--- Page 1 ---
1 
Base Prospectus 
March 26, 2025 
This document constitutes the base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation) in respect of non-equity securities within 
the meaning of Article 2(c) of the Prospectus Regulation, as amended of Fresenius Medical Care AG (the Prospectus). 
 
Fresenius Medical Care AG 
(Hof (Saale), Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
EUR 10,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Program 
(the Program) 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg (Luxembourg) in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality 
and solvency of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application has been made to list the notes issued under the Program (the Notes) on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) and to admit the Notes to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of May 15, 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended (MiFID II). However, Notes may 
also be issued under the Program which are listed on a stock exchange other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or which are 
not listed on any stock exchange. 
The Issuer has requested the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg 
law relating to prospectuses for securities dated July 16, 2019, as amended (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour 
valeurs mobilières et portant mise en œuvre du règlement (UE) 2017/1129) (the Prospectus Act) to provide the competent author-
ities in the Federal Republic of Germany (Germany) with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (a Notification). The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities 
in additional member states within the European Economic Area (the EEA) with a Notification. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes should refer to the Risk Factors disclosed on pages 13 et seqq. of the Prospectus. 
The Prospectus will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) together 
with all supplements thereto and all documents incorporated by reference. It is valid for a period of twelve months from its date of 
approval. The validity ends upon expiration of March 26, 2026. The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in accordance with 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Santander Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
UniCredit

--- Page 2 ---
2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Fresenius Medical Care AG (the Issuer and, together with its consolidated group companies, the 
Group, also referred to as we, us or our), with its registered office (Sitz) in Hof (Saale), Germany, 
and its registered business address in Bad Homburg v. d. Höhe, Germany, accepts responsibility 
for the information given in the Prospectus and for the information which will be contained in the 
Final Terms (as defined below). 
The Issuer hereby declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, 
the information contained in the Prospectus for which it is responsible is, to the best of its 
knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
By approving the Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the transactions under the Program and the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line 
with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Prospectus Act. 
NOTICE 
The Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and 
with any other documents incorporated herein by reference and, in relation to any series of Notes 
(each a Series of Notes), together with the relevant final terms (the Final Terms). Full information 
on the Issuer and any Series of Notes is available only on the basis of the combination of this 
Prospectus, any supplement to this Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that the Prospectus contains all infor-
mation with regard to the Issuer and the Notes which is necessary to enable investors to make an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects 
of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Notes which is material in the context of the Program; 
that the information contained herein with respect to the Issuer and the Notes is accurate and com-
plete in all material respects and is not misleading; that the opinions and intentions expressed 
herein are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts with 
respect to the Issuer or the Notes, the omission of which would make the Prospectus as a whole or 
any of such information or the expression of any such opinions or intentions misleading in any 
material respect and that the Issuer has made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material 
for the purposes aforesaid. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement the Prospectus in accordance with Ar-
ticle 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or publish a new prospectus in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in the Pro-
spectus in respect of Notes issued on the basis of the Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of the Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when the Prospectus has been approved 
and the closing of the offer period for any Series of Notes or the time when trading of any Series of 
Notes on a regulated market begins in respect of Notes issued on the basis of the Prospectus, 
whichever occurs later. 
No person has been authorized to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent 
with the Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Program or any information 
supplied by the Issuer or any other information in the public domain and, if given or made, such 
information must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer the Dealers or any of 
them. 
To the extent permitted by law, neither the Arranger (as defined herein) nor any Dealer nor any 
other person mentioned in the Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is responsible for the information 
contained in the Prospectus or any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms or any document incor-
porated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any

--- Page 3 ---
3 
relevant jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and com-
pleteness of the information contained in any of these documents. 
The Prospectus and any supplement hereto as well as any Final Terms reflects the status as of 
their respective dates of issue. The delivery of the Prospectus, any supplement thereto, or any Final 
Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an implication that the 
information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective 
dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since 
such date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Program is accurate at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
The distribution of the Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons in possession of the Prospectus or any 
Final Terms are required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For a de-
scription of the restrictions applicable in the EEA, the United Kingdom (the UK), the United States 
of America (the United States or U.S.), Japan, Canada, Singapore and Switzerland, see 
"X.3. Selling Restrictions". In particular, the Notes have not been and will not be registered under 
the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and include notes in bearer form 
that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act (U.S. person). 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (each a Dis-
tributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor sub-
ject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 of April 7, 2016 
(the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their re-
spective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Issuer is not a manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a UK Dis-
tributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a UK Distributor 
subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertak-
ing its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in re-
spect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. The

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Issuer is not a manufacturer or UK Distributor for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Govern-
ance Rules. 
CANADA INVESTORS – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 
Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted 
clients, as defined in National Instrument 31- 103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and On-
going Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemp-
tion from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities 
laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser 
with remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) con-
tains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by 
the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's prov-
ince or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation 
of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
Pursuant to Section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of 
a non-Canadian jurisdiction, Section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33- 105 Underwriting Conflicts 
(NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 
regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of January 20, 2016 on insurance distribution (recast) (as amended), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. If the above mentioned 
legend is included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of November 26, 2014 on key 
information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products (PRIIPs), as 
amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them avail-
able to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS", the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (With-
drawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a profes-
sional client, as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. If the above mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final 
Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 OF 
SINGAPORE (THE SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all 
Notes issued or to be issued under the Program shall be prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the MAS) Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommen-
dations on Investment Products). 
The language of the Prospectus is English. Any part of the Prospectus in the German language 
constitutes a translation, except that (i) in respect of the issue of any Series of Notes under the 
Program, the German text of the terms and conditions of the Notes set forth below (the Terms and 
Conditions) may be controlling and binding if so specified in the relevant Final Terms and (ii) the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer which are incorporated by reference into the Pro-
spectus are in German.  
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, a reference to a 
law or a provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or reen-
acted. 
The information on any websites included in the Prospectus, except for the website of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) in the context of the documents incorporated by reference, 
does not form part of the Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. 
The Prospectus and any supplement hereto may only be used for the purpose for which it 
has been published. 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally plac-
ing Notes issued under the Program is entitled to use the Prospectus as set out in 
"III. Consent to the Use of the Prospectus" below. 
Neither the Prospectus nor any Final Terms may be used for the purpose of an offer or so-
licitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized 
or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. 
Neither the Prospectus, nor any supplement thereto nor any Final Terms constitute an offer 
or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY SERIES OF NOTES UNDER THE PROGRAM, THE 
DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS STABILIZING MANAGER(S) IN THE 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS (OR PERSONS ACTING ON BEHALF OF A STABILIZING 
MANAGER(S)) MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO 
SUPPORTING THE PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT 
OTHERWISE PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILIZATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY 
STABILIZATION ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE 
PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT SERIES OF 
NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER 
THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT SERIES OF 
NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT SERIES 
OF NOTES. ANY STABILIZATION ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED 
BY THE RELEVANT STABILIZING MANAGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON BEHALF OF 
ANY STABILIZING MANAGER(S)) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND 
RULES. 
ANY U.S. PERSON WHO HOLDS AN OBLIGATION UNDER THIS PROGRAM THAT IS 
TREATED AS IN BEARER FORM FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES WILL BE

--- Page 6 ---
6 
SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE U.S. INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN CLAUSES 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION – The Final Terms in respect of any of the Notes offered on the 
basis of the Prospectus may specify that interest amounts payable under floating rate Notes are 
calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR), which as at the date of the 
Prospectus is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), the Euro short term rate 
(€STR), which is currently provided by the European Central Bank (ECB), or the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (SOFR), which is currently provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(Federal Reserve). 
Given that the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 8, 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure 
the performance of investment funds, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation) does not apply 
to central banks and that the €STR and SOFR are administered by the ECB and the Federal Re-
serve, respectively, €STR and SOFR may be used without any recognition, endorsement or equiv-
alence. 
As at the date of the Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to 
Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.  
CURRENCIES – In the Prospectus, all references to €, EUR or euro are to the currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of the European economic and monetary union, and defined in Article 
2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of May 3, 1998, on the introduction of the euro, as 
amended. All references to $, US$ or USD are to the US dollar, the official currency of the United 
States. 
RATING – A Series of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating 
and the respective rating agency will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or with-
drawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
MARKET DATA – To the extent not otherwise indicated, the information contained in the Prospec-
tus on the market environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends and competition 
in the markets in which the Group operates is taken either (i) from publicly available sources, in-
cluding, but not limited to, third-party studies, or (ii) from the Issuer's own estimates prepared using 
the Issuer's internal market analysis tools which have been developed to obtain and manage infor-
mation on the status and development of global, regional and national dialysis markets. The Issuer 
uses its internal market analysis tools to collect, analyze and communicate current and essential 
information on the dialysis market, developing trends, the Group's market position and those of its 
competitors (please see "V.5. Major Markets and Competitive Position"). The information from third-
party sources that is cited here has been reproduced accurately. As far as the Issuer is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information published by such third-party sources, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information published inaccurate or misleading. 
The Prospectus also contains estimates of market data and information derived from these esti-
mates that would not be available from publications issued by market research firms or from any 
other independent sources. This information is based on the Issuer's internal estimates and, as 
such, may differ from the estimates made by the Issuer's competitors or from data collected in the 
future by market research firms or other independent sources. To the extent the Issuer derived or 
summarized the market information contained in the Prospectus from a number of different studies, 
an individual study is not cited unless the respective information can be taken from it directly.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
The Issuer has not independently verified the market data and other information on which third 
parties have based their studies or the external sources on which the Issuer's own estimates are 
based. Therefore, the Issuer assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of the information on the 
market environment, market developments, growth rates, market trends and competitive situation 
presented in the Prospectus from third-party studies or the accuracy of the information on which 
the Issuer's own estimates are based. Any statements regarding the market environment, market 
developments, growth rates, market trends and competitive situation presented in the Prospectus 
regarding the Group and its operating divisions contained in the Prospectus are based on the Issu-
er's own estimates and/or analysis unless other sources are specified. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The Prospectus contains forward-looking statements. When used in the Prospectus, the words 
"outlook," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "guidance," 
"target" and similar expressions are generally intended to identify forward looking statements. Alt-
hough the Issuer believes that the assumptions and expectations reflected in such forward-looking 
statements are reasonable, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncer-
tainties, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not be antici-
pated. Additionally, subsequent events and actual results, financial and otherwise, have differed in 
the past and, going forward, could differ materially from those set forth in or contemplated by the 
forward-looking statements contained elsewhere in the Prospectus. The Issuer has based these 
forward-looking statements on current estimates and assumptions made to the best of its 
knowledge. By their nature, such forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties, assump-
tions and other factors which could cause actual results, including the Group's financial condition 
and profitability, to differ materially, positively or negatively, relative to the results expressly or im-
plicitly described in or suggested by these statements. Moreover, forward-looking estimates or pre-
dictions derived from third parties' studies or information (which the Issuer does not independently 
verify) may prove to be inaccurate. Consequently, the Issuer cannot give any assurance regarding 
the future accuracy of the opinions set forth in the Prospectus or the actual occurrence of the pro-
jected developments described herein. In addition, even if the future results of the Group meet the 
expectations expressed here, those results may not be indicative of the Group's performance in 
future periods. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Accord-
ingly, investors are strongly advised to read the sections "II. Risk Factors", "IV. General Information 
on the Issuer" and "V. Business of the Group" in the Prospectus. These sections include more 
detailed descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Group's business and the markets 
in which it operates.  
In light of the risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors contained therein, future events 
described in the Prospectus may not occur. In addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume 
any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement or to conform 
these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Prospectus contains certain alternative performance measures, as defined in the guidelines 
issued by ESMA concerning the presentation of alternative performance measures disclosed in 
regulated information and prospectuses published as from July 3, 2016, which are not recognized 
financial measures under the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS®) Accounting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union (IFRS Accounting Standards) or any other gener-
ally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). These alternative performance measures (Non-IFRS® 
Measures) may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. The Non-IFRS 
Measures include: operating income margin; capital expenditures; capital expenditures, net; net 
cash provided by (used in) operating activities in % of revenue; free cash flow; free cash flow in % 
of revenue; free cash flow after investing activities; adjusted EBITDA; net debt; net leverage ratio; 
growth at constant currency; revenue after adjustments; operating income after adjustments;

--- Page 8 ---
8 
operating income after adjustments margin; net income after adjustments and net cash flows from 
investing activities including cash proceeds from portfolio optimization. Such Non-IFRS Measures 
must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial infor-
mation prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards included elsewhere or incorpo-
rated by reference in the Prospectus. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these 
Non-IFRS Measures and are also advised to review them in conjunction with the consolidated fi-
nancial statements of the Issuer including the related notes thereto, incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
I. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM ........................................................... 10 
II. 
RISK FACTORS.............................................................................................................. 13 
III. 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE PROSPECTUS ........................................................ 41 
IV. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER ............................................................... 42 
V. 
BUSINESS OF THE GROUP ......................................................................................... 64 
VI. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ............................................................... 83 
VII. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................. 226 
VIII. 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................... 256 
IX. 
TAXATION WARNING .................................................................................................. 257 
X. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................ 258 
XI. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................... 266 
XII. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................... 269 
XIII. 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES ......................................................................................... 271

--- Page 10 ---
10 
I. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAM 
Under this EUR 10,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Program, the Issuer may from time to time issue 
Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 1,000 (or near equivalent in another currency 
on the issue date) to one or more of the Dealers (as defined herein). The maximum aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes from time to time outstanding under the Program (the Program 
Amount) will not exceed EUR 10,000,000,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency). The Is-
suer may increase the Program Amount in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement (as 
defined below) from time to time. 
Notes will be issued in Series of Notes having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
of Notes being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series of Notes. Each 
Series of Notes may be issued in tranches (each a Tranche) on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, with the relevant 
Terms and Conditions and, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest 
and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same 
Series of Notes) will be completed in the Final Terms. 
The specific terms of each Series of Notes will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. The Final 
Terms of the Notes listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in Luxembourg will be displayed on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Notes listed on any other stock 
exchange or publicly offered in one or more member states of the EEA other than Luxembourg, the 
Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Issuer (www.freseniusmedicalcare.com). 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central 
banks, the Notes may be issued in euro or any other currency. The Notes are freely transferable 
and may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors. The Notes will be issued with a maturity 
of twelve months or more. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price, which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
stated in the relevant Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the 
time of pricing on the basis of a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the 
investors which are received by the respective Dealers during the offer period. Orders will specify 
a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting yield will be used 
to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield for Notes with fixed interest rates is calculated in accordance with the method of the 
International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) and based on the issue price of the Notes. The 
ICMA method determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account accrued interest 
on a daily basis. 
1. 
Issue Procedures  
1.1 
General 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each 
particular Series of Notes (the Conditions). The Conditions will be constituted by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set forth below, as further specified by the provisions of the Final Terms as 
set out below.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
1.2 
Options for sets of Terms and Conditions 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final 
Terms provide for the Issuer to choose among the following options (each an Option): 
– 
Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates (the Option I); and 
– 
Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates (the Option II). 
1.3 
Documentation of the Conditions 
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following 
ways: 
– 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine 
which of Option I or Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respec-
tively, shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes by replicating the relevant pro-
visions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set of Terms and Condi-
tions as set out in the Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed pro-
visions of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which 
will be attached to each global note representing the Notes of the relevant Series of Notes. 
This type of documentation of the Conditions will be used where the Notes are publicly 
offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-
qualified investors. 
– 
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the 
respective further options contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the 
individual issue by only referring to the specific sections of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. The Final Terms will specify that the provisions 
of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Pro-
spectus, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a 
particular Series of Notes will have the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Prospectus attached. 
2. 
Determination of Options / Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual 
issue of Notes. Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also 
certain further options (characterized by indicating the optional provision through instructions and 
explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square brackets within the text of the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus) as well as placeholders (characterized 
by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms 
as follows: 
2.1 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating 
the relevant provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the sections of the 
relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not replicate 
or refer to an alternative or optional provision it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
2.2 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms 
and Conditions will be completed. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Terms and Conditions, taken together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by the information contained in the Final Terms as if 
such information were inserted in the placeholders of such provisions. 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant 
set of Terms and Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be 
deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
3. 
Controlling Language 
As to controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
– 
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in Germany, or (ii) initially 
distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the 
controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified 
investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language 
translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal offices of the Fiscal Agent 
and the Issuer as specified on the back of the Prospectus. 
– 
In other cases, the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling lan-
guage.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
II. 
RISK FACTORS  
Before deciding whether to purchase any Notes, prospective investors should carefully review and 
consider the following risk factors and the other information contained in the Prospectus or incor-
porated by reference into the Prospectus. The occurrence of one or more of these risks alone or in 
combination with other circumstances may have a material adverse effect on the business and 
cash flows, financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer and may affect the Issuer's 
ability to fulfill its obligations under the Notes. 
The following description is limited to risk factors which the Issuer considers to be specific and 
material. The Issuer describes only those risk factors it is currently aware of and which could impair 
its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Investing in the Notes could involve additional risks 
and uncertainties of which the Issuer may not be currently aware, or which the Issuer may currently 
not consider material on the basis of their regular risk assessments. The risks to which the business 
of the Issuer is exposed may result in inaccuracies in risk assessments or other forward-looking 
statements.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors and each potential investor in the 
Notes must determine the suitability of the investment in light of its own circumstances and financial 
condition. In particular, each potential investor should: 
• 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorpo-
rated by reference in this Prospectus or any applicable supplement to the Prospectus; 
• 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation and the investment(s) it is considering, an investment in 
the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
• 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from 
the reference currency of the investor; 
• 
understand thoroughly the Terms and Conditions; and 
• 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the assistance of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks, includ-
ing potential tax implications and risks. 
1. 
Risks Relating to the Issuer and the Group 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and the Group are presented in the following categories de-
pending on their nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category: 
1. 
Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters 
2. 
Risks Relating to Internal Control and Compliance 
3. 
Risks Relating to Our Business Activities and Industry  
4. 
Risks Relating to Taxation and Accounting 
5. 
Risks Relating to Our Financial Condition and Our Securities

--- Page 14 ---
14 
1.1 
Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters 
1.1.1 
We operate in a highly regulated industry such that the potential for legislative re-
form provides uncertainty and potential threats to our operating models and results 
The delivery of health care services and products is highly regulated in virtually every country in 
which we operate. Proposals for legislative reform in these countries are often introduced to im-
prove access to care, address quality of care issues and manage costs of the health care system. 
In the United States of America (the United States or U.S.), there have been efforts to pursue 
significant changes to existing health care programs, including efforts to repeal or replace the Pro-
tection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (Pub.L. 111-148), as amended by the Health Care and 
Education Reconciliation Act (Pub.L. 111-152) (collectively, ACA) which, while unsuccessful to 
date, continue. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed lower court rulings that de-
clared the ACA to be unconstitutional, holding that the states and other plaintiffs in the case did not 
have standing to challenge the law. If future efforts to limit or repeal the ACA are successful, such 
efforts could have significant effects on our businesses, both positive and negative, but the out-
comes are impossible to predict. 
In October 2017, the Trump administration discontinued making cost-sharing reduction (CSR) re-
imbursements to insurers, arguing that Congress failed to appropriate funding. In response, many 
state departments of insurance either allowed or required insurers to mitigate their losses by in-
creasing the 2018 premiums on their ACA plans. Many insurers also mitigated the impact to them-
selves by "silver loading," a practice whereby the premiums for silver-level plans were increased to 
offset the loss of CSR payments. Silver loading may also have mitigated the impact of premium 
increases to some low-income consumers by increasing their premium tax credits. In 2019 and 
2020, all states either permitted or required silver loading. In 2017, several insurers sued the U.S. 
federal government to reinstate CSR payments. On June 21, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court denied 
requests from multiple insurers to review lower court decisions that held they were not entitled to 
full unpaid CSR payments. As a result, insurers are entitled to the unpaid CSRs, but the total 
amount they are owed must be offset by any excess premium tax credits received from premium 
increases for 2018 and beyond. The Biden administration requested appropriations for CSR pay-
ments in its fiscal year 2025 budget request. Congress did not pass appropriations bills for the fiscal 
year 2025 and funding is maintained at current levels under a continuing resolution that expires on 
March 14, 2025. As a result, a reduction in the availability of insurance through insurance ex-
changes established by the ACA or expiration without renewal of insurance premium subsidies 
presently available under the ACA could reduce the number of our commercially insured patients 
and shift such patients to Medicare and Medicaid. In addition, the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in 
Marietta Memorial Hospital Employee Health Benefit Plan, et al. v. DaVita Inc. et al. 142 S. Ct. 1968 
(2022) (Marietta) makes it easier for health plans to design plan benefits for Medicare eligible End-
Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) patients in a way that makes private health insurance relatively less 
attractive to ESRD patients and Medicare relatively more attractive. In the Marietta case, the ques-
tions presented involved whether the health plan violated the Medicare Secondary Payor Act 
(MSPA) by "taking into account" that plan beneficiaries are eligible for Medicare and/or by "differ-
entiating" between the benefits that the plan offers to patients with dialysis versus others. On 
June 21, 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed the Sixth Circuit decision and held that the em-
ployee group health plan (EGHP) for Marietta Memorial Hospital did not violate the MSPA.  
Bills were introduced previously to Congress that would address the Marietta decision, but will need 
to be reintroduced in the current Congress. The Restore Protections for Dialysis Patients Act would 
restore the interpretation of the Medicare Secondary Payer Act prior to the Marietta decision and 
ensure that patients cannot be discriminated against because of their need for dialysis. We cannot 
predict whether the Congress will enact this or any other proposed legislation that would reverse 
the potential effects of the Marietta decision. These bills will need to be reintroduced before they 
are taken up in the 119th Congress which began on January 3, 2025. As Medicare and Medicaid 
reimbursement rates are generally lower than the reimbursement rates paid by commercial

--- Page 15 ---
15 
insurers, a shift of commercially insured patients to Medicare and Medicaid could have a material 
adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Marietta ruling 
may also result in certain EGHPs reducing the benefits offered for dialysis, which could, depending 
on the number of patients impacted, have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial 
condition and results of operation. There can be no assurance that this proposal or any other leg-
islation to address the Marietta decision will be enacted. See "1.1.2. Changes in reimbursement, 
payor mix and/or governmental regulations for health care could materially decrease our revenues 
and operating profit" below. 
1.1.2 
Changes in reimbursement, payor mix and/or governmental regulations for health 
care could materially decrease our revenues and operating profit 
We receive reimbursement for our health care services from both public, government-sponsored 
payors and private, commercial payors. A large portion of our businesses is reimbursed by govern-
ment payors, in particular the Medicare and Medicaid programs in the U.S. For the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2024, 18% of our consolidated revenues resulted from Medicare and Medicaid (ex-
cluding Medicare Advantage plans, also known as Medicare Part C, offered by private health insur-
ers approved by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS) to provide their members with Med-
icare Part A, Part B and usually Part D benefits (Medicare Advantage or MA plans)) reimburse-
ment. The Medicare and Medicaid programs change their payment methodologies and funding from 
time to time in ways that are driven by changes in statute, economic conditions, and policy. For 
example, the Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA) required a $1.2 trillion reduction in deficits through 
2021. As a backup, if Congress could not agree on proposals to reach this target, sequestration or 
across-the-board spending cuts would go into effect (U.S. Sequestration). On April 1, 2013, a 2% 
reduction to Medicare payments took effect and continues in force. Additionally, the Statutory Pay-
As-You-Go Act of 2010 (Statutory PAYGO) requires that if the Congressional Budget Office de-
termines that Congress has passed legislation increasing the federal budget deficit, a 4% sequester 
cut for Medicare program payments would become effective. To the date of this Prospectus, Con-
gress has passed legislation increasing the federal deficit on a number of occasions subsequent to 
the passage of Statutory PAYGO, but has always acted to prevent such sequestration from becom-
ing effective. Spending cuts pursuant to the U.S. Sequestration have adversely affected our oper-
ating results in the past and will continue to do so. In addition, options to restructure the Medicare 
program in the direction of a defined contribution, "premium support" model and to shift Medicaid 
funding to a block grant or per capita arrangement, with greater flexibility for the states, have been 
proposed or considered from time to time. Changes in payment methodologies and funding or pay-
ment requirements of (without limitation) the ESRD Prospective Payment System (ESRD PPS), the 
Physician Fee Schedule, the Clinical Laboratory Fee Schedule, and the Ambulatory Surgical Center 
Payment System may have material effects on our operating results. We may also experience 
changes in the interpretation of government regulations by the courts. We have very little oppor-
tunity to influence or predict the magnitude of many of those changes.  
Our patients make decisions about their insurance coverage among options that, depending on 
their personal circumstances and location, may include Medicare, Medicaid, Medicare Advantage 
plans, employer group health coverage, exchange plans and other commercial coverage. Govern-
ment reimbursement programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, generally pay less than commer-
cial insurance, and Medicare Advantage plans generally pay less than other commercial plans. In 
addition, we may experience higher write-offs of Medicare deductibles and other cost-sharing 
amounts due to secondary uninsured and underinsured patients which would result in an increase 
in uncollectible accounts. As a result, the payments we receive from private payors generate a 
substantial portion of the profits we report.  
Any of the following events, among others, could have a material adverse impact on our business, 
financial condition and results of operations:

--- Page 16 ---
16 
• 
we may be subject to rejections of or reductions in reimbursement from private payors, 
including, for example, through their use of lower allowed charges rather than rates based 
on our billed charges; 
• 
we may experience a reduction in our ability to obtain and retain commercially insured 
patients to utilize our health care services; 
• 
efforts by private payors to continue to control the cost of and/or the eligibility for access 
to health care services, including relative to insurance products on and off the health care 
exchanges established by the ACA and potential efforts by employer group health plans 
and commercial insurers to limit benefits or reduce reimbursement for our services or 
eliminate reimbursement for some of our services; 
• 
a portion of our business that is currently reimbursed by private insurers or hospitals may 
become reimbursed by integrated care organizations, which may use payment method-
ologies that reduce reimbursement for our services. There can be no assurance that we 
can achieve future price increases from private insurers and integrated care organizations 
offering private insurance coverage to our patients;  
• 
if legislative or regulatory efforts or litigation to restrict or eliminate the charitable funding 
of patient insurance premiums are successful, our patients with coverage under publicly 
funded programs like Medicare may be unable to continue to pay the premiums for that 
coverage and may become uninsured for dialysis services. In addition, a portion of our 
patients who are currently covered by private insurers may be unable to continue to pay 
the premiums for that coverage and may become uninsured for dialysis services or may 
elect to transition to government funded reimbursement programs that reimburse us at 
lower rates for our services; or 
• 
if we are unable to secure appropriate reimbursement arrangements for the pharmaceu-
ticals we provide in our dialysis clinics, we could experience a material adverse effect on 
our operating results. An increased utilization of bundled pharmaceuticals, as part of the 
ESRD PPS, or decreases in reimbursement for pharmaceuticals outside the bundled rate 
may result in a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
In addition to the foregoing factors, the health care insurance industry is experiencing continuing 
consolidation among insurers and pharmacy benefit managers, including increasing buyer power 
and impacts on referral streams. Such consolidation could have a material adverse effect on our 
ability to negotiate favorable coverage terms and reimbursement rates. 
1.1.3 
If we do not comply with the numerous governmental regulations applicable to our 
business, we could suffer adverse legal consequences, including exclusion from 
government health care programs or termination of our authority to conduct busi-
ness, any of which would result in a material decrease in our revenue; this regula-
tory environment also exposes us to claims and litigation, including "whistle-
blower" suits 
Our operations in both our health care services business and our products business are subject to 
extensive governmental regulation in virtually every country in which we operate. We are also sub-
ject to other laws of general applicability, including antitrust, anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws 
as well as sustainability requirements. The applicable regulations, which differ from country to coun-
try, cover areas that include: 
• 
regulatory approvals for products or product improvements;

--- Page 17 ---
17 
• 
regulatory approvals and oversight of clinical and certain non-clinical research and devel-
opment (R&D) activities; 
• 
the quality, safety and efficacy of medical and pharmaceutical products and supplies; 
• 
the operation and licensure of manufacturing facilities, laboratories, dialysis clinics, am-
bulatory surgery centers and other health care facilities; 
• 
product labeling, advertising and other promotion; 
• 
accurate reporting and billing for government and third-party reimbursement, including 
accurate and complete medical records to support such billing and, in the U.S., the obli-
gation to report and return overpayments within 60 days of the time that the overpayment 
is identified and quantified; 
• 
the discounting of reimbursed drug and medical device products and the reporting of drug 
prices to government authorities; 
• 
limits on our ability to make acquisitions or certain investments and the terms of those 
transactions; 
• 
the collection, dissemination, access, use, security, protection and privacy of protected 
health information or other protected data, as well as requirements to report data 
breaches to regulatory agencies; and 
• 
compensation of medical directors and other financial arrangements with physicians and 
other referral sources. 
Failure to comply with one or more of these laws or regulations may give rise to a number of adverse 
legal consequences. These include, in particular, loss or suspension of federal certifications, loss 
or suspension of licenses under the laws of any state or governmental authority from which we 
generate substantial revenues, monetary and administrative penalties, product recalls, increased 
costs for compliance with government orders, complete or partial exclusion from government reim-
bursement programs, refunds of payments received from government payors and government 
health care program beneficiaries due to failures to meet applicable requirements or complete or 
partial curtailment of our authority to conduct business. Any of these consequences could have a 
material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Our medical devices and drug products are subject to detailed, rigorous and frequently changing 
regulation by numerous national, supranational, federal and state authorities. In addition, our facil-
ities and procedures and those of our suppliers are subject to periodic inspection by various regu-
latory authorities which may suspend, revoke, or adversely amend the authority necessary for re-
search, manufacture, marketing, or sale of our products and those of our suppliers. We and our 
suppliers must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex 
regulations, and if such compliance is not maintained, we and our suppliers could be subject to 
significant adverse administrative and judicial enforcement actions in the future. These possible 
enforcement actions could include warning letters, injunctions, civil penalties, seizures of our prod-
ucts, and criminal prosecutions as well as dissemination of information to the public about such 
enforcement actions. These actions could result in, among other things, substantial modifications 
to our business practices and operations; refunds; a total or partial shutdown of production while 
the alleged violation is remedied; and recalls, withdrawals or suspensions of current products from 
the market. Any of these events, in combination or alone, could disrupt our business and have a 
material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
We operate many facilities and engage with other business associates to help carry out our health 
care activities. In such a widespread, global system, it is often difficult to maintain the desired level 
of oversight and control over the thousands of individuals employed by many affiliated companies 
and their business associates. We rely on our management structure, regulatory and legal re-
sources and the effective operation of our compliance programs to direct, manage and monitor our 
operations, including the activities of our employees and their agents, to comply with government 
regulations. We cannot assure that our internal control policies and procedures will always protect 
us from intentional or inadvertent acts of our employees or agents that contravene our compliance 
policies or violate applicable laws. If employees were to deliberately, recklessly or inadvertently fail 
to adhere to these regulations, then our authority to conduct business could be terminated and our 
operations could be significantly curtailed. Any such terminations or reductions could materially 
reduce our revenues. If we fail to identify in our diligence process or to promptly remediate any non-
compliant business practices in companies that we acquire, we could be subject to penalties, claims 
for repayment or other sanctions. Any such terminations or reductions could materially reduce our 
revenues, with a resulting material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results 
of operations. See also "1.2.1. We operate in many different jurisdictions and we could be adversely 
affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-corrup-
tion laws" below. 
By virtue of this regulatory environment, our business activities and practices are subject to exten-
sive review by regulatory authorities and private parties, and continuing audits, subpoenas, other 
inquiries, claims and litigation relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. We 
may not always be aware that an inquiry or action has begun, particularly in the case of "qui tam" 
or "whistleblower" actions brought by private plaintiffs under the False Claims Act, which are initially 
filed under seal. We are the subject of a number of governmental inquiries and civil suits by gov-
ernmental and private plaintiffs.  
In addition, future legislative or regulatory changes could affect procedures or decision making for 
approving medical devices or pharmaceuticals. Any such legislation or regulations, if enacted or 
promulgated, could result in a delay or denial of regulatory approval for our products. If any of our 
products do not receive regulatory approval, or there is a delay in obtaining approval, this also could 
have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
1.1.4 
Cyber-attacks or other privacy and data security incidents could disrupt our busi-
ness and expose us to significant losses, liability and reputational damage 
We and our third-party service providers routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of 
data in our operations, including sensitive personal information as well as proprietary or confidential 
information relating to our business or third parties. We may be subject to breaches of the infor-
mation technology security systems we use both internally and externally with third-party service 
providers.  
Cyber-attacks may penetrate our and our third-party service providers' security controls and result 
in the misappropriation or compromise of personal information or proprietary or confidential infor-
mation, including such information which is stored or transmitted on the systems used by certain of 
our or their products, to create system disruptions, cause shutdowns (including disruptions to our 
production plants), or deploy viruses, worms, ransomware, denial-of-service attacks and other ma-
licious software programs that attack our systems. We and our third-party service providers handle 
the personal information of our patients and beneficiaries, Patient Personal Data (PPD), throughout 
the U.S. and other parts of the world. We or our third-party service providers may experience a 
breach under the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act Privacy and Security 
Rules, the EU's General Data Protection Regulation and or other similar laws (Data Protection 
Laws), including the following events:  
• 
impermissible use, access, or disclosure of unsecured PPD,

--- Page 19 ---
19 
• 
a breach under Data Protection Laws when we or our business associates neglect to 
implement the required administrative, technical and physical safeguards of its electronic 
systems and devices, or 
• 
a data breach that results in impermissible use, access or disclosure of personal identify-
ing information of our employees, patients and beneficiaries. 
Our IT systems have been attacked in the past, resulting in certain patient data being illegally pub-
lished.  
When appropriate, we have filed complaints against the unknown attackers with the relevant au-
thorities and we contacted the patients who were affected by the illegal data publication as well as 
other relevant regulatory agencies and stakeholders. While there has not been any material impact 
to our financial condition and results of operations as a result of these attacks, future cyber-attacks 
against our IT systems may result in a loss of financial data or interruptions of our operations that 
could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations 
in the future. The war between Russia and Ukraine (Ukraine War) has increased the risk of cyber-
attacks against our systems and data. 
As we increase the amount of personal information or financial data that we store and share digi-
tally, our exposure to these privacy and data breaches and cyber-attack risks increases (particularly 
as medical records are a high-value target), including the risk of undetected attacks, damage, loss 
or unauthorized disclosure or access, and the cost of attempting to protect against these risks also 
increases. Pursuant to recent legislation, Medicare coverage for telehealth services was extended 
to March 31, 2025. Commencing April 1, 2025, Medicare coverage for telehealth services will be 
available principally in rural areas. While the availability of telehealth services is convenient and 
improves access to medical care, increased reliance on, and utilization of, telemedicine for delivery 
of health care services could also increase the risk of privacy violations and our vulnerability to data 
breaches and cyber-attacks. There are no assurances that our security technologies, processes 
and procedures that we or our outside service providers have implemented to protect personal 
information and proprietary or confidential information and to build security into the design of our 
products will be effective. Any failure to keep our information technology systems, financial data 
and our patients' and customers' sensitive information secure from attack, damage, loss or unau-
thorized disclosure or access, whether as a result of our action or inaction or that of our third-party 
business associates or vendors that utilize and store such personal information on our behalf, could 
materially adversely affect our reputation and ability to continue normal operations. Additionally, 
such failure could expose us to mandatory public disclosure requirements, litigation and govern-
mental enforcement proceedings, material fines, penalties and/or remediation costs, and compen-
satory, special, punitive and statutory damages, consent orders and other adverse actions, any of 
which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
1.1.5 
If certain of our investments or value and risk-based care programs with health 
care organizations and health care providers are found to have violated the law, 
our business could be adversely affected 
A number of the dialysis clinics and health care centers that we operate are owned, or managed, 
by entities in which one or more hospitals, physicians or physician practice groups hold an interest. 
Physician owners, who are usually nephrologists, may also provide medical director services and 
physician owners may refer patients to those centers or other centers we own and operate or to 
other physicians who refer patients to those centers or other centers we own and operate. We also 
have arrangements with physician practices to collaborate on our value and risk-based care pro-
grams with public and private payors. In the past, certain parties have attempted to utilize our dis-
closure of these arrangements as the basis for qui tam proceedings under the U.S. federal Medi-
care and Medicaid Fraud and Abuse Amendments of 1977, as amended (the Anti-Kickback

--- Page 20 ---
20 
Statute) and the federal Physician Self-Referral Law (the Stark Law). Such attempts have not been 
successful to date. Because our relationships with physicians are governed by the federal and state 
anti-kickback statutes and other state fraud and abuse laws, we have structured our arrangements 
to comply with many of the criteria for safe harbor protection and waivers under the Anti-Kickback 
Statute; however, these arrangements do not always satisfy all elements of applicable safe harbors. 
While we have established comprehensive compliance policies, procedures and programs to en-
sure ethical and compliant business operations, if one or more of our arrangements, including value 
and risk-based care programs, were found to be in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark 
Law, analogous state laws, or other similar laws worldwide, we could be required to restructure or 
terminate them. We could also be required to repay to Medicare, Medicaid as well as other federal 
health care program amounts pursuant to any prohibited referrals, and we could be subject to crim-
inal and monetary penalties and exclusion from federal and state health care programs. Imposition 
of any of these penalties could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition 
and results of operations.  
1.1.6 
We are exposed to product liability, patent infringement and other claims which 
could result in significant costs and liability which we may not be able to insure on 
acceptable terms in the future 
Health care companies are typically subject to claims alleging negligence, product liability, breach 
of warranty, malpractice and other legal theories that may involve large claims and significant de-
fense costs whether or not liability is ultimately imposed. Health care products may also be subject 
to recalls, statutory or regulatory shipping holds and intellectual property rights (for example patents 
or trademarks) infringement claims which, in addition to monetary penalties, may restrict our ability 
to sell or use our products. We cannot assure that such claims will not be asserted against us, or, 
for example, that significant adverse verdicts will not be reached against us or that large scale 
recalls of our products will not become necessary. In addition, the laws of some of the countries in 
which we operate provide legal rights to users of pharmaceutical products that could increase the 
risk of product liability claims. Product liability and intellectual property rights infringement claims, 
other actions for negligence or breach of contract and product recalls or related sanctions could 
result in significant costs. These costs could have a material adverse impact on our business, fi-
nancial condition and results of operations.  
While we have been able to obtain liability insurance in the past to partially cover our business risks, 
we cannot assure that such insurance will be available in the future either on acceptable terms or 
at all, or that our insurance carriers will not dispute their coverage obligations. In addition, Fresenius 
Medical Care Holdings, Inc., our largest subsidiary, is partially self-insured for professional, product 
and general liability, auto liability and worker's compensation claims, up to pre-determined levels 
above which our third-party insurance applies. A successful claim for which we are self-insured or 
in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage could have a material adverse impact on our 
business, financial condition and results of operations. Liability claims, regardless of their merit or 
eventual outcome, also may have a material adverse effect on our business and result in a loss of 
customer confidence in us or our products, which could have a material adverse impact on our 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
1.2 
Risks Relating to Internal Control and Compliance 
1.2.1 
We operate in many different jurisdictions and we could be adversely affected by 
violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-cor-
ruption laws 
The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and similar worldwide anti-corruption laws gener-
ally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to public officials 
for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our internal policies mandate compliance with 
these anti-corruption laws. We operate many facilities throughout the U.S. and other parts of the

--- Page 21 ---
21 
world. Our widespread, global operations have thousands of persons employed by many affiliated 
companies, and we rely on our management structure, regulatory and legal resources and effective 
operation of our compliance program to direct, manage and monitor the activities of these employ-
ees and third-party intermediaries. On March 29, 2019, we entered into a non-prosecution agree-
ment (NPA) with the U.S Department of Justice (DOJ) and a separate agreement with the SEC in 
connection with its Cease and Desist Order (SEC Order) intended to resolve fully and finally the 
U.S. government allegations against us arising from DOJ and SEC investigations into conduct in 
countries outside the United States that violated the FCPA or other anti-bribery laws. As part of 
these agreements, we agreed to the appointment of an independent compliance monitor (the Mon-
itor). On December 30, 2022, the Monitor certified to the Issuer's implementation of an effective 
anti-corruption compliance program and submitted her final certification report on January 31, 2023. 
The DOJ and SEC have accepted the Monitor's certification and the NPA and SEC Order expired 
on March 1, 2023 and March 29, 2023, respectively. While we continue to make significant invest-
ments in our compliance and financial controls and in our compliance, legal and financial organiza-
tions (including certain remaining recommendations of the Monitor) and are fully committed to com-
pliance with the FCPA and other applicable anti-bribery laws, we cannot ensure that our internal 
control policies and procedures always will protect us from deliberate, reckless or inadvertent acts 
of our employees or third-party intermediaries that contravene our compliance policies or violate 
applicable laws. Our continued expansion, including in developing countries, could increase the 
risk of such violations in the future. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could 
disrupt our business and result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
In 2015, we self-reported to the German prosecutor conduct with a potential nexus to Germany and 
continued to cooperate with government authorities in Germany in their review of the conduct that 
prompted our and the U.S. government investigations. 
1.3 
Risks Relating to Our Business Activities and Industry 
1.3.1 
If physicians and other referral sources cease referring patients to our health care 
service businesses and facilities or cease purchasing or prescribing our products, 
our revenues would decrease 
In providing services within our health care business, we depend upon patients choosing our health 
care facilities as the location for their care. Patients may select a facility based, in whole or in part, 
on the recommendation of their physician. Physicians and other clinicians typically consider a num-
ber of factors when recommending a particular dialysis facility, dialysis home program, pharmacy, 
physician practice, vascular surgery center, or cardiac catheterization center to an ESRD patient, 
including the quality of care, the competency of staff, convenient scheduling, and location and phys-
ical condition. Physicians may change their recommendations, which may result in the movement 
of new or existing patients to competing facilities, including facilities established by the physicians 
themselves. At most of our dialysis clinics and home programs, a relatively small number of physi-
cians often account for the referral of all or a significant portion of the patient base. We have no 
ability to dictate these recommendations and referrals. If a significant number of physicians or other 
referral sources cease referring their patients to our facilities and home programs or stop purchas-
ing or prescribing our dialysis products, this would reduce our health care revenue and could ma-
terially adversely affect our overall operations. 
1.3.2 
As a company with operations spanning around 150 countries, we face specific 
risks from our global operations 
We operate dialysis clinics in around 40 countries and sell a range of products and services to 
customers in around 150 countries. Our global operations are subject to a number of risks, including 
but not limited to the following:

--- Page 22 ---
22 
• 
the economic and political situation in certain countries or regions could deteriorate, be-
come unstable, or lead to armed conflict, as exemplified by the Ukraine War;  
• 
geopolitical factors could intensify fluctuations in exchange rates, currency devaluations, 
and/or material increases in interest rates (for example, as a reaction from central banks 
to high inflation), any of which could adversely affect profitability and all of which have 
been heightened by the Ukraine War; 
• 
sovereign rating agency downgrades coupled with an economic downturn in various re-
gions or as a result of geopolitical conflicts in certain regions (for example, the Ukraine 
War) could result in impairment of our goodwill, investments or other assets due to de-
creases in the recoverable amount of those assets relative to their book value; 
• 
we could face difficulties in enforcing and collecting accounts receivable under some 
countries' legal systems; 
• 
local regulations could restrict our ability to obtain a direct ownership interest in dialysis 
clinics or other operations; 
• 
some countries or economic unions may impose charges or restrictions, such as local 
content requirements, which restrict the importation of our products or give local manu-
facturers an advantage in tenders or provide large discounts to providers for certain pur-
chases of our products; 
• 
potential increases in tariffs and trade barriers could occur affecting both the sale of our 
products and importation of products and product components, including upon any with-
drawal by the U.S. or other countries from multilateral trade agreements or the imposition 
of sanctions, retaliatory tariffs and other countermeasures in the wake of trade disputes 
and geopolitical conflicts and wars in certain regions (for example the Ukraine War); 
• 
we could experience transportation delays or interruptions or higher energy costs or en-
ergy shortages; 
• 
growth and expansion into emerging markets could cause us difficulty due to greater reg-
ulatory barriers than in the U.S. or Western Europe, the necessity of adapting to new 
regulatory systems, and problems related to entering new markets with different eco-
nomic, social, legal and political systems and conditions and 
• 
we may not prevail in competitive contract tenders. 
Any one or more of these or other factors relevant to global operations could increase our costs, 
reduce our revenues, or disrupt our operations, with possible material adverse impact on our busi-
ness and financial condition.  
Certain countries in which we market, manufacture or sell our products do not have laws which 
protect our intellectual property to the same degree as those in the U.S. or elsewhere and our 
competitors may gain market position by designing products that infringe upon our intellectual prop-
erty rights. An inability to protect our intellectual property in these countries could have an adverse 
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
We conduct humanitarian-related business and provide life-sustaining health care products and 
services directly or indirectly in sanctioned countries, such as Russia, Belarus, Iran and Syria. We 
believe our humanitarian-related business is permitted by applicable sanctions regimes (or, in some 
cases is excluded from such regimes), and in light of the humanitarian nature of our products and 
services and the patient communities that benefit from our products, we expect to continue such

--- Page 23 ---
23 
activities, provided they continue to be permissible under or excluded from applicable export con-
trols and economic sanctions. Life-sustaining health care products are usually not subject to trade 
sanctions/export controls. However, as a result of the escalation of EU, U.S. and other countries' 
trade sanctions targeting Russia and Belarus, certain spare parts and components for our products 
fall under product categories subject to restrictions. Sanctions programs often, but do not always, 
provide for certain exemptions or availability of licensure for medical or pharmaceutical purposes. 
Furthermore, product registration procedures may be affected in case technology/technical infor-
mation on products or components to be submitted in such procedures is or becomes subject to 
export or transfer restrictions for a relevant country and in case relevant licenses cannot be ob-
tained, which ultimately may also have an impact on marketability of affected products. At the date 
of this Prospectus, we expect that such risk would mostly be limited to product registration proce-
dures in Russia and Belarus as a result of the escalation of EU, U.S. and other countries' trade 
sanctions targeting Russia and Belarus, but it may also affect Eurasian Economic Union (EAEU) 
product registration procedures in other EAEU member states in case these involve an information 
exchange with Russian/Belarusian authorities of restricted technology/technical information and in 
case relevant licenses cannot be obtained. A violation of applicable economic sanctions or export 
controls laws and regulations could subject us to enforcement actions. Possible enforcement ac-
tions vary between jurisdictions and depend on the factual circumstances of the given violation, but 
could include criminal penalties, imprisonment of responsible individuals, administrative or civil pen-
alties, restricted access to certain markets and reputational harm, among others. Our internal poli-
cies and procedures may not protect us from deliberate, reckless or inadvertent acts of our employ-
ees or agents that contravene our compliance policies or violate applicable laws.  
1.3.3 
If we fail to estimate, price for and manage medical costs in an effective manner, 
the profitability of our value and risk-based care programs could decline and could 
materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and 
cash flows 
Through our value and risk-based care programs, we assume the risk of both medical and admin-
istrative costs for certain patients in return for fixed periodic payments or potential reimbursement 
based on our achievement against set benchmark targets from governmental and commercial in-
surers. Specifically in the U.S., our participation in various value and risk-based care programs 
includes CMS' Comprehensive Kidney Care Contracting (CKCC) model and capitation, risk-based 
or shared savings agreements with commercial insurers in which Fresenius Medical Care Holdings, 
Inc. receives fixed periodic payments against set benchmark targets to cover all or a defined portion 
of the medical costs of a defined population of patients.  
Our profitability in our value-based agreements and risk products depends in part upon our ability 
to negotiate favorable financial terms, to manage a patient's care, to collaborate with our payor 
partners, to coordinate with other health care providers, to accurately document patients' health 
conditions for risk adjustment, and to find cost efficient, medically appropriate sites of service for 
our patients. Any failure to do so would limit our ability to improve the quality of patient care and 
health outcomes and to reduce medically unnecessary costs, which could lead to poorer perfor-
mance under value and risk-based care programs. 
The reserves that we establish in connection with the operation of our value and risk-based care 
programs are based upon assumptions and judgments concerning a number of factors, including 
trends in health care costs, expenses, patient hospitalization rates and other factors. To the extent 
the actual claims experience is less favorable than estimated based on our underlying assumptions, 
our incurred losses would increase, and future earnings could be adversely affected.  
CMS relied on authority granted by the ACA to implement the CKCC model and seeks to deliver 
better health outcomes for ESRD patients while lowering CMS' costs. Efforts to repeal or replace 
the ACA, while unsuccessful to date, continue. For further information, see "1.1.1. We operate in a

--- Page 24 ---
24 
highly regulated industry such that the potential for legislative reform provides uncertainty and po-
tential threats to our operating models and results". 
1.3.4 
Our sales and earnings growth depends, in part, on our ability to develop and ex-
pand our core kidney care business, efficiently manage costs and execute our port-
folio optimization plan to exit non-core and dilutive assets, as well as realize antic-
ipated cost savings within our expected timeframe 
The health care industry experiences continuing consolidation, particularly among health care pro-
viders, as well as pressure on reimbursement and increasing costs, which requires us to identify 
both growth opportunities and efficiencies in the way we operate. Continuing consolidation in our 
industry could adversely affect our ability to find suitable acquisition targets and to increase future 
growth and product sales.  
We also compete with other health care companies in seeking suitable acquisition targets and de-
veloping our core health care businesses. Our ability to make future acquisitions as well as develop 
our core kidney care business depends, in part, on the appropriate strategic target selection, the 
availability of financial resources and the current restrictions imposed by competition laws. The 
integration of acquired businesses may cause problems, e.g., by assuming unknown liabilities, un-
derperformance subsequent to integration, associated requirements from competition authorities, 
or non-compliant business practices not disclosed by the seller or not uncovered during due dili-
gence, any or all of which may result in our incurring unanticipated costs.  
Our strategy includes the continuing transformation of our operating model into a significantly sim-
plified structure of two global operating segments embodying a more centralized approach (FME25 
Program) and reviewing our business portfolio, specifically with a view to exiting unsustainable 
markets and non-core businesses and the cessation of certain R&D programs to enable more fo-
cused capital allocation towards areas in our core business that are expected to have higher prof-
itable growth. In addition, we are planning a limited launch to targeted Fresenius Kidney Care clinics 
in order to establish high-volume hemodiafiltration (HVHDF) as a new standard of care in the U.S. 
dialysis industry, beginning in 2025 with a broader commercial launch in 2026 and beyond. 
While we believe the FME25 Program and the review of our business portfolio, mainly due to exiting 
unsustainable markets and divesting non-core businesses, as well as the cessation of certain R&D 
programs to enable more focused capital allocation towards areas in our core business that are 
expected to have higher profitable growth (Legacy Portfolio Optimization) are providing us with 
a more efficient way of both managing and growing the business, the amounts of anticipated cost 
savings and anticipated expenses related thereto as well as the effectiveness of the planned 
HVHDF launch in the U.S. involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may 
cause the timing of actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different. Assump-
tions relating to the FME25 Program and the achievement of the aforementioned cost savings within 
the specified timeframe involve subjective decisions and judgments with respect to, among other 
things, the estimated impact of certain operational adjustments, labor management and labor rela-
tions (including our commitment to consult with works councils and other workplace representatives 
in good faith), and other cost and savings adjustments, as well as future economic, competitive, 
industry and market conditions and possible unanticipated effects from acquisitions, all of which 
are inherently uncertain and may not be completely within the control of our management. Although 
the Issuer's management believes these estimates and assumptions related to the timing of these 
savings to be reasonable, there can be no assurance that the estimates described herein will prove 
to be accurate, result in anticipated operational efficiencies or be implemented according to our 
previously announced timing. We expect that our security holders, investors and other stakeholders 
will monitor both whether we achieve our anticipated FME25 Program cost savings at our antici-
pated implementation cost levels and whether we meet our announced timing in doing so. Failure 
to realize the expected cost savings from the FME25 Program within our announced timeframe 
described above could adversely impact the market for our securities and availability of financing,

--- Page 25 ---
25 
which, in addition, could limit our future growth, including growth in either our revenues or earnings 
within our health care services and products businesses. Any or all of these factors generally could 
have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
1.3.5 
Our pharmaceutical product business could lose sales to generic drug manufac-
turers or new branded drugs 
Our branded pharmaceutical product business is subject to significant risk as a result of competition 
from manufacturers of generic drugs and other new competing medicines or therapies. The expira-
tion or loss of patent protection for one of our products, the "at-risk" launch by a generic manufac-
turer of a generic version of one of our branded pharmaceutical products or the launch of new 
branded drugs that compete with one or more of our products could result in the loss of a major 
portion of sales of that branded pharmaceutical product in a very short time period, which could 
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.  
1.3.6 
Our competitors could develop superior technology or otherwise take advantage 
of new competitive developments that impact our sales 
We face numerous competitors in both our health care services business and our dialysis products 
business, some of whom may possess substantial financial, marketing or R&D resources. Compe-
tition from new and existing competitors, and especially new competitive developments such as 
pharmaceuticals that reduce the progression of chronic kidney disease, and innovations in technol-
ogy and care delivery models could materially adversely affect the future pricing and sale of our 
products and services. In 2023, a study on glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonists, re-
garding its effectiveness in treating chronic kidney disease experienced by diabetic patients was 
terminated early as a result of the study having met certain prespecified clinical endpoints. GLP-1 
receptor agonist utilization together with sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitors in the 
chronic kidney disease population suggest a slight increase in the total chronic kidney disease 
population and a slight reduction in the ESRD population growth rate that remain materially con-
sistent with the patient population forecasts which do not include the utilization of these drugs. While 
the positive cardiovascular effects of the drugs, reducing mortality, as well as the progression-de-
laying effect of the drugs on the chronic kidney disease population indicate a balanced effect of 
these drugs on our patient population, we cannot ensure that further developments or changes in 
population will not lead to a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In 
particular, technological innovation has historically been a significant competitive factor in the dial-
ysis products business. The introduction of new products or services by competitors could qualify 
them for certain additional payments for new and innovative equipment or render one or more of 
our products or services less competitive or even obsolete, which could also affect, among other 
items, our sales and distribution of pharmaceuticals for which, to some extent, we are obligated to 
make certain minimum annual royalty payments. 
1.3.7 
Global economic conditions as well as disruptions in financial markets could have 
an adverse effect on our businesses 
We are dependent on the conditions of the financial markets and the global economy. In order to 
pursue our business, we are reliant on capital markets, as are our renal product customers and 
commercial health care insurers. Limited or more expensive access to capital in the financial mar-
kets could adversely affect our business and profitability. Among other things, the potential decline 
in federal and state revenues in a prolonged economic slowdown or recession could create addi-
tional pressures to contain or reduce reimbursements for our services from public payors around 
the world, including Medicare and Medicaid in the U.S. and other government sponsored programs 
in the U.S. and other countries around the world. Devaluation of currencies such as the impact from 
hyperinflationary economies as well as fluctuations in currencies as a result of geopolitical conflicts, 
unfavorable interest rate changes and worsening economic conditions, uncertainty arising from ge-
opolitical conflicts regarding a possible deterioration of the global macroeconomic outlook, including

--- Page 26 ---
26 
inflationary cost increases in various markets in connection with deteriorating country credit ratings 
increase the risk of a goodwill impairment, which could lead to a partial or total goodwill write-off in 
the affected cash generating units, or have a negative impact on our investments and external 
partnerships. In addition, uncertainty as well as volatility in global financial markets, including the 
banking sector, and inflation could adversely affect the valuations of certain of our investments, 
interest rate-sensitive assets or liabilities or variable interest rates payable under our credit facilities 
or could make it more difficult to obtain or renew such facilities or to obtain other forms of financing 
in the future should access to these capital markets become restricted. Inflationary cost increases 
have also had and may continue to have an unfavorable effect on our business, especially if the 
prices and reimbursement rates for our products and services remain unchanged or do not ade-
quately track against cost increases.  
We have seen challenges in the labor market, in particular in the U.S., resulting in staff shortages, 
high turnover rates and meaningfully higher costs, which have and could continue to impact our 
growth, specifically in U.S. health care services where labor constraints affected our ability to in-
crease treatment volumes. These impacts, combined with uncertainty in the macroeconomic envi-
ronment, driving inflationary cost increases and supply chain constraints, have had a materially 
adverse effect on our results of operations. The current uncertainty in the macroeconomic environ-
ment has also intensified the risk that price increases and restricted access related to energy com-
modities, including the costs of oil, gas and electricity, may occur. Our implemented countermeas-
ures may not offset a significant increase in prices which could result in an adverse effect on our 
results of operations going forward. 
Job losses or increases in unemployment rates could result in a smaller percentage of our patients 
being covered by employer group health plans and a larger percentage being covered by lower 
paying government reimbursement programs. To the extent that our commercial payors are nega-
tively impacted by a decline in the economy, we may experience further pressure on commercial 
rates, a further slowdown in collections and a reduction in the amounts we are able to collect. Any 
or all of these factors, or other consequences of the continuation, or worsening, of domestic and 
global economic conditions which cannot currently be predicted, could continue to have a material 
adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations. 
1.3.8 
We could be adversely affected if we experience shortages of goods or material 
price increases from our suppliers, or an inability to access new and improved 
products and technology 
Our business is dependent on the reliable supply of several raw materials and finished components 
for production and service purposes. If we are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of these mate-
rials at times of limited availability of such materials, this could result in delays in production or loss 
of sales and hence have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Similarly, price increases 
by suppliers (including from the impact of inflation) and the inability to access new products or 
technology could also adversely affect our results of operations. In particular, the lingering macro-
economic inflationary environment, together with geopolitical conflicts, have resulted in and could 
continue to lead to, among other consequences, material increases in costs for energy, supplies 
and transportation. Disruptions in supply, coupled with labor shortages, absenteeism and turnover 
as well as labor cost increases have resulted and could continue to result in a negative impact on 
our business. All of these factors introduce additional risk to our operations and exposure to legal 
liability in the delivery of our goods and services.  
Our procurement risk mitigation efforts include (i) the development of partnerships with strategic 
suppliers through framework contracts, (ii) where reasonably practicable, at least two sources for 
all supply and price-critical primary products (dual sourcing, multiple sourcing), and (iii) measures 
to prevent loss of suppliers, such as risk analyses as well as continuous supply chain monitoring. 
Any failure of these measures to mitigate disruptive goods shortages and potential price increases 
or to allow access to favorable new product and technology developments could have an adverse

--- Page 27 ---
27 
impact on our business and financial condition. In some cases, for reasons of quality assurance, 
cost effectiveness, or availability, certain components or raw materials needed to manufacture our 
products are obtained from a sole supplier. A failure of any of our single-source suppliers to fulfil 
their contractual obligations in a timely manner or as a result of regulatory noncompliance or phys-
ical disruption at a manufacturing site could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and distrib-
ute our products in a timely or cost-effective manner, and our ability to make product sales. Due to 
the stringent regulations and requirements of regulatory agencies, including the U.S. Food and 
Drug Administration (FDA), regarding the manufacture of our products, we may not be able to 
quickly establish additional or replacement sources.  
 
1.3.9 
Any material disruption in government operations and funding could have a mate-
rial adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations 
A substantial portion of our revenues depends on government health care program reimbursement, 
and any disruptions in government operations could have a material adverse impact on our busi-
ness, financial condition and results of operations. If the governments with which we do business 
default on their debts, there could be broad macroeconomic effects that could raise our cost of 
borrowing funds, and delay or prevent our future growth and expansion. Any future government 
shutdown, government default on debt, decline in government revenues during a prolonged eco-
nomic slowdown and/or failure of governments to enact annual appropriations could have a material 
adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, material 
disruptions in government operations may negatively impact regulatory approvals and guidance 
that are important to our operations and create uncertainty about the pace of upcoming health care 
regulatory developments.  
1.3.10 
If we are unable to attract and retain skilled medical, technical, engineering or key 
strategic personnel, or if legislative, union, other labor-related activities or changes 
or employee absenteeism and turnover result in significant increases in our oper-
ating costs or decreases in productivity, we may be unable to manage our growth, 
continue our technological development or execute our strategy 
Our continued growth in the health care business will depend upon our ability to attract and retain 
a skilled workforce, including highly skilled nurses, technicians and other medical personnel. Our 
health care products business depends on the development of new products, technologies and 
treatment concepts to be competitive, and for that we need to attract the best and most talented 
people, especially in R&D. Competition for those employees is intense and shortages for these 
sought-after employees, such as nurses, or skilled engineers and R&D personnel, as well as in-
creased reliance on contracted nurses and other personnel, have increased our personnel and 
recruiting costs and may continue to do so, and/or could impair our reputation for production of 
technologically advanced products. In recent years, we experienced and may continue to experi-
ence, greater employee absenteeism and turnover and longer recruiting cycles which negatively 
impact our ability to produce and deliver the goods and services that we provide to our customers 
and our patients, as well as increased personnel costs. Moreover, we believe that future success 
in the provider business will be significantly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified 
physicians to serve as employees of or consultants to our health care services businesses.  
Additionally, in recruiting, employing and retaining personnel, we may be exposed to increasing 
risks relating to various labor and staffing laws, legislative, union, or other labor-related activities or 
changes. These factors could also impact the integration of acquired companies into our opera-
tions, which could increase our costs, decrease our productivity and prevent us from realizing syn-
ergies from acquisitions. If we are unable to manage the risks above, then our growth and results 
of operations could be adversely impacted.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
1.3.11 
If we are unable to meet applicable legal requirements and/or market expectations 
with respect to sustainability, both our business and our reputation could suffer. 
We could be subject to fines and other financial burdens associated with global 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) regulations, laws and activities, and 
we could alienate our patients, employees, customers, partners, investors and the 
communities we serve. Furthermore, if we do not meet investors' or certain mar-
kets' ESG standards, the market for our securities could be adversely impacted 
Companies' ESG activities are facing increased scrutiny from stakeholders such as institutional and 
other investors, regulatory bodies and non-governmental organizations (NGOs). Failure to effec-
tively identify, carry out and manage the necessary sustainability and related reporting activities as 
required or expected, as well as effectually manage the impact of factors beyond our control, could 
cause us to incur additional costs or damage our brand. We could also be subject to financial and 
other penalties imposed by the respective authorities in the jurisdictions in which we do business. 
For example, a rise in prices of carbon emission rights stemming from the requirements of Euro-
pean Climate Law could increase our production costs. Such cost increases could have an adverse 
effect on our operations and results if we do not accurately plan for, and effectively implement, 
necessary sustainable business practices. Additionally, we entered into several virtual power pur-
chasing agreements with wind and solar energy project developers in Germany and in the U.S. in 
order to receive guarantees of origin and renewable energy certificates, respectively, to address 
our sustainability objectives. However, volatility in the valuation of financial instruments connected 
to energy prices or energy production volumes, including as a result of the heightened risk of vola-
tility due to geopolitical conflicts in certain regions, could result in a material adverse effect on our 
business or results of operations. 
In addition to environmental risks, we also face several social risks. High staff turnover is a risk, not 
only due to the expense associated with hiring and training new staff, but also because it could 
affect our ability to serve our patients (see "1.3.10. If we are unable to attract and retain skilled 
medical, technical, engineering or key strategic personnel, or if legislative, union, other labor-related 
activities or changes or employee absenteeism and turnover result in significant increases in our 
operating costs or decreases in productivity, we may be unable to manage our growth, continue 
our technological development or execute our strategy" above). Furthermore, companies are in-
creasingly expecting their suppliers to share their commitment to sustainability and demonstrate 
sustainable business practices across their supply chains, including the ability to identify and miti-
gate risks related to human rights in their entire value chain in connection with the requirements of 
the German Supply Chain Due Diligence Act (Lieferkettensorgfaltspflichtengesetz) and other 
regulations, especially those passed or proposed within the EU. If we fail to comply with our legal 
obligations related to supply chain due diligence, we could face significant fines and be excluded 
from public tenders and contracts. We could also suffer reputational damage, especially given that 
our performance in this area is closely monitored by NGOs, investors and others.  
In light of these expectations, among other aspects, we have incorporated sustainability as a per-
formance target for the compensation of the Issuer's management board. Should management fail 
to meet these outcomes, investors and/or debt providers may not deem us the correct fit for their 
investment or financing purposes, thereby negatively impacting our share price or our ability to 
source funding through debt financing. Our EUR 2 billion syndicated multicurrency sustainability-
linked revolving credit facility agreement entered in July 2021 (Syndicated Credit Facility), which 
serves as a backup facility, includes a sustainability component, pursuant to which the credit facili-
ty's margin for any outstanding borrowings will rise or fall depending on our sustainability perfor-
mance.  
A heightened focus by certain regulators and other stakeholders on ESG topics may result in more 
extensive regulatory requirements aimed at mitigating the effects of climate change and other cur-
rent and future ESG-related developments as well as possible challenges in complying with differ-
ing ESG standards and possible increased opposition to initiatives we undertake to meet our ESG

--- Page 29 ---
29 
goals. Should further regulation (such as climate disclosure requirements for entities with opera-
tions in California, U.S.) or stakeholder expectations be more stringent in the future, we may expe-
rience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet regulatory obligations and we cannot cur-
rently estimate what impact existing and future regulations will have on our business, financial con-
dition and results of operations. 
1.3.12 
We are subject to risks associated with unpredictable events, such as public health 
crises and epidemics/pandemics or other significant events beyond our control 
We operate dialysis facilities or manufacturing facilities in many regions of the world, with diverse 
geographic, societal, political and economic conditions and we are subject to unpredictable events 
beyond our control such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, social unrest or public health crises 
such as epidemics or pandemics from, for example, virus infections. Given the already compro-
mised health condition of our typical dialysis patients, our patients represent a heightened at-risk 
population, particularly, but not limited to, during an epidemic or a pandemic which could lead to 
decreased treatments and increases in mortality rates in our patient population, resulting in an ad-
verse impact on our operations. The severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 and the 
related Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) global pandemic resulted in higher costs incurred to ad-
dress staffing shortages, implement preventive measures to protect patients, employees and oth-
ers, as well as a material deterioration of supply chains and the conditions of the global economy 
and financial markets. Any such unforeseeable events could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
1.3.13 
We need to develop new internal functions to perform certain business services 
that Fresenius SE provided to us prior to the Conversion 
Prior to the change of the Issuer's legal form from a partnership limited by shares (Kommanditge-
sellschaft auf Aktien) into a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) (Conversion), as part of the 
consolidated group of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (Fresenius SE Group), we received certain es-
sential capabilities that we did not then and currently do not independently have (either in full or in 
part). As a result of the Conversion, certain functions and services previously provided by Fresenius 
SE & Co. KGaA (Fresenius SE) are to be established and/or provided internally. As part of the 
Conversion process, we entered into a series of transitional services agreements with Fresenius 
SE for various durations at a cost that we consider to be comparable to the costs we incurred for 
such services prior to the Conversion. While we have made progress in establishing internal capa-
bilities for some of these functions, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to establish these 
functions after the transitional services period without experiencing material adverse effects on our 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
1.4 
Risks Relating to Taxation and Accounting 
1.4.1 
There are significant risks associated with estimating the amount of health care 
service revenues that we recognize that could impact the timing of our recognition 
of revenues or have a significant impact on our operating results and financial con-
dition 
There are significant risks associated with estimating the amount of revenues from health care 
services that we recognize in a reporting period. 
• 
The billing and collection process is complicated due to a number of factors including 
insurance coverage changes, geographic coverage differences, differing interpretations 
of plan benefits and managed care contracts, and uncertainty about reimbursement from 
payors with whom we are not contracted.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
• 
Laws and regulations governing Medicare, Medicaid and other federal programs are ex-
tremely complex, changing and subject to interpretation. 
• 
Determining applicable primary and secondary insurance coverage for an extensive num-
ber of patients at any point in time, together with the changes in patient coverage that 
occur each month or changes in plan benefits, requires complex, resource-intensive pro-
cesses. Errors in determining the correct coordination of benefits may result in refunds to 
payors. 
• 
The complexity of estimating revenues from a primary payor also brings complexity to 
estimating revenues from secondary payors and patients. 
• 
Collections, refunds and payor retractions may continue to occur for up to three years or 
longer after services are provided. 
If our estimates of revenues are materially inaccurate, it could impact the timing and amount of our 
recognition of revenues and have a significant impact on our operating results and financial condi-
tion.  
1.4.2 
Diverging views of fiscal authorities or changes in tax legislation could require us 
to make additional tax payments 
We are subject to potential changes in tax legislation as well as to ongoing tax audits in Germany, 
the U.S. and other jurisdictions. We have received notices of unfavorable adjustments and disal-
lowances in connection with certain of these audits. Additionally, tax legislation in countries in which 
we operate is subject to constant change and development. For example, legislation seeking to 
impose additional income taxes against discriminatory or territorial tax of foreign jurisdictions could 
have negative effects on the amount of income tax expense which are currently unpredictable. If 
we are unsuccessful in contesting the above-mentioned notices or other unfavorable determina-
tions or if tax legislation changes unfavorably in countries in which we operate, we could be required 
to make additional tax payments, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
1.4.3 
A dependency on the payment behavior and decision-making of our business part-
ners can affect the collectability of accounts receivable 
Our health care product business and our dialysis services business differ across the regions in 
which we operate. In many cases, our products and services are paid for, either directly or indirectly, 
by government institutions. We believe the risk of default from a government payor is generally low 
to moderate worldwide which could, however, prove to be wrong, particularly in the event of a 
budget approval impasse or government shutdown which could result in significant payment delays 
even if it does not create a default. On a country level, the payor base is characterized by distinct 
customer or payor groups which can range in volume from a few customers to a considerable 
amount of customer types which have varying levels of risk associated with default or non-payment 
of receivables as well as risks for dependencies based upon the competition within low volume 
customer base environments. In certain cases, a resulting dependency on the payment behavior 
and decision-making of our business partners (for example, a decision to discontinue tender con-
tracts) can affect the collectability of accounts receivable and can adversely affect our business, 
results of operations and financial condition. Our measures aiming to mitigate these risks by actively 
negotiating long-term contracts with major customers, targeted marketing activities, developing new 
product and pricing models as well as improving the quality of our services and products, could be 
insufficient or ineffective.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
1.5 
Risks Relating to Our Financial Condition and Our Securities 
1.5.1 
Our indebtedness may prevent us from fulfilling our debt-service obligations or 
implementing certain elements of our business strategy 
At December 31, 2024, we had consolidated debt (including lease liabilities as well as debt and 
lease liabilities included within liabilities directly associated with assets held for sale) of EUR 10,988 
million and consolidated total shareholders' equity of EUR 15,769 million (EUR 12,187 million and 
EUR 14,827 million, respectively, at December 31, 2023). Our debt could jeopardize the successful 
execution of our business strategy, increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic condi-
tions, limit our ability to obtain necessary financing to fund future working capital needs, capital 
expenditures, payment of dividends and other general corporate requirements, require us to dedi-
cate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations, as well as the proceeds of certain fi-
nancings and asset dispositions, to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability 
of our cash flow and such proceeds to fund other purposes, limit our flexibility in reacting to changes 
in our business and the industry in which we operate, place us at a competitive disadvantage com-
pared to our competitors that have less debt, limit our ability to pursue possible future acquisitions 
and sell assets, make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations under our debt securities, and 
limit our ability to borrow additional funds.  
Additionally, a deterioration of our current rating could lead to a reintroduction of financial cove-
nants, could limit our financial flexibility, increase our financing costs or limit access to funding. 
Our leverage makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the operating performance of our business, 
larger than normal fluctuations or volatility in our cash flow, or a downturn in economic conditions. 
Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to 
generate cash in the future, which is dependent on various factors. These factors include govern-
mental and private insurer reimbursement rates for medical treatment and general economic, fi-
nancial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. If our 
cash flow is not sufficient to meet our debt service and principal payment requirements, we could 
be required to refinance our obligations or to dispose of assets in order to meet such requirements. 
In addition, from time to time we need to refinance our existing debt as and when it matures. In 
either case, there is no guarantee that we will be able to refinance our existing indebtedness on 
terms comparable to those governing our existing indebtedness. If our cash flow is not sufficient to 
meet our debt service and principal payment requirements, or if we are unable to refinance our 
existing indebtedness on acceptable terms, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, 
financial condition, or results of operations.  
Our Syndicated Credit Facility and certain of our other financing instruments include covenants 
which, among other things, restrict or could have the effect of restricting our ability to dispose of 
assets and create liens, and restrict the indebtedness of our subsidiaries. These covenants may 
otherwise limit our activities as well. The breach of any of the covenants could result in a default 
and acceleration of the indebtedness under the respective financing agreements, which could, in 
turn, create additional defaults and acceleration of the indebtedness under the agreements relating 
to our other long-term indebtedness which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial 
condition and results of operations.  
The Issuer is not subject to any covenant that limits its ability to incur unsecured debt, regardless 
of our credit rating. If additional debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we 
now face from our indebtedness could intensify. 
1.5.2 
Although Fresenius SE no longer controls the Issuer through ownership of 100% 
of Fresenius Medical Care Management AG, its significant share of ownership, cer-
tain provisions of the Articles of Association and certain provisions of our

--- Page 32 ---
32 
trademark license from Fresenius SE enable Fresenius SE to retain significant in-
fluence over the management of the Issuer. 
Fresenius SE owns 28.55% of our outstanding shares as of March 7, 2025. Under the Issuer's 
articles of association (Articles of Association), Fresenius SE has the right to appoint two of the 
six shareholder representatives to the supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) of the Issuer (Supervisory 
Board) for as long as it holds 30% or more of the Issuer’s share capital and the right to appoint one 
of the six shareholder representatives to the Supervisory Board for as long as it holds at least 15% 
(but less than 30%) of the Issuer's share capital, and to dismiss those shareholder representatives. 
The chair of the Supervisory Board is one of the Fresenius SE representatives. In the case of a tie 
in the Supervisory Board, the chair has two votes in a new vote on the same matter if this also 
results in a tie. Under German law and the Articles of Association, certain matters requiring a res-
olution at the Issuer's general meeting of shareholders require a qualified majority of 75% of the 
share capital represented at the time of the vote, including capital increases and decreases, the 
creation of authorized and conditional capital, the issuance of convertible bonds, corporate 
measures such as mergers or spin-offs, the conclusion of intercompany agreements (Unterneh-
mensverträge) such as domination and/or profit and loss transfer agreements (Beherrschungs- 
und/oder Gewinnabführungsverträge), amendments to the Articles of Association, dissolution of the 
Issuer, a change in the legal form of the stock corporation and other fundamental changes. By 
virtue of its ownership of approximately 28.55% of the Issuer's share capital, Fresenius SE therefore 
has a de facto veto right over any such resolution or resolutions if and when proposed for adoption 
by the Issuer's shareholders. In addition, the Conversion and deconsolidation of the Issuer from the 
Fresenius SE Group resulted in the termination of certain voting restrictions on Fresenius SE’s 
shares in the Issuer, including a restriction on voting in the election of members of the Supervisory 
Board and members of Fresenius SE's management board are now eligible to seek election to and 
serve on the Supervisory Board. The present Fresenius SE designees on the Supervisory Board 
are the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of Fresenius SE.  
We use "Fresenius" in our name and trademarks under a royalty-free license from Fresenius SE. 
Under amendments to that license entered into in connection with the Conversion, Fresenius SE 
has the right to terminate the license if, among other causes, a direct competitor of Fresenius SE 
acquires control of the Issuer or any other third party acquires control of the Issuer and Fresenius 
SE, acting reasonably, expects such acquisition to result in a not insignificant risk of negative impact 
on the Fresenius brand. In both cases, "control" is defined as acquisition of 30% or more of the 
Issuer's shares. Such termination is with immediate effect, but we may continue using the “Frese-
nius” name for 18 months to facilitate rebranding efforts.  
As a result of its share ownership, its de facto veto right over shareholders' votes requiring a qual-
ified majority and its representation on the Supervisory Board (including the chair), Fresenius SE 
will continue to have the ability to exercise significant influence over the management of the Issuer 
in its form as an German Stock Corporation (Aktiengesellschaft), and the interests and rights of 
Fresenius SE could deviate from the interests of the Issuer. 
2. 
Risks Relating to the Notes 
The risk factors relating to the Notes are presented in the following categories depending on their 
nature with the most material risk factor presented first in each category:  
1. 
Risks Relating to the Nature and Ranking of the Notes 
2. 
Risks related to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes

--- Page 33 ---
33 
2.1 
Risks Relating to the Nature and Ranking of the Notes 
2.1.1 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to the claims of other creditors within the 
Group 
Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors, and cred-
itors holding indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will have priority with respect 
to the assets and earnings of the subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company 
(structural subordination).  
Accordingly, the Notes will be structurally subordinated to all creditors, including trade creditors, of 
the Issuer's subsidiaries. The Notes will effectively be pari passu with our outstanding bonds issued 
by us and our finance subsidiaries (collectively Bonds) due to the Issuer's guarantee of such 
Bonds. Any right of the Issuer to receive assets of its subsidiaries upon the insolvency or liquidation 
of the subsidiary (and the consequent rights of the holders of the Notes (the Holders) to participate 
in those assets) will be structurally subordinated to the claims of the subsidiary's creditors, except 
to the extent the Issuer's claims do not result from (i) its shareholdings, (ii) shareholder loans (or 
their economic equivalent) subordinated by law, or (iii) contractually subordinated claims, in which 
case the Issuer's claims would still be subordinated with respect to any assets of the subsidiary 
pledged to secure other indebtedness, and any indebtedness of the subsidiary senior to that held 
by the Issuer.  
2.1.2 
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to secured debt of the Issuer to the ex-
tent such debt is secured by assets that are not also securing the Notes 
Although the Terms and Conditions restrict the Issuer's and, under certain circumstances, its sub-
sidiaries' ability to provide security for the benefit of Capital Market Indebtedness and require the 
Issuer and, under certain circumstances, its subsidiaries to secure the Notes equally if they provide 
security for the benefit of Capital Market Indebtedness, the requirement to provide equal security 
to the Notes is subject to a number of significant exceptions and carve-outs, including but not limited 
to security for up to EUR 100 million of Capital Market Indebtedness. Capital Market Indebted-
ness means any obligation for the payment of borrowed money which is evidenced by a certificate 
of indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) or which is represented by any bond or debt security with 
an original maturity of more than one year which is, or is intended to be, or is capable of being listed 
or traded on a stock exchange or other recognized securities market. To the extent the Issuer pro-
vides asset security for the benefit of other debt without also securing the Notes, the Notes will be 
effectively subordinated to such debt to the extent of such assets and would be pari passu with 
such other debt to the extent the security did not satisfy such indebtedness. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of (present or future) secured debt of the Issuer may recover 
disproportionately more on their claims than the Holders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar 
proceeding. Accordingly, following satisfaction of all secured debt of the Issuer, the Issuer may not 
have sufficient assets remaining to make payments on the Notes.  
2.1.3 
The Issuer relies on distributions from its subsidiaries to meet its payment obliga-
tions 
The Issuer acts as the ultimate holding company for the Group. The Issuer does not have material 
independent operations and derives substantially all of its consolidated revenue from its direct or 
indirect operating subsidiaries. Consequently, the Issuer's cash flow and its ability to meet its obli-
gations under the Notes are dependent upon the profitability and cash flow of its subsidiaries and 
payments by such respective subsidiaries to the Issuer in the form of loans, dividends, fees, rental 
payments, or otherwise, as well as the Issuer's own credit arrangements. These are, in turn, subject 
to many of the same risks, limitations and uncertainties relating to the Issuer described elsewhere 
in this risk factor section.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
The ability of its subsidiaries to make payments to the Issuer may be restricted by, among other 
things, applicable corporate and other laws and regulations and by the terms of covenants and 
restrictions contained in financing agreements to which our subsidiaries will be a party. Any failure 
to comply with such covenants and restrictions could delay or preclude the distribution of dividend 
payments or any other similar payments to the Issuer. 
2.1.4 
Notes may be denominated in a foreign currency 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e., a currency other than euro) is particularly 
exposed to the risk of changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield and the 
redemption-value in domestic currency of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange rates result 
from various factors, such as the development of interest rates, macro-economic factors, specula-
tive transactions and interventions by central banks and governments.  
A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a corre-
sponding change in the euro value of Notes denominated in a currency other than euro and a 
corresponding change in the euro value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other 
than euro in accordance with the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the 
value of the euro rises correspondingly, the price of the Notes and the value of interest and principal 
payments made thereunder expressed in euro falls. In addition, government and monetary author-
ities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an 
applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected.  
2.1.5 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of 
market interest rate levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation 
rates or the lack of or excess demand for the relevant type of Note. The Holders are therefore 
exposed to the risk of an unfavorable development of market prices of their Notes which materialize 
if the Holders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If a Holder decides to hold the 
Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
In particular, a Holder of a fixed rate Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note falls as 
a result of an increase in the market interest rate levels. While the nominal interest rate of a fixed 
rate Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of such Note, the current 
interest rate in the capital market (market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. As the 
market interest rate changes, the price of a fixed rate Note also changes, but in the opposite direc-
tion. If the market interest rate increases, the price of a fixed rate Note typically falls, until the yield 
of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the market 
interest rate falls, the price of a fixed rate Note typically increases, until the yield of such Note is 
approximately equal to the market interest rate of comparable issues. If the Holder of a fixed rate 
Note holds such Note until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to 
such Holder as the Note will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
2.1.6 
There is presently no active public trading market for the Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Pro-
gram to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. In addition, the Program provides 
that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges or may not be listed at all. Regardless 
of whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance regarding the future development 
of a market for the Notes or the ability of Holders to sell their Notes or the price at which Holders

--- Page 35 ---
35 
may be able to sell their Notes. If such a market were to develop, the Notes could trade at prices 
that may be higher or lower than the initial offering price depending on many factors, including 
prevailing interest rates, the Group's operating results, the market for similar securities and other 
factors, including general economic conditions, performance and prospects, as well as recommen-
dations of securities analysts. The liquidity of, and the trading market for, the Notes may also be 
adversely affected by declines in the market for debt securities generally. Such a decline may affect 
any liquidity and trading of the Notes independent of the Group's financial performance and pro-
spects. If Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may, however, 
be more difficult to obtain which may affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. 
2.1.7 
A Holder of a floating rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate 
levels and uncertain interest income 
A Holder of a floating rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of floating 
rate Notes in advance. Neither the current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should 
be taken as an indication of the future development of such floating rate during the term of any 
Notes. 
Floating rate Notes may be structured to include caps or floors, or any combination of those fea-
tures. The effect of a cap is that the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the prede-
termined cap, so that the Holder will not be able to benefit from any actual favorable development 
beyond the cap. The yield could therefore be considerably lower than that of similar floating rate 
Notes without a cap. 
2.1.8 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in the Notes; they are not 
recommendations to buy or hold securities, and are subject to revision, suspen-
sion, or withdrawal at any time 
We expect that one or more independent credit rating agencies will assign credit ratings to the 
Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, 
additional risk factors discussed herein, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension, or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a credit 
rating will remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be reduced or 
withdrawn entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Any 
suspension, reduction, or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one or 
more of the credit rating agencies may adversely affect the cost and terms and conditions of our 
financings and could adversely affect the value and trading of such Notes. 
2.2 
Risks related to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
2.2.1 
We may not be able to make a change of control redemption upon demand 
Upon the occurrence of certain specified change of control events followed by a ratings decline, 
holders of the Notes will have the right to require that we purchase the Notes at a purchase price 
equal to 101% of their principal amount, plus any accrued but unpaid interest. Holders of certain of 
our other outstanding obligations, including our outstanding Bonds, have the same right upon the 
occurrence of such events. Our ability to repurchase Notes upon such a change of control event 
will be limited by our access to funds at the time of the repurchase. The source of funds for these 
repayments would be the available cash or cash generated from other sources. We cannot assure 
you that if an event that requires us to offer to repurchase the Notes occurs that we will have, or 
have access to, sufficient funds to pay the required purchase price for all of the Notes tendered to 
us by the Holders and all of the Bonds tendered to us by the holders of the Bonds. Our failure to 
purchase tendered Notes or Bonds would constitute a default under the Terms and Conditions

--- Page 36 ---
36 
governing the Notes and under the indentures or other instruments governing the Bonds not issued 
under the Program and or other financing agreements. 
2.2.2 
The Issuer may redeem the Notes early 
The Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to pay additional 
amounts (gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and 
Conditions. In addition, the applicable Final Terms will indicate if the Issuer has the right to call the 
Notes prior to maturity (optional call right), among others, (i) at the option of the Issuer for reason 
of minimal outstanding principal amount, (ii) at the option of the Issuer on any call redemption 
date(s) or within any call redemption period(s) at the call redemption amount specified in the Terms 
and Conditions, (iii) at the option of the Issuer at a price that includes the make-whole amount 
specified in the Terms and Conditions, (iv) upon the occurrence of a transaction trigger event at the 
early redemption amount as specified in the Terms and Conditions, and/or (v) if payments on the 
Notes are linked to a benchmark, upon occurrence of a benchmark event as specified in the Terms 
and Conditions, provided that it is not possible, in the opinion of the Issuer, to determine a successor 
benchmark as further specified in the Terms and Conditions.  
If the Issuer redeems the Notes prior to maturity or the Notes are subject to early redemption due 
to an early redemption event, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that due to such early 
redemption his investment might have a lower than expected yield. The Issuer can be expected to 
exercise its optional call right and redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes (after giving effect to any make-whole or other redemption premium). At 
those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in com-
parable securities at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being re-
deemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. In addition, the Issuer can be 
expected to exercise its optional call right if the yield on comparable notes in the capital market has 
fallen which means that the investor may only be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in com-
parable Notes with a lower yield. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of 
other investments available at that time. It should be noted that the Issuer may exercise any call 
right irrespective of market interest rates on a call date. 
Notes which include a redemption option by the Issuer are likely to have a lower market value than 
similar securities which do not contain an Issuer redemption option. An optional redemption feature 
is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to 
redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they may be redeemed. This may also be the case prior to any redemption period.  
In addition, investors who have purchased the Notes at a price above par are exposed to the risk 
that they lose part of their investment in the case of an early redemption of the Notes at par. 
2.2.3 
There are specific risks regarding floating rate Notes linked to EURIBOR and other 
interest rate benchmarks 
Furthermore, so-called benchmarks and other indices such as the EURIBOR and other indices 
which are deemed "benchmarks" (each a Benchmark and together the Benchmarks), to which 
the interest of floating rate notes might be linked to, have become the subject of regulatory scrutiny 
and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such Benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse 
effect on any Notes linked to such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the Benchmarks Regulation which is fully 
applicable since January 1, 2018.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Given that the Benchmarks Regulation does not apply to central banks and that €STR and SOFR 
are administered by the ECB and the Federal Reserve, respectively, €STR and SOFR may be used 
without any recognition, endorsement or equivalence. If the administrator of any of these reference 
rates changes in the future, such reference rate might fall within the scope of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, includ-
ing in any of the following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains author-
ization or is registered and in the case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU 
jurisdiction, if the European Commission adopts an implementing decision stating that the 
legal and supervisory framework of the non-EU jurisdiction is equivalent to the require-
ments under the Benchmarks Regulation (Article 30 Benchmarks Regulation), the admin-
istrator is recognized (Article 32 Benchmarks Regulation) or the Benchmark is endorsed 
(Article 33 Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to applicable transitional provisions). If this 
is not the case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted and might have to 
be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level, and could impact the Notes, including Calculation Agent determination of the rate 
or level in its discretion. 
As regards EURIBOR, the new hybrid calculation of EURIBOR has been adapted to the require-
ments of the Benchmarks Regulation. However, EURIBOR is also subject to constant review and 
revision. On September 13, 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the 
€STR as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 
October 2, 2019. Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current 
form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. It is 
currently not foreseeable whether EURIBOR will continue to exist permanently and beyond 2025. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could 
have a material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. 
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmarks Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, 
initiatives and investigations which may impact Benchmarks. Following the implementation of any 
such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, with the result 
that they may perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or 
there could be other consequences which cannot be predicted. 
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for floating 
rate Notes which are linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the 
fallback provisions applicable to such Notes, which in the end could lead, inter alia, to the determi-
nation of the applicable interest rate on the basis of another benchmark determined as further spec-
ified in the Terms and Conditions, or to a previously available rate of the Benchmark being applied 
until maturity of the floating rate Notes, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed 
rate of interest, or to an early termination of the relevant Notes at the option of the Issuer. Under 
these fallback provisions, the Benchmark will be substituted, if possible, by a replacement offered 
interest rate or an alternative offered interest rate determined by the Issuer (the latter after consul-
tation with an independent advisor). If this is not possible, the interest rate for the relevant interest 
period will be determined on the basis of the offered interest rate that was used for the last

--- Page 38 ---
38 
preceding interest period and such rate will continue to apply for future interest periods of the Notes 
until a replacement offered interest rate or an alternative offered interest rate will be determined by 
the Issuer in accordance with the fallback provisions. In addition, if, in the Issuer's opinion, it is not 
possible to determine a replacement offered interest rate or an alternative offered interest rate in 
accordance with the fallback provisions and if the Final Terms so provide, the Issuer will be entitled 
to call the Notes for redemption at their principal amount, together with interest accrued (if any). 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of a replacement offered interest rate or an alter-
native offered interest rate, the relevant further fallback provisions may not operate as intended at 
the relevant time. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives could 
have a material adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such 
regulations or requirements. Although it is uncertain whether or to what extent any of the above-
mentioned changes and/or any further changes in the administration or method of determining a 
Benchmark could have an effect on the value of any Notes linked to the relevant Benchmark, in-
vestors should be aware that any changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amounts payable on, floating rate Notes whose rate of 
interest is linked to such Benchmark. 
2.2.4 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates and the use of risk 
free rates is subject to important limitations 
Interest rates of floating rate Notes may be linked to SOFR or €STR (commonly referred to as Risk 
Free Rates). 
SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. treasury 
securities. SOFR may fail to gain market acceptance, which could result in reduced liquidity or 
increased volatility or could otherwise affect the return on and the market price of floating rate 
Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SOFR in the bond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SOFR based rates in other markets, such 
as the derivatives and loan markets. Prospective investors should carefully consider how any mis-
match between the adoption of SOFR across these markets may impact any hedging or other fi-
nancial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of the Notes. 
The level of Compounded SOFR applicable to a particular interest period and, therefore, the 
amount of interest payable with respect to such interest period will be determined on the relevant 
interest determination date for the floating rate Notes for such interest period. Because each such 
date is near the end of such interest period, holders of Notes will not know the amount of interest 
payable on the floating rate Notes with respect to a particular interest period until shortly prior to 
the related interest payment date and it may be difficult for holders of Notes to reliably estimate the 
amount of interest that will be payable on each such interest payment date. 
The Federal Reserve further notes on its publication page for SOFR that use of SOFR is subject to 
important limitations and disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve may alter the methods of 
calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or availability of the SOFR at any time 
without prior notice. 
€STR reflects the wholesale euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks. The 
rate is published for each T2 business day based on transactions conducted and settled on the 
previous day. The ECB notes that the use of €STR is subject to limitations and disclaimers, includ-
ing that the ECB may (i) materially change €STR methodology or the €STR determination process, 
or (ii) cease the determination and publication of €STR (in each case after consulting with stake-
holders to the extent it is possible or practicable and all as described in Guideline (EU) 2019/1265

--- Page 39 ---
39 
of the European Central Bank of July 10, 2019 on the Euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), 
as amended). 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to Risk Free Rates as a 
reference in the capital markets and as an alternative to EURIBOR and the London Interbank Of-
fered Rate (LIBOR). Specifically, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring 
alternative reference rates based on Risk Free Rates. The market or a significant part thereof may 
adopt an application of Risk Free Rates that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and 
Conditions. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference a Risk Free Rate to reliably 
estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Notes become 
due and payable, the rate of interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes became 
due and payable. 
Since the Risk Free Rates are published by third parties based on data received from other sources, 
the Issuer has no control over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guar-
antee that SOFR or €STR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in the respective Notes. If the manner in which the 
respective Risk Free Rate is calculated is changed, that change may result in a reduction of the 
amount of interest payable on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. Investors should not 
rely on any historical changes or trends in the respective Risk Free Rate as an indicator of future 
changes in the applicable Risk Free Rate. Also, since the Risk Free Rates are a relatively new 
market index, the Notes will likely have no established trading market when issued. Trading prices 
of the Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. Similarly, 
if the applicable Risk Free Rate does not prove to be widely used in securities like the Notes, the 
trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt securities linked to indices that are more 
widely used. Investors in the Notes may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to 
sell the Notes at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility 
and market risk. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision 
with respect to any such Notes. 
Investors should be aware that, if the relevant Risk Free Rate were temporarily unavailable or per-
manently discontinued, the rate of interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant Interest 
Period by the fallback provisions applicable to the Notes, which include, inter alia, the application 
of certain successor rates. 
Investors should further be aware that, if the relevant Risk Free Rate were permanently discontin-
ued, the rate of interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant Interest Period by fallback 
provisions which differ from those applicable in case the Risk Free Rate were temporarily unavail-
able. 
The application of the fallback provisions could result in the same interest rate being applied to the 
Notes until their maturity, effectively turning the Notes, which are supposed to pay a floating rate of 
interest, into debt instruments with a fixed rate of interest. In addition, if the same interest rate is 
being applied to the Notes until their maturity and if the Final Terms so provide, the Issuer will be 
entitled to call the Notes for redemption at their principal amount, together with interest accrued (if 
any). 
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, 
the Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any such Securities.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
2.2.5 
Any Holder is subject to the risk that its rights against the Issuer under the Terms 
and Conditions of the relevant Series of Notes are amended, reduced or even can-
celled by a majority resolution of the Holders 
If the Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for meetings of Holders of a Series of Notes or the 
taking of votes without a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes may be amended (as 
proposed or agreed by the Issuer) by majority resolution of the Holders of such Notes and any such 
majority resolution will be binding on all Holders. Any Holder is therefore subject to the risk that its 
rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Series of Notes are 
amended, reduced or even cancelled by a majority resolution of the Holders. Any such majority 
resolution will even be binding on Holders who have declared their claims arising from the Notes 
due and payable based on the occurrence of an event of default but who have not received payment 
from the Issuer prior to the amendment taking effect. According to the German Act on Debt Secu-
rities (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), the relevant majority for Holders' resolutions is gen-
erally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes 
outstanding. Therefore, any such resolution may effectively be passed with the consent of less than 
a majority of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. 
2.2.6 
If a Holders' Representative is appointed, a Holder may be deprived of its individual 
right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the 
Issuer 
If the Notes provide that the Holders of a Series of Notes are entitled to appoint a Holders' repre-
sentative (the Holders' Representative) by a majority resolution of such Holders or if a Holders' 
Representative has been appointed in the Terms and Conditions of a Series of Notes it is possible 
that a Holder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue and enforce its rights under the Terms 
and Conditions against the Issuer, such right passing to the Holders' Representative who is then 
exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders of the relevant Series of 
Notes. 
2.2.7 
Holders may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain 
events of default if the default notices are not delivered by the quorum of Holders 
required under the SchVG or if such acceleration is rescinded by majority resolu-
tion of the Holders 
The Terms and Conditions provide that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring 
the Notes due and payable shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such 
default notices from Holders representing at least 25 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of 
Notes then outstanding. Under the SchVG, even if a default notice is given by a sufficient number 
of Holders, this could be rescinded by majority resolution within three months. A simple majority of 
votes would be sufficient for a resolution on the rescission of such acceleration but, in any case, 
more Holders would have to consent to a rescission than have delivered default notices. Holders 
should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occur-
rence of certain events of default, unless the required quorum of Holders delivers default notices 
and such acceleration is not rescinded by majority resolution of the Holders.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
III. 
CONSENT TO THE USE OF THE PROSPECTUS 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing the 
Notes is entitled to use the Prospectus in Luxembourg and Germany for the subsequent resale or 
final placement of the relevant Notes during the respective offer period (as determined in the appli-
cable Final Terms) during which subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes can be 
made, if and to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided however, that the Pro-
spectus is still valid in accordance with Article 12(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer ac-
cepts responsibility for the content of the Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms also with re-
spect to such subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes. 
Such consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by the financial intermediaries 
may be restricted to certain jurisdictions and subject to conditions as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements 
published before such delivery. Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in elec-
tronic form on the web site of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). When using the 
Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain that it 
complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions. 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary, the 
Dealer and/or the further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the 
terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is made. 
Any Dealer and/or further financial intermediary using the Prospectus has to state on its 
website that it uses the Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions at-
tached thereto.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
IV. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
1. 
General Information 
The legal name of the Issuer is "Fresenius Medical Care AG". The Issuer and its subsidiaries con-
duct their business under the commercial name "Fresenius Medical Care". 
The Issuer is a holding company organized and existing under the laws of Germany. The Issuer 
was originally incorporated on August 5, 1996 as a stock corporation and was transformed into a 
partnership limited by shares (Kommanditgesellschaft auf Aktien) with Fresenius Medical Care 
Management AG, a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) and a wholly-owned subsidiary 
of Fresenius SE, as a general partner upon registration on February 10, 2006 under the legal name 
"Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA". 
At an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) of the Issuer on July 14, 2023, the Issuer's shareholders 
approved a change of the Issuer's legal form from a partnership limited by shares (Kommanditge-
sellschaft auf Aktien) into a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) under the legal name 
"Fresenius Medical Care AG" (the Conversion). The Conversion became effective upon registra-
tion with the Commercial Register on November 30, 2023. Upon effectiveness of the Conversion, 
the Issuer's former general partner exited the Issuer, Fresenius SE ceased to control (as defined 
by IFRS 10, consolidated financial statements) the Issuer and the Issuer ceased to be a member 
of the Fresenius SE consolidated group. Following the Conversion, Fresenius SE continued to hold 
32.2% of the Issuer's share capital (which was reduced to 28.55% in March 2025 upon Fresenius 
SE's sale of 10.6 million shares and issuance of EUR 600 million aggregate amount of bonds that 
are exchangeable for shares of the Issuer to be delivered by Fresenius SE). In announcing these 
transactions, Fresenius SE stated that it intends to retain no less than 25% plus one share of the 
Issuer's shares. 
The Issuer has its registered office (Sitz) in Hof (Saale), Germany, and is registered with the com-
mercial register of the local court (Amtsgericht) of Hof, Germany (Commercial Register), under 
the registration number HRB 6841. Its registered business address, and its principal office, is Else-
Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad Homburg v. d. Höhe, Germany, and its telephone number is +49-
6172-609-0. The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300CP8NY40UP89Q40. The web-
site of the Issuer is 'www.freseniusmedicalcare.com'. By furnishing our website address in this Pro-
spectus and/or referencing any documents posted thereon, however, we do not intend to incorpo-
rate any content from those documents or information on our website into this Prospectus. Any 
information in those documents or on our website should not be considered to be part of this Pro-
spectus, and has not been scrutinized or approved by the CSSF. 
2. 
Corporate Purpose 
Under Article 2 of its Articles of Association, the objects of the Issuer are: 
• 
the development, production and distribution of, as well as the trading in, products, sys-
tems and procedures in the areas of medical care and health care, including dialysis and 
associated forms of treatment, as well as the provision of any services in such areas; 
• 
the projecting, planning, establishment, acquisition and operation of health care busi-
nesses, including dialysis centers, also in separate enterprises or through third parties as 
well as the participation in such dialysis centers; 
• 
the development, production and distribution of other pharmaceutical products and the 
provision of services in this field;

--- Page 43 ---
43 
• 
the provision of advice in the medical and pharmaceutical areas as well as scientific in-
formation and documentation; 
• 
the provision of laboratory services for dialysis and non-dialysis patients and homecare 
medical services. 
Under Article 2 of the Articles of Association, the Issuer shall be entitled to enter into any and all 
business transactions and take any and all measures which seem to be necessary or useful to 
achieve the objects of the Issuer and may, in particular, participate in other enterprises of the same 
or similar kind, take over the management and/or the representation of such enterprises, transfer 
company divisions, including essential company divisions, to enterprises in which it holds an inter-
est and establish branches at home and abroad. 
The Issuer may limit its activities to a part of the activities specified above. The Issuer may also 
pursue its corporate objects, in whole or in part, through affiliated companies or companies in which 
the Issuer holds an interest (including joint ventures). 
3. 
Principal Activities 
The Issuer's principal activity is to act as holding company for its subsidiaries. For details on the 
Group's principal activities, please refer to "V. Business of the Group" below. 
4. 
Organizational Structure 
The following diagram depicts, in abbreviated form, the corporate structure of the Issuer and its 
significant subsidiaries as of the date of the Prospectus:  
 
 
Fresenius Medical Care AG
Germany
Fresenius Medical Care 
North America Holdings
Limited Partnership
Delaware, USA
Fresenius Medical Care
Holdings, Inc.
New York, USA
National Medical Care,
Inc.
Delaware, USA
Renal Care Group, Inc.
Delaware, USA
Fresenius Medical Care
Deutschland GmbH
Germany
Other international business
100 % direct or
indirect as well
as noncontrolling
interests
100 % 
(indirect)
100 % 
(indirect)
100 % 
100 % 
100 %

--- Page 44 ---
44 
5. 
Management and Supervisory Bodies 
5.1 
General 
The Issuer acts as the ultimate holding company of the Group. As a German stock corporation 
(Aktiengesellschaft), the corporate bodies of the Issuer are the management board (Vorstand) of 
the Issuer (the Management Board), the Supervisory Board and the general meeting of sharehold-
ers.  
5.2 
Management Board 
The Management Board manages the Issuer and conducts its business. Pursuant to the Articles of 
Association, the Management Board consists of at least two members. The number of members of 
the Management Board shall be determined by the Supervisory Board. 
Each member of the Management Board is appointed by the Supervisory Board for a maximum 
term of five years and is eligible for reappointment thereafter. Initial appointments are typically lim-
ited to a term of three years. The Supervisory Board has resolved a standard age limit for the 
Management Board members. Management Board members shall, as a rule, retire from the Man-
agement Board at the end of the calendar year in which they reach the age of 65 years. The Man-
agement Board member serving as the Global Chief Medical Officer, Mr. Franklin W. Maddux, M.D., 
who was originally appointed for the period until the end of 2022, reached the aforementioned 
standard age limit. In view of Mr. Maddux's extensive knowledge and the importance of the Global 
Medical Office in the Issuer's operating model, the Supervisory Board resolved to appoint Mr. Mad-
dux as a member of the Management Board for an additional five years, making an exception to 
the standard age limit. The exemption from the standard age limit is intended to ensure continuity 
of management in an area that is essential to our success. 
The Issuer's annual general meeting (ordentliche Hauptversammlung – AGM) held on May 16, 
2024 approved the "Compensation System 2024+" for the remuneration of the Management Board. 
The Management Board adopts resolutions at meetings by simple majority of votes cast, and out-
side the meetings by simple majority of its members. In case of a tie, the chair of the Management 
Board has the casting vote. 
The table below provides names, positions and principal activities outside the Group of the current 
members of the Management Board at the date of the Prospectus:  
Name 
Position 
Principal activities outside the Group 
Ms. Helen Giza 
Chief 
Executive 
Officer 
Member of the board of administrations of 
Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal 
Pharma Ltd. 
Non-executive director of Resonetics, LLC 
Mr. Martin Fischer 
Chief 
Financial 
Officer 
none 
 
 
 
Mr. Franklin W. Maddux, 
M.D. 
Global Chief Medical 
Officer 
Member of the board of administration of 
Vifor Fresenius Medical Care Renal 
Pharma Ltd.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
Issuer's board observer at Humacyte, Inc. 
Mr. Craig Cordola, Ed.D. 
Management 
Board 
member responsible 
for Care Delivery 
none 
Dr. Katarzyna Mazur-Hofsäß 
Management 
Board 
member responsible 
for Care Enablement 
Chairwoman of the supervisory board of 
Xenios AG 
Non-executive member of the board of di-
rectors of Smith & Nephew plc. 
Dr. Jörg Häring 
Management 
Board 
member responsible 
for Legal, Compliance 
and 
Human 
Re-
sources 
none 
The business address of all members of the Management Board is Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 
Bad Homburg v. d. Höhe, Germany. 
5.3 
Supervisory Board 
Pursuant to Article 8(1) of the Articles of Association of the Issuer, the Supervisory Board consists 
of twelve members, of whom, subject to the existence of the appointment right pursuant to Article 
8(2) of the Articles of Association, six are to be elected by the general meeting of shareholders 
(shareholder representatives) and six are to be elected by the employees (employee representa-
tives) in accordance with the provisions of the German Co-Determination Act (Mitbes-
timmungsgesetz – MitbestG). Pursuant to Article 8(2) of the Articles of Association, Fresenius SE, 
if it holds shares in the Issuer with a proportionate amount of the share capital of the Issuer of at 
least 15%, is entitled to appoint and remove one of the Supervisory Board members representing 
the shareholders; if Fresenius SE holds shares in the Issuer with a proportionate amount of the 
share capital of the Issuer of at least 30%, it is entitled to appoint and remove two of the Supervisory 
Board members representing the shareholders. 
Unless the Issuer's general meeting specifies a shorter term of office, the Supervisory Board mem-
bers are elected in accordance with Article 8(3) of the Articles of Association of the Issuer until the 
end of the AGM which resolves on the discharge of the Supervisory Board members for the fourth 
fiscal year after commencement of the term of office. The fiscal year in which the term of office 
commences is not considered for this calculation. The same applies for the Supervisory Board 
members to be elected by the employees. However, the election of the first Supervisory Board of 
the Issuer in the form of a German stock corporation by the EGM and the appointment by Fresenius 
SE each took place for the period until the end of the general meeting of the Issuer which resolves 
on the ratification of actions of the members of the Supervisory Board for fiscal year 2026. This 
deviation was effected in line with the Articles of Association with a view to preferences that had 
been expressed by investors and proxy advisors. The term of office of those members of the Su-
pervisory Board to be elected by the employees who must be employees of the Group is subject to 
additional requirements in accordance with Section 7(4), Section 6(2) sentence 1 MitbestG. Among 
other things, they must have reached the age of 18 and have been with the Group for one year. If 
a Supervisory Board member who must be an employee of the Group in accordance with Section 
7(2) MitbestG loses his or her eligibility for election, that board member's office expires.  
Upon motion of the Management Board, the competent local court in Hof (Saale), Germany, by 
resolution dated January 23, 2024 appointed Ms. Stefanie Balling, Ms. Beate Haßdenteufel, Mr. 
Frank Michael Prescher, Dr. Manuela Stauss-Grabo, Mr. Ralf Erkens and Ms. Regina Karsch as

--- Page 46 ---
46 
employee representatives to the Supervisory Board, effective January 26, 2024. Ms. Stefanie Ball-
ing, Ms. Beate Haßdenteufel and Mr. Frank Michael Prescher are employees of the Issuer in ac-
cordance with Section 7(2) no. 1, Section 7(4) MitbestG. Dr. Manuela Stauss-Grabo was appointed 
as a representative of the executive employees of the Issuer in accordance with Section 7(2) no. 
1, Section 7(4) MitbestG in combination with Section 15(1) sentence 2 MitbestG. Mr. Ralf Erkens 
and Ms. Regina Karsch are representatives of the Industrial Union for Mining, Chemical and Energy 
(IGBCE) in accordance with Section 7(2) no. 1 MitbestG. IGBCE is the trade union represented in 
the Issuer within the meaning of Section 7(5) MitbestG.  
The Supervisory Board thus includes the number of members representing each constituency 
(shareholders and employees) as required by law and by the Articles of Association. The judicial 
appointment of the employee representatives is effective for the period until the election of the 
employee representatives by the employees of the Issuer entitled to vote have been completed in 
accordance with the relevant statutory provisions. The election of the employee representatives is 
expected to be completed in the middle of 2025. 
The Supervisory Board has resolved a standard age limit for its members and shall, as a rule, only 
include persons who have not reached the age of 75 years at the time of their election or appoint-
ment. Before the expiration of their term, any member of the Supervisory Board may be removed 
by court upon formal request of a simple majority of the Supervisory Board if there is good cause 
for such removal (for example, a severe breach of duty as a Supervisory Board member). Members 
elected by the shareholders may also be removed by a resolution of the general meeting of share-
holders with a majority of three quarters of the votes cast at such general meeting. The employee 
representatives may also be removed by a voting decision by all employees of the Group in Ger-
many requiring a 75% majority of the votes cast; the motion for removal must be submitted by the 
relevant employee group (non-executive employees, executive employees or union).  
The 2024 AGM resolved on the remuneration of the members of the Supervisory Board as well as 
a corresponding amendment of Article 14 of the Articles of Association. 
The Supervisory Board ordinarily passes resolutions by a simple majority of the votes cast. The 
chair, who is typically selected from among the Supervisory Board members elected by the share-
holders, has a tie-breaking vote in case of any deadlock. The principal function of the Supervisory 
Board is to oversee the management of the Issuer, including to appoint and to supervise the Man-
agement Board in its management of the Issuer, to be involved in strategy and planning, to approve 
dividend payments and other matters which are not in the ordinary course of business or are of 
fundamental importance to us. The Supervisory Board is also responsible for determining the com-
pensation for the individual members of the Management Board as well as determining and review-
ing the compensation system for the members of the Management Board. 
The table below provides the names, functions and principal activities outside of the Group of the 
current members of the Supervisory Board at the date of the Prospectus: 
Name 
Function 
Principal activities outside the Group 
Shareholder representatives 
Mr. Michael Sen 
Chair(1), (2), (5) 
Chief Executive Officer of Fresenius SE 
and Chair of the management board of 
Fresenius Management SE 
Chair of the supervisory board of Frese-
nius Kabi AG

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Ms. Sara Lisa Hennicken 
Member(2) 
Chief Financial Officer of Fresenius SE 
and member of the management board 
of Fresenius Management SE 
Deputy Chair of the supervisory board of 
Fresenius Kabi AG 
Member of the supervisory board of 
Lufthansa AG 
Member of the supervisory board of 
VAMED AG 
Mr. Shervin J. Korangy 
Member(2), (3) 
President and Chief Executive Officer of 
BVI Medical, Inc. 
Non-executive member of the board of 
directors of BVI Group Ltd. 
Non-executive member of the board of 
directors of The Hain Celestial Group, 
Inc. 
Dr. Marcus Kuhnert 
Member(1), (4) 
Member of the supervisory board of 
Mewa Textil-Service SE 
Non-executive member of the board of 
directors of Döhler Group SE 
Mr. Gregory 
Sorensen, 
M.D. 
Member(4), (5) 
Member of the Board of Directors and 
Chief Science Officer of RadNet, Inc. 
President of DeepHealth, Inc. 
Executive Chair of the board of directors 
of IMRIS (Deerfield Imaging, Inc.)  
Ms. Pascale Witz 
Member(2), (3) 
 
President of PWH Advisors LLC 
Non-executive member of the board of 
directors of Regulus Therapeutics Inc. 
Non-executive member of the board of 
directors of Horizon Therapeutics plc 
Non-executive member of the board of 
directors of Revvity, Inc. 
Employee representatives 
Ms. Stefanie Balling 
Deputy Chair(1), (4), (5) 
none 
Mr. Ralf Erkens 
Member(1) 
Specialist Secretary of the IGBCE

--- Page 48 ---
48 
Member of the supervisory board of Ab-
bott GmbH 
Ms. Beate Haßdenteufel 
Member(5) 
none 
Ms. Regina Karsch 
Member(3) 
Board Secretary to the Deputy Chair of 
the IGBCE 
Mr. Frank Michael Prescher 
Member(4) 
none 
Dr. Manuela Stauss-Grabo 
Member(3) 
none 
(1) 
Member of the Presiding Committee. 
(2) 
Member of the Nomination Committee  
(3) 
Member of the Compensation Committee.  
(4) 
Member of the Audit Committee.  
(5) 
Member of the Mediation Committee.  
The business address of all members of the Supervisory Board is Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 
Bad Homburg v. d. Höhe, Germany. 
5.4 
Conflicts of Interest of the Members of the Corporate Bodies 
Some members of the Management Board and other members of the Issuer's management are 
also members of the management board and/or members of the management of our subsidiaries. 
Although the interests of the Issuer and the interests of its subsidiaries are generally in line with 
each other, there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in certain instances. 
Mr. Michael Sen, the chair of the Supervisory Board, and Ms. Sara Hennicken, a member of the 
Supervisory Board, are the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of 
the management board of the general partner of Fresenius SE. Fresenius SE holds around 28.55% 
of our shares and appointed Mr. Sen and Ms. Hennicken as shareholder representatives to the 
Supervisory Board based on its appointment right (Entsendungsrecht) under the Articles of Asso-
ciation.  
The Supervisory Board is composed of twelve members, of whom – subject to the existence of the 
appointment right describe “5.3. Supervisory Board” above – six are to be elected by the general 
meeting and six are to be elected by the employees in accordance with the provisions of the Mit-
bestG. Of these six members to be elected by the employees, the members of the Supervisory 
Board Ms. Stefanie Balling, Ms. Beate Haßdenteufel, Mr. Frank Michael Prescher and Dr. Manuela 
Stauss-Grabo are each employees of the Issuer or its subsidiaries, and the members of the Super-
visory Board Mr. Ralf Erkens and Ms. Regina Karsch are representatives of the trade union IGBCE. 
The German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz – AktG) and the German Corporate Governance 
Code (Deutscher Corporate Governance Kodex – GCGC) contain provisions that aim to protect 
affected companies from the negative effects of potential conflicts of interest. 
As of the date of the Prospectus, there are no conflicts of interests between the duties of the mem-
bers of the Management Board and the Supervisory Board towards the Issuer and their private 
interests or other duties.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
5.5 
Corporate Governance 
The GCGC contains recommendations and suggestions for managing and monitoring German 
listed companies. It is based on internationally and nationally recognized standards for good and 
responsible corporate governance. The purpose of the GCGC is, among other things, to make the 
German corporate governance system transparent for investors. The GCGC was originally passed 
by the Government Commission of the German Code (the Commission) on February 26, 2002. 
The latest version of the GCGC was adopted by the Commission on April 28, 2022 and came into 
force with the subsequent publication in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger) on June 27, 2022. 
There is no legal obligation to comply with the recommendations or suggestions of the GCGC. 
However, the AktG requires that the management board and the supervisory board of a German 
listed company declare on an annual basis that the recommendations of the GCGC were and will 
be complied with or which recommendations were or will not be complied with and, if so, state the 
reasons. The declaration must be available to shareholders on a constant basis. No disclosure is 
required when companies deviate from suggestions in the GCGC. 
The Supervisory Board and the Management Board have adopted a declaration of compliance 
(Entsprechenserklärung) in December 2024, and have made it available to shareholders. This dec-
laration, as well as past declarations, is available on the Issuer's website (www.freseniusmedical-
care.com) under "Investors – Corporate Governance". 
6. 
Share Capital 
The Issuer's share capital (Grundkapital) consists solely of ordinary shares without par value 
(Stückaktien) and a nominal value of EUR 1.00 each. These shares are issued in bearer form (In-
haberaktien) and are fully paid in. As of December 31, 2024, the Issuer's share capital consisted of 
293,413,449 issued and outstanding bearer shares (the Ordinary Shares). 
On July 14, 2023, in connection with the resolution on the Issuer's change of legal form, our EGM 
also resolved to continue in effect after the Issuer's change in legal form authorizations by our 
general meeting of shareholders granted in August 2020 approving the creation of authorized cap-
ital for a period of five years expiring on August 26, 2025, and in May 2021 authorizing the acqui-
sition and utilization of treasury shares for a period of five years expiring on May 19, 2026, including, 
in each case, the possibility to exclude the shareholders' subscription rights. We have not issued 
any shares pursuant to the August 2020 authorization or purchased any shares pursuant to the 
May 2021 authorization and we do not currently hold any treasury shares. 
7. 
Fiscal Year 
The fiscal year of the Issuer is the calendar year. 
8. 
Auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37, 
60327 Frankfurt am Main, Germany (PwC), a member of the German Chamber of Public Account-
ants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Berlin, audited the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, which were prepared in accord-
ance with IFRS Accounting Standards and the additional requirements of Section 315e(1) of the 
German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch), and issued unqualified auditor's reports 
(uneingeschränkte Bestätigungsvermerke) thereon.  
At the Issuer's AGM held on May 16, 2024, our shareholders approved the appointment of PwC to 
serve as our independent auditors for the fiscal year 2024, for the potential review of interim finan-
cial information for fiscal year 2024 prepared after the AGM in 2024 and as auditor for the potential

--- Page 50 ---
50 
review of interim financial information for fiscal year 2025 prepared prior to the AGM in 2025. At the 
AGM held on May 12, 2023, confirmed by the EGM held on July 14, 2023, our shareholders ap-
proved the appointment of PwC to serve as our independent auditors for the fiscal year 2023, for 
the potential review of interim financial information for fiscal year 2023 prepared after the AGM in 
2023 and as auditor for the potential review of interim financial information for fiscal year 2024 
prepared prior to the AGM in 2024.  
9. 
Major Shareholders 
Pursuant to a notification received by the Issuer in accordance with the German Securities Trading 
Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz – WpHG) on March 7, 2025, Fresenius SE owns 83,780,382 shares, 
which corresponds to approximately 28.55% of our outstanding shares. The Else Kröner-Fresenius-
Stiftung is the sole shareholder of Fresenius Management SE, the general partner of Fresenius SE, 
and has sole power to elect the supervisory board of Fresenius Management SE. In addition, the 
Else Kröner-Fresenius-Stiftung owned approximately 27% of the share capital of Fresenius SE on 
December 31, 2024. 
Pursuant to notifications received by the Issuer in accordance with the WpHG through March 20, 
2025, the following shareholders directly or indirectly hold more than 3% of the Issuer's shares:  
Shareholder 
 Share of voting rights (in %) 
Else Kröner-Fresenius-Stiftung 
 
28.55 
Richard Pzena 
 
5.20 
Dodge & Cox, San Francisco, California, U.S. 
 
5.03 
Dodge & Cox International Stock Fund, San Francisco, Califor-
nia, U.S. 
 
5.00 
Harris Associates L.P., Wilmington, Delaware, U.S. 
 
4.95 
BlackRock, Inc., Wilmington, Delaware, U.S. 
 
4.34 
The remaining shares of the Issuer are in free float. The percentage values shown in the table 
above are based on the amount of voting rights last notified to the Issuer with regard to the stated 
reference date by the respective shareholder pursuant to sections 33 et seqq. WpHG. Instruments 
pursuant to sections 38, 39 WpHG were not taken into account. It should be noted that the number 
of voting rights last notified could have changed since such notifications were submitted to the 
Issuer without requiring the relevant shareholder to submit a corresponding voting rights notification 
if no notifiable thresholds have been reached or crossed.  
Subject to any applicable statutory limitations, all of our outstanding shares have the same voting 
rights.  
10. 
Historical Financial Information 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal years ended 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting 
Standards and the additional requirements of Section 315e(1) of the German Commercial Code 
(Handelsgesetzbuch), with the auditor's reports (Bestätigungsvermerke) thereon of PwC, are incor-
porated by reference into the Prospectus, see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
10.1 
Presentation of Financial Information for the Issuer 
The Issuer's consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in, or in-
corporated by reference into, the Prospectus have been prepared in accordance with IFRS 
Accounting Standards and the additional requirements of Section 315e(1) of the German Commer-
cial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch). The Issuer uses IFRS Accounting Standards to comply with the 
reporting requirements of the German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) and other German 
laws, and in connection with its periodic reports with the SEC. 
Certain numerical data, financial information and market data in the Prospectus are subject to 
rounding adjustments that were carried out according to customary commercial standards. As a 
result, the aggregate amounts herein may not correspond in all cases to the data contained in the 
underlying sources. A dash ("—") indicates that no data were reported for a specific line item in the 
relevant fiscal year or period, while a zero ("0") is used when the pertinent figure, after rounding, 
amounts to nil. 
Where financial information in the following tables is presented as "audited", it indicates that the 
financial information has been taken from the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements. 
The label "unaudited" is used in the following tables to indicate financial information that (i) has not 
been taken, but derived, from the Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements, (ii) has been 
taken or derived from the Issuer's accounting records or (iii) has been taken or derived from the 
Issuer's internal management reporting systems. 
10.2 
Selected Financial Information for the Issuer 
The selected consolidated financial information below (including ratios) has been taken or derived 
from our audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting 
Standards. The below tables summarize the consolidated financial information as of and for each of 
the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. PwC audited the consolidated financial state-
ments as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 and issued unqualified 
auditor's reports (uneingeschränkte Bestätigungsvermerke) thereon.  
You should read this information together with the Issuer's consolidated financial statements incor-
porated by reference into the Prospectus. Furthermore, you should regard the selected financial 
and business data below only as an introduction and should base your investment decision on a 
review of the entire Prospectus. 
10.2.1 
Selected Consolidated Statements of Income Data  
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
December 31, 
in € millions, except per share amounts 
 
2024 
(audited) 
 
2023 
(audited) 
Revenue 
 
19,336 
 
19,454 
Costs of revenue 
 
(14,579) 
 
(14,529) 
Selling, general and administrative expense 
 
(3,143) 
 
(3,196) 
Research and development expense 
 
(183) 
 
(232) 
Income from equity method investees 
 
135 
 
122

--- Page 52 ---
52 
Other operating income 
 
760 
 
515 
Other operating expense 
 
(934) 
 
(765) 
Operating income 
 
1,392 
 
1,369 
Interest expense, net 
 
(335) 
 
(336) 
Income before income taxes 
 
1,057 
 
1,033 
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Issuer 
 
538 
 
499 
Basic earnings per share 
 
1.83 
 
1.70 
Diluted earnings per share  
 
1.83 
 
1.70 
 
10.2.2 
Selected Consolidated Balance Sheet Data 
 
 
As of December 31, 
In € millions 
 
2024 
(audited, 
unless stated 
otherwise) 
 
2023 
(audited, 
unless stated 
otherwise) 
Total current assets  
 
7,923 
 
8,701 
Total assets 
 
33,567 
 
33,930 
Total current liabilities 
 
5,660 
 
6,112 
Long-term debt, less current portion 
 
6,261 
 
6,960 
Total liabilities 
 
17,798 
 
19,103 
Net debt(1) 
 
9,803 
 
10,760 
Capital stock – nominal value 
 
293(2) 
 
293(3) 
Total equity 
 
15,769 
 
14,827 
 
(1) 
Unaudited. Net debt, a Non-IFRS Measure, is defined as the sum of our debt and lease liabilities less our cash and 
cash equivalents, including cash and cash equivalents included within assets held for sale, and is used in the cal-
culation of net leverage ratio, as defined below. For details see footnote 8 to the table under "— 10.2.4. Selected 
Non-IFRS Measures" below. 
(2) 
Representing 293,413,449 ordinary bearer shares with no par value, each with a nominal value of EUR 1.00 per 
share, issued as of December 31, 2024. 
(3) 
Representing 293,413,449 ordinary bearer shares with no par value, each with a nominal value of EUR 1.00 per 
share, issued as of December 31, 2023.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
10.2.3 
Selected Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow Data 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
December 31, 
in € millions  
 
2024 
(audited) 
 
2023 
(audited) 
Net cash provided by (used in) operating  
activities 
 
2,386 
 
2,629 
Net cash provided by (used in) investing  
activities 
 
(85) 
 
(544) 
Net cash provided by (used in) financing  
activities 
 
(2,569) 
 
(1,859) 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period(1) 
 
1,185 
 
1,427 
 
(1) 
Includes cash and cash equivalents included within assets held for sale. 
 
10.2.4 
Selected Non-IFRS Measures 
The following alternative performance measures and other financial information set out in the tables 
below include Non-IFRS Measures and comparable IFRS financial measurements. We believe this 
information is useful to our investors as it provides a basis for assessing our performance, payment 
obligations related to performance-based compensation, our compliance with covenants and en-
hanced transparency as well as comparability of our results. Non-IFRS Measures should not be 
viewed or interpreted as a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with IFRS 
Accounting Standards. The tables also include reconciliations of the Non-IFRS Measures to the 
financial measures that the Issuer believes are the most directly comparable measures prepared 
in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards. 
General Non-IFRS Measures 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
December 31, 
in 
€ 
millions, 
except 
where 
otherwise  
specified and except ratios 
 
2024 
(unaudited) 
 
2023 
(unaudited) 
Operating income margin (in %)(1) 
7.2 
 
7.0 
Capital expenditures, net(2),(5) 
(685) 
 
(669) 
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities in % of 
revenue(3),(5) 
12.3 
 
13.5 
Free cash flow(4),(5) 
1,701 
 
1,960 
Free cash flow in % of revenue(4),(5) 
8.8 
 
10.1 
Net cash flows from investing activities including cash pro-
ceeds from portfolio optimization(5) 
600 
 
125 
Free cash flow after investing activities(5) 
2,301 
 
2,085

--- Page 54 ---
54 
Adjusted EBITDA(6) 
3,378 
 
3,391 
Net leverage ratio(7) 
 
2.9 
 
3.2 
 
(1) 
Operating income margin represents the ratio of operating income to revenue. We believe operating income margin 
shows the profitability of each of our operating segments (not shown here) and our company on a consolidated 
basis.  
(2) 
Capital expenditures, net is defined as capital expenditures (representing the cash outflow for "purchases of prop-
erty, plant and equipment and capitalized development costs" as presented in the consolidated statements of cash 
flows of the Issuer's consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 
2023) less proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment. Capital Expenditures, net is an indicator used for 
internal management. It influences the capital invested for replacement and expansion. 
(3) 
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities is applied to assess whether a business can generate the cash 
required to make the necessary replacement and expansion of investments. This indicator is impacted by the prof-
itability of our business and the development of working capital, mainly receivables. Net cash provided by (used in) 
operating activities in percent of revenue shows the percentage of our revenue that is available in terms of financial 
resources. This measure is an indicator of our operating financial strength. 
(4) 
Free cash flow (net cash provided by (used in) operating activities after capital expenditures, net, before acquisitions 
and investments), a Non-IFRS Measure, refers to the cash flow we have at our disposal, including cash flows that 
may be restricted for other uses. This indicator shows the percentage of revenue available for acquisitions and 
investments, dividends to shareholders, debt servicing and reductions in debt financing or for repurchasing shares. 
We believe that the IFRS measure most comparable to free cash flow is net cash provided by (used in) operating 
activities. 
(5) 
The following tables show the cash flow performance indicators for the periods indicated and reconciles free cash 
flow and free cash flow in percent of revenue to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, net cash provided 
by (used in) operating activities in percent of revenue, net cash flows from investing activities including cash pro-
ceeds from portfolio optimization and free cash flow after investing activities, respectively: 
 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
December 31, 
In € millions, except ratios 
 
2024 
(unaudited, 
unless stated 
otherwise) 
 
2023 
(unaudited, 
unless stated 
otherwise) 
Revenue(a) 
 
19,336 
 
19,454 
Net cash provided by (used in) operating 
activities(a) 
 
2,386 
 
2,629 
Capital expenditures 
 
(699) 
 
(685) 
Proceeds from sale of property, plant and 
equipment(a) 
 
14 
 
16 
Capital expenditures, net 
 
(685) 
 
(669) 
Free cash flow 
 
1,701 
 
1,960 
Net cash provided by (used in) operating activ-
ities in % of revenue 
 
12.3 
 
13.5

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Free cash flow in % of revenue 
 
8.8 
 
10.1 
(a) 
Audited. 
 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
December 31, 
In € millions, except ratios 
 
2024 
(unaudited, 
unless stated 
otherwise) 
 
2023 
(unaudited, 
unless stated 
otherwise) 
Free cash flow 
 
1,701 
 
1,960 
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, invest-
ments and purchases of intangible assets(a) 
 
(23) 
 
(35) 
Investments in debt securities(a) 
 
(82) 
 
(102) 
Proceeds from divestitures, net of cash dis-
posed(a) 
 
630 
 
172 
Proceeds from sale of debt securities(a) 
 
75 
 
90 
Net cash flows from investing activities including 
cash proceeds from portfolio optimization 
 
600 
 
125 
Free Cash flow after investing activities 
 
2,301 
 
2,085 
(a) 
Audited. 
(6) 
Our Adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated above is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation 
and amortization as adjusted for (i) the effects of acquisitions and divestitures made during the respective twelve-
month period with a purchase price above a EUR 50 million threshold as defined in the Syndicated Credit Facility 
(as defined and described under "V.15.1. Syndicated Credit Facility" below), (ii) non-cash charges, (iii) impairment 
loss (including any impairment losses associated with the FME25 Program and Legacy Portfolio Optimization), and 
(iv) special items, including costs related to our FME25 Program, the impact from the remeasurement of our invest-
ment in Humacyte, Inc. and receivables related to a royalty stream that we are entitled to base on sales made by 
Humacyte, Inc. in the U.S. (Humacyte Remeasurements), certain costs associated with the Conversion, primarily 
related to the requisite relabeling of our products, transaction costs (such as costs for external advisors and con-
ducting an extraordinary general meeting) and costs related to the establishment of dedicated administrative func-
tions required to manage certain services which have historically been administered at the Fresenius SE group level 
and paid by the Issuer through corporate charges (Legal Form Conversion Costs), and impacts from strategic 
divestitures identified during our Legacy Portfolio Optimization review (together, Special Items). During the year 
ended December 31, 2024, these impacts are mainly driven by gains and losses from divestitures, impairment 
losses resulting from the measurement of assets held for sale or from write-downs of related non-current assets 
(see notes 4 and 5 E) of the notes to the audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS Accounting Standards) of 
the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, included on pages 297 and 301 to 302 in our in 
German-language "Geschäftsbericht 2024", which are incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. Adjusted 
EBITDA is used in our capital management and is also relevant in major financing instruments, including the Syn-
dicated Credit Facility. You should not consider Adjusted EBITDA, a Non-IFRS Measure, to be an alternative to net 
earnings determined in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards or to cash flow from operations, investing 
activities or financing activities. In addition, not all funds depicted by Adjusted EBITDA are available for manage-
ment's discretionary use. For example, a substantial portion of such funds are subject to contractual restrictions and 
functional requirements to fund debt service, capital expenditures and other commitments from time to time as 
described in more detail elsewhere in the Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference. The following

--- Page 56 ---
56 
table shows the reconciliation of our Adjusted EBITDA to net income, which we believe to be the most directly 
comparable IFRS financial measure:  
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
December 31, 
in € millions 
 
2024 
(audited, 
unless stated 
otherwise) 
 
2023 
(audited, 
unless stated 
otherwise) 
Net Income 
 
741 
 
732 
Income tax expense 
 
316 
 
301 
Interest income 
 
(72) 
 
(88) 
Interest expense 
 
407 
 
424 
Depreciation and amortization 
 
1,536 
 
1,613 
Adjustments(a), (b) 
 
450 
 
409 
Adjusted EBITDA(a) 
 
3,378 
 
3,391 
(a) 
Unaudited. 
(b) 
Acquisitions and divestitures made for the last twelve months with a purchase price above a EUR 50 million threshold as 
defined in the Syndicated Credit Facility (2024: EUR -23 million; 2023: EUR -35 million), non-cash charges, primarily related 
to pension expense (2024: EUR 52 million; 2023: EUR 56 million), impairment loss (2024: EUR 207 million; 2023: EUR 139 
million) and Special Items, including costs related to the FME25 Program (2024: EUR 164 million; 2023: EUR 106 million), 
Legal Form Conversion Costs (2024: EUR 9 million; 2023: EUR 30 million), Legacy Portfolio Optimization (2024: EUR 113 
million; 2023: EUR 128 million) and Humacyte Remeasurements (2024: EUR -72 million; 2023: EUR -15 million). 
(7) 
Our net leverage ratio is a performance indicator used for capital management. To determine the net leverage ratio, 
net debt (debt and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents) is compared to Adjusted EBITDA. The ratio is 
an indicator of the length of time the Issuer needs to service the net debt out of its own resources. We believe that 
the net leverage ratio provides alternative information that management believes to be useful in assessing our ability 
to meet our payment obligations in addition to considering the absolute amount of our debt. Based upon publicly 
reported revenue and other estimates prepared using our internal market analysis tools, we have a strong market 
position in a growing, global and mainly non-cyclical market. Furthermore, most of our customers have a high credit 
rating as the dialysis industry is characterized by stable and sustained cash flows. We believe this enables us to 
work with a reasonable proportion of debt. The following table shows the reconciliation of our net leverage ratio as 
of December 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 
As of December 31, 
in € millions, except ratios 
 
2024 
(unaudited, 
unless stated 
otherwise) 
 
2023 
(unaudited, 
unless stated 
otherwise) 
Debt and lease liabilities(a) 
 
10,988 
 
12,187 
Less Cash and cash equivalents(b) 
 
(1,185) 
 
(1,427) 
Net debt 
 
9,803 
 
10,760

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Adjusted EBITDA 
 
3,378 
 
3,391 
Net leverage ratio 
 
2.9 
 
3.2 
(a) 
Debt and lease liabilities includes the following balance sheet line items: short-term debt from unrelated parties, current 
portion of long-term debt, current portion of lease liabilities from unrelated parties, current portion of lease liabilities from 
related parties, long-term debt, less current portion, lease liabilities from unrelated parties, less current portion and lease 
liabilities from related parties, less current portion as well as debt and lease liabilities included within liabilities directly 
associated with assets held for sale, as presented in the consolidated balance sheets of the Issuer's consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
(b) 
Audited. Includes cash and cash equivalents included within assets held for sale. 
Adjusted Non-IFRS Measures at constant currency excluding Special Items, the Tricare Set-
tlement and 2023 divestitures 
Certain performance indicators are used in the management of the Issuer at constant currency 
excluding Special Items. Management believes that there are Special Items, as defined above, 
which should also be excluded from certain performance indicators at constant currency to enhance 
transparency and comparability. In 2023, the Issuer also adjusted for a settlement agreement in 
2023 related to a complaint filed against the U.S. government in 2019 which sought to recover 
amounts owed to the Group under the Tricare program (Tricare Settlement) and for divestitures 
in 2023. For a description of Special Items, see the definition of Adjusted EBTIDA above. Special 
Items are unusual in nature and have not been foreseeable or not foreseeable in size or impact. 
Presenting our results excluding Special Items and, in 2023, the Tricare Settlement and divestitures 
ensures comparability of the figures presented with the Issuer's financial targets which have been 
defined excluding Special Items. Excluding these Special Items and, in 2023, the Tricare Settlement 
and divestitures from the Issuer's results may provide readers with further useful information in 
assessing the Group's performance against the financial targets. These results excluding Special 
Items and, in 2023, the Tricare Settlement and divestitures and at constant currency (in 2024) 
should only be viewed as a supplement to the Group's results disclosed in accordance with IFRS 
Accounting Standards.  
Growth at constant currency includes the impact of translating local currencies to our reporting 
currency for financial reporting purposes. We calculate and present financial measures at constant 
exchange rates to show changes in these metrics and other items without giving effect to period-
to-period currency fluctuations. Under IFRS Accounting Standards, amounts received in local (non-
euro) currency are translated into euro at the average exchange rate for the period presented. Once 
we translate the local currency for the constant currency, we then calculate the change, as a per-
centage, of the current period calculated using the prior period exchange rates versus the prior 
period. For more information on currency translation, see note 1 J) of the notes to the audited con-
solidated financial statements (IFRS Accounting Standards) of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal 
year ended December 31, 2024, included on page 282 in our in German-language "Geschäftsber-
icht 2024", which is incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. We believe that the measures 
at constant currency are useful to investors because such information enables them to gauge the 
impact of currency fluctuations from period to period. 
 
 
For the fiscal year ended  
December 31, 
 
in 
€ 
millions, 
except 
where 
otherwise  
specified and except ratios 
 
2024 
(unaudited, 
unless 
stated oth-
erwise) 
 
2023 
(unaudited, 
unless 
stated oth-
erwise) 
Growth at 
constant 
currency 
(in %)

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Revenue 
19,336* 
 
19,454* 
0.0 
Revenue after adjustments(1) 
19,454 
 
19,049 
2.1 
Care Delivery segment(1) 
15,337 
 
15,158 
1.2 
Thereof: U.S.(1) 
12,812 
 
12,333 
 
Thereof: operations outside the U.S (In-
ternational)(1) 
2,525 
 
2,825 
 
Care Enablement segment(1) 
5,618 
 
5,353 
5.0 
Inter-segment eliminations*(1) 
(1,501) 
 
(1,462) 
 
Operating income 
1,392* 
 
1,369* 
2.6 
Operating income after adjustments(2) 
1,812 
 
1,540 
17.6(5) 
Care Delivery segment(2) 
1,572 
 
1,477 
6.4 
Care Enablement segment(2) 
344 
 
121 
184.4 
Operating income after adjustments margin(3) 
9.3% 
 
8.1% 
 
Care Delivery segment(3) 
 
10.3% 
 
9.7% 
 
Care Enablement segment(3) 
 
6.1% 
 
2.3% 
 
Net income attributable to shareholders of the 
Issuer 
 
538* 
 
499* 
9.4 
Net income after adjustments(4) 
 
912 
 
644 
41.6 
* 
Audited.  
(1) 
The following tables show the reconciliation of our revenue after adjustments to revenue, which we believe to be 
the most directly comparable IFRS financial measure: 
 
Financial year ended December 31, 2024 (unaudited, unless stated otherwise): 
 
Results 2024(a) 
Currency  
translation 
effects 
Results 2024 
(after adjustments) 
Revenue 
19,336 
118 
19,454 
Care Delivery 
segment 
15,275 
62 
15,337 
Thereof: U.S. 
12,798 
14 
12,812 
Thereof: International 
2,477 
48 
2,525 
Care Enablement segment 
5,557 
61 
5,618 
Inter-segment 
eliminations(b) 
(1,496) 
(5) 
(1,501) 
(a) 
Audited. 
(b) 
 The Issuer transfers products between segments at fair market value. The associated internal revenues and expenses and 
all other consolidation of transactions are included within "Inter-segment eliminations". 
 
Financial year ended December 31, 2023 (unaudited, unless stated otherwise): 
 
Results 2023(a) 
Divestitures 
Tricare 
Settlement 
Results 2023 
(after adjustments) 
Revenue 
19,454 
(214) 
(191) 
19,049

--- Page 59 ---
59 
Care Delivery 
segment 
15,578 
(229) 
(191) 
15,158 
Thereof: U.S. 
12,665 
(141) 
(191) 
12,333 
Thereof: International 
2,913 
(88) 
– 
2,825 
Care Enablement segment 
5,345 
8 
– 
5,353 
Inter-segment 
eliminations 
(1,469) 
7 
– 
(1,462) 
(a) 
Audited. 
(2) 
The following tables show the reconciliation of our operating income after adjustments to operating income, which 
we believe to be the most directly comparable IFRS financial measure: 
 
Financial year ended December 31, 2024 (unaudited, unless stated otherwise): 
 
Results 
2024(a) 
Special Items(b) 
Currency transla-
tion effects 
Results 2024 
(after adjustments) 
Operating income 
1,392 
405 
15 
1,812 
Care Delivery 
segment 
1,190 
375 
7 
1,572 
Care Enablement segment 
267 
69 
8 
344 
Inter-segment 
eliminations 
(17) 
(7) 
0 
(24) 
Corporate 
(48) 
(32) 
0 
(80) 
(a) 
Audited. 
(b) 
Special Items for 2024 include the following (unaudited): 
 
FME25 Program 
Legal Form Conver-
sion Costs 
Legacy 
Portfolio 
Optimization 
Humacyte Remeas-
urements 
Operating income 
180 
9 
288 
(72) 
Care Delivery segment 
74 
– 
301 
– 
Care 
Enablement 
segment 
104 
0 
(7) 
(28) 
Inter-segment 
eliminations 
– 
– 
(7) 
– 
Corporate 
2 
9 
1 
(44) 
 
 
Financial year ended December 31, 2023 (unaudited, unless stated otherwise): 
 
Results 2023(a) 
Special Items(b) 
Divestitures 
Tricare 
Settlement 
Results 2023 
(after adjust-
ments) 
Operating income 
1,369 
372 
(20) 
(181) 
1,540 
Care Delivery 
segment 
1,516 
171 
(24) 
(186) 
1,477 
Care Enablement seg-
ment 
(67) 
186 
(1) 
3 
121

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Inter-segment 
eliminations 
(13) 
– 
– 
– 
(13) 
Corporate 
(67) 
15 
5 
2 
(45) 
(a) 
Audited. 
(b) 
Special Items for 2023 include the following (unaudited): 
 
FME25 Program 
Legal Form Conver-
sion Costs 
Legacy 
Portfolio 
Optimization 
Humacyte Remeas-
urements 
Operating income 
153 
30 
204 
(15) 
Care Delivery segment 
75 
– 
96 
– 
Care Enablement seg-
ment 
78 
– 
108 
– 
Inter-segment 
eliminations 
– 
– 
– 
– 
Corporate 
0 
30 
0 
(15) 
(3) 
Operating income after adjustments margin represents the ratio of operating income after adjustments to revenue 
after adjustments. 
(4) 
The following tables show the reconciliation of our net income after adjustments to net income attributable to share-
holders of the Issuer, which we believe to be the most directly comparable IFRS financial measure: 
 
Financial year ended December 31, 2024 (unaudited, unless stated otherwise): 
 
Results 2024(a) 
Special Items(b) 
Currency transla-
tion effects 
Results 2024 (af-
ter adjustments) 
Net income 
538 
365 
9 
912 
(a) 
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Issuer (audited). 
(b) 
Special Items for 2024 include the following: 
FME25 Program 
Legal Form Conver-
sion Costs 
Legacy 
Portfolio 
Optimization 
Humacyte Remeas-
urements 
130 
7 
282 
(54) 
 
 
Financial year ended December 31, 2023 (unaudited, unless stated otherwise): 
 
Results 2023(a) 
Special Items(b) 
Divestitures 
Tricare 
Settlement 
Results 
2023 
(after 
adjust-
ments) 
Net income 
499 
257 
(2) 
(110) 
644 
(a) 
Net income attributable to shareholders of the Issuer (audited). 
(b) 
Special Items for 2023 include the following: 
FME25 Program 
Legal Form Conver-
sion Costs 
Legacy 
Portfolio 
Optimization 
Humacyte Remeas-
urements 
109 
21 
138 
(11)

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(5)  
This reflects the upper end of the Issuer's targeted operating income growth of 16% to 18%. 
11. 
Trend Information and Significant Changes 
11.1 
Trend Information 
The following items represent notable impacts or trends in our business and/or industry in the period 
since December 31, 2024:  
11.1.1 
Legacy Portfolio Optimization  
We continue to review our business portfolio, specifically with a view to exiting unsustainable mar-
kets and divesting non-core businesses and the cessation of certain research and development 
programs to enable more focused capital allocation towards areas in our core business that are 
expected to have higher profitable growth. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the impacts 
from Legacy Portfolio Optimization mainly comprise of gains and losses from divestitures, impair-
ment losses resulting from the measurement of assets held for sale or from write-downs of related 
non-current assets.  
Overall, the impacts from Legacy Portfolio Optimization resulted in a negative effect on operating 
income of EUR 288 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 (EUR 204 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2023). 
11.1.2 
FME25 Program  
Overall, the costs related to the FME25 Program resulted in a negative impact to operating income 
of EUR 180 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 (EUR 153 million for the financial year 
2023, and EUR 204 million for the financial year 2022). For the year ended December 31, 2024, 
recurring savings related to the FME25 Program were EUR 567 million (EUR 346 million for the 
financial year 2023, and EUR 131 million for the financial year 2022).  
11.1.3 
Other Trends  
A major portion of our revenues from health care is subject to reimbursement rates regulated by 
governmental authorities, and a significant portion of other revenues, especially revenues from the 
U.S., is received from customers whose revenues are subject to these regulated reimbursement 
rates. Non-governmental payors are also exerting downward pressure on reimbursement rates. 
Increased operation costs that are subject to inflation may not be recoverable through price in-
creases in the absence of a compensating increase in reimbursement rates payable to us and our 
customers, and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
In recent years, we faced significant challenges in the labor market, in particular in the U.S., result-
ing in staff shortages, high turnover rates and meaningfully higher costs, which could continue in 
the future. These impacts, combined with uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, which 
drove inflationary cost increases and supply chain constraints, have had a materially adverse effect 
on our results of operations. While we have seen a stabilization of both the labor market and the 
inflationary environment during 2024, such impacts could continue to impact us in the future. Addi-
tionally, although there are indications that raw material markets are stabilizing, we expect our 
products business to continue to be impacted by supply chain and material cost challenges in 2025. 
Other than the items and risks referenced above, there has been no material adverse change in 
the prospects of the Issuer and no significant change in the financial performance of the Group 
since December 31, 2024.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
11.2 
Significant Changes in the Group's Financial Position 
Except as described under "11.1. Trend Information," above, there has been no significant change 
in the financial position of the Group since December 31, 2024.  
11.3 
Material Changes in the Issuer's Borrowing and Funding Structure 
Since December 31, 2024, there were no material changes in the Issuer's borrowing and funding 
structure.  
12. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Please refer to "V.11. Legal and Arbitration Proceedings" below. 
13. 
Material Contracts 
Please refer to "V.15. Material Contracts" below.  
14. 
Recent Events 
Please refer to "V.16. Recent Events" below. 
15. 
Rating 
The Issuer is rated by the three leading rating agencies: 
• 
S&P1,2 has assigned a solicited long-term credit rating of BBB-3 (stable outlook) to the 
Issuer.4 
• 
Moody's5 has assigned a solicited long-term credit rating of Baa36 (stable outlook) to the 
Issuer. 
 
1 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in Ireland and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, amended by Reg-
ulation (EC) No 513/2011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 May 2011 and by Regulation (EC) 2 
No 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 21 May 2013 (the CRA Regulation).  
2 
ESMA publishes on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) a list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated within five working days 
following the adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The European Commission shall 
publish that updated list in the Official Journal of the European Union within 30 days following such update. 
3 
According to S&P: "An obligor rated 'BBB' has adequate capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, 
adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet 
its financial commitments. Ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign 
to show relative standing within the rating categories."  
4 
A credit rating assesses the creditworthiness of an entity and informs an investor therefore about the probability of 
the entity being able to redeem invested capital. It is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.  
5 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in Germany and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
6 
According to Moody's: "Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk 
and as such may possess certain speculative characteristics. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to 
each generic rating classification […]; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category."

--- Page 63 ---
63 
• 
Fitch7 has assigned a solicited long-term credit rating of BBB-8 (stable outlook) to the 
Issuer.  
 
7 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in Ireland and is registered under the CRA Regulation. 
8 
According to Fitch: "BBB' ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment 
of financial commitments is considered adequate but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to 
impair this capacity. The modifiers '+' or '-' may be appended to a rating to denote relative status within major rating 
categories."

--- Page 64 ---
64 
V. 
BUSINESS OF THE GROUP 
1. 
Overview 
We are the world's leading provider of products and services for individuals with renal diseases 
based on publicly reported revenue and number of patients treated (information on our US-listed 
competitors is available in their reports filed with the SEC, which can be accessed by using the 
following hyperlink: https://www.sec.gov/search-filings, and does not form part of this Prospectus). 
Please also refer to our internal market analysis tools (see "5.1. Major Markets" below). We provide 
dialysis and related services for individuals with renal diseases as well as other health care ser-
vices. We also develop, manufacture and distribute a wide variety of health care products.  
Our health care products include hemodialysis machines, peritoneal dialysis cyclers, dialyzers, per-
itoneal dialysis solutions, hemodialysis concentrates, solutions and granulates, bloodlines, renal 
pharmaceuticals, systems for water treatment, as well as acute cardiopulmonary and apheresis 
products. We supply dialysis clinics we own, operate or manage with a broad range of products 
and also sell dialysis products to other dialysis service providers. We sell our health care products 
to customers in around 150 countries and we also use them in our own health care service opera-
tions. Our dialysis business is therefore vertically integrated. Our other health care services include 
value and risk-based care programs, pharmacy services, vascular specialty services as well as 
ambulatory surgery center services, physician nephrology practice management and ambulant 
treatment services. We estimate that the size of the global dialysis market was approximately 
EUR 80 to 84 billion in 2024 (EUR 80 to 84 billion in 2023). Dialysis patient growth results from 
factors such as the aging population and increased life expectancies; shortage of donor organs for 
kidney transplants; increasing incidence of kidney disease and better treatment of and survival of 
patients with diabetes, hypertension and other illnesses, which frequently lead to the onset of 
chronic kidney disease (CKD); improvements in treatment quality, new pharmaceuticals and prod-
uct technologies, which prolong patient life; and improving standards of living in developing coun-
tries, which make life-saving dialysis treatment available. We are also engaged in different areas 
of health care product therapy research. 
As a global company delivering health care services and products, we face the challenge of ad-
dressing the needs of a wide variety of stakeholders, such as patients, customers, payors, regula-
tors and legislators in many different economic environments and health care systems. In general, 
government-funded programs (in some countries in coordination with private insurers) pay for cer-
tain health care items and services provided to their citizens. Not all health care systems provide 
payment for dialysis treatment. Therefore, the reimbursement systems and ancillary services utili-
zation environment in various countries significantly influence our business. 
On August 24, 2022, we completed a business combination including Fresenius Health Partners, 
Inc. (FHP), the value-based care division of Fresenius Medical Care North America. The transac-
tion, first announced in March 2022, received regulatory clearance and satisfied other customary 
closing conditions in the U.S. The new company, which operates under the Interwell Health brand 
(Interwell Health), creates an innovative, stand-alone entity combining FHP's expertise in kidney 
care value-based contracting and performance, InterWell Health LLC's clinical care models and 
network of around 1,700 nephrologists and Cricket Health, Inc.'s tech-enabled care model that uti-
lizes its proprietary informatics, StageSmart™ and patient engagement platforms. We aim to sig-
nificantly improve the care of patients with chronic kidney disease and further expand our leading 
position in value-based care.  
In December 2023, we completed the divestiture of National Cardiovascular Partners (NCP), com-
prising 21 facilities providing outpatient cardiac catheterization and vascular laboratory services, 
which were previously included in the Care Delivery segment of our U.S. health care service busi-
ness. The NCP divestiture was effected as part of our Legacy Portfolio Optimization. Additionally 
during 2024, we divested our service businesses in Chile, Ecuador, Sub-Saharan Africa, Türkiye,

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Guatemala, Curacao, Peru, Colombia and the Cura Day Hospitals Group in Australia, and the Is-
suer's management committed to a plan to sell our renal dialysis clinic facilities and/or networks in 
Brazil, our business in Kazakhstan and select assets of the Issuer's wholly owned Spectra Labor-
atories, all in connection with the Legacy Portfolio Optimization plan.  
2. 
Our Structure 
In our two operating segments, Care Delivery and Care Enablement, we provide the full spectrum 
of healthcare services, systems, devices, technologies, products and pharmaceuticals required to 
deliver high-quality care to people living with kidney disease around the globe. 
Our Care Enablement operating segment is primarily engaged in the distribution of health care 
products and equipment and includes R&D, manufacturing, supply chain and commercial opera-
tions, as well as supporting functions, such as regulatory and quality management.  
The Care Delivery operating segment is primarily engaged in providing services for the treatment 
of CKD, ESRD and other extracorporeal therapies, including value and risk-based care programs. 
Care Delivery also includes the pharmaceutical products business and the income from equity 
method investees related to the sale of certain renal pharmaceuticals from Vifor Fresenius Medical 
Care Renal Pharma Ltd., which are used in our clinics to provide health care services to our pa-
tients. Our operating segments are determined based upon how we manage our businesses and 
allocate resources with responsibilities by products and services and is aligned to the financial in-
formation that is presented on a quarterly basis to the chief operating decision maker.  
3. 
Our Services and Products 
In 2024, approximately 4.2 million (2023: 4.1 million) patients worldwide regularly underwent dialy-
sis treatment. Dialysis is a life-saving blood cleansing procedure that substitutes the function of the 
kidney in case of kidney failure. Healthy kidneys clean the blood of waste products, regulate water 
levels and produce important hormones. Chronic kidney failure or end-stage renal disease occurs 
when the kidneys are irreparably damaged and are no longer able to function adequately over a 
sustained period of time. Many diseases can lead to chronic kidney failure, particularly diabetes, 
chronic nephritis or high blood pressure. There are currently two treatment options for ESRD: kid-
ney transplant and dialysis. 
We receive a substantial portion of our Care Delivery revenue from the U.S. Medicare program and 
other government sources. Under the Medicare program, Medicare reimburses dialysis providers 
for the treatment of certain individuals who are diagnosed as having ESRD, regardless of age or 
financial circumstances. See "4. Reimbursement". 
3.1 
Dialysis Treatment Options for ESRD 
Chronic kidney disease is a global epidemic. The number of patients requiring renal replacement 
therapy is increasing worldwide. At the end of 2024, about 5.2 million patients (2023: 5.0 million) 
underwent dialysis treatment or received a donor organ.  
A successful kidney transplant is considered the most effective treatment for ESRD, offering those 
patients a chance for a longer, healthier life. However, the number of organs donated worldwide 
has been significantly lower than the number of patients on transplant waiting lists for many years. 
Despite extensive efforts, particularly in regional initiatives, to raise awareness of kidney donation 
and promote willingness to donate, the global proportion of patients receiving a kidney transplant 
compared to other treatment methods has remained relatively unchanged and comparatively low 
over the last ten years.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
Comparison of dialysis treatment methods 
In 2024, most dialysis patients were treated in one of around 51,000 dialysis centers worldwide 
(2023: 50,000), with an average of approximately 80 patients per center (2023: 80). However, this 
figure varies considerably from country to country. 
Hemodialysis (HD) is by far the most common form of therapy for ESRD. Worldwide, a total of 89% 
of dialysis patients were treated with this therapy at dialysis centers in 2024 (2023: 89%). Home 
hemodialysis (HHD) is an alternative to treatment at a dialysis center. Worldwide, a total of around 
1% of all patients are currently treated with home hemodialysis (2023: around 1%). In 2024, 10% 
of all dialysis patients were treated with peritoneal dialysis (PD) (2023: 10%). In the same period, 
around 11% of dialysis patients were treated with home dialysis (2023: 11%) and about 15% (2023: 
15%) of all dialysis patients in the U.S. were treated with home dialysis.  
We also provide dialysis services under contract to hospitals in the U.S. on an "as needed" basis 
for hospitalized ESRD patients and for patients suffering from acute kidney failure. Acute kidney 
failure can result from infections, sepsis, hypotension, toxins, systemic diseases, trauma, or other 
causes, and requires dialysis until the patient's kidneys recover their normal function. We provide 
services to these patients either at their bedside, using portable dialysis equipment, or at the hos-
pital's dialysis site. Contracts with hospitals provide for payment at negotiated rates that are gener-
ally higher than the Medicare reimbursement rates for chronic in-center outpatient treatments.  
For acute renal failure, the predominant treatment method is continuous renal replacement therapy. 
Over 50%, or slightly more than 1 million acute patients, were treated with this method in 2024 
(2023: over 50% or around 1 million). In this field, we have a market share of approximately 30% 
(2023: 30%). For additional information regarding patient growth in this field, see "6. Corporate 
Strategy and objectives" below. 
3.2 
Care Delivery 
Care Delivery encompasses our global network of dialysis clinics and includes services that ad-
dress the complex health care needs and treatment choices of kidney patients. We support the 
entire spectrum of renal care for CKD and ESRD and are pioneers in dialysis as kidney replacement 
therapy. 
Within Care Delivery, our value and risk-based care programs allow for partnerships with payors 
based in the U.S. and the government to reduce the overall cost of care. With our industry expertise, 
we leverage artificial intelligence, analytics, technological capabilities and platforms to support early 
interventions in care. 
The Fresenius Kidney Care and Fresenius Medical Care NephroCare (NephroCare) dialysis clinic 
networks comprise our 3,675 worldwide dialysis clinics which provide various forms of in-center 
kidney replacement therapies (2023: 3,925). In 2024, we treated 69% of our patients in the U.S. 
and 31% in our operations outside the U.S. (2023: 62% in the U.S. and 38% in our operations 
outside the U.S.).  
As patients choose greater independence offered by home dialysis, we provide different options of 
home dialysis therapy, such as PD and HHD, to meet different patient needs. Currently, we serve 
over 85,000 patients globally (2023: over 85,000) with our PD and HHD solutions. 
Although our dialysis clinic network is the heart of Care Delivery, the overall Care Delivery portfolio 
includes a range of services that meet the immediate and long-term needs of individuals living with 
kidney disease.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Pharmacy Services 
We offer pharmacy services, mainly in the U.S. These services include providing renal medications 
and supplies to the homes of patients or to their dialysis clinics directly from renal pharmacists who 
are specially trained in treating and counseling patients living with kidney disease. We also produce 
and distribute kidney-disease related drugs and pharmaceuticals. 
Vascular, cardiovascular and endovascular specialty services and vascular care ambulatory sur-
gery center services 
We operate physician office-based vascular access centers, mainly in the U.S. We also develop, 
own and manage specialty outpatient ambulatory surgery centers for vascular care. A patient re-
ceiving hemodialysis must have a vascular access site to enable blood to flow out of the patient's 
body to a dialysis machine for cleansing and to return as newly cleaned blood to the body. Our 
centers create and coordinate the maintenance of these vascular access sites, helping to ensure 
maturation before use and good flow of blood. Additionally, our vascular care services provide both 
cardiovascular and endovascular specialty services. Cardiovascular procedures are similar to the 
setting of care and scope of services for vascular access procedures discussed above with a focus 
on treatment for heart disease, while endovascular surgical procedures are minimally invasive and 
designed to access many regions of the body via major and peripheral blood vessels and assist in 
both the maintenance of hemodialysis access and treatment of peripheral artery disease. 
Value and risk-based care programs 
We conduct a broad range of value and risk-based care programs spanning CKD and ESRD patient 
populations with both private and public payors. Value and risk-based care programs include 
shared risk arrangements in which private payors or government programs share the savings or 
losses from reductions or increases in the overall medical spend of a population under management 
assuming that certain quality thresholds are also met. Full risk arrangements include capitated ar-
rangements and shared saving arrangements in which private payors or government programs 
credit us periodic, fixed payments based on expected medical expenses of such members. Since 
capitation arrangements often can be recognized as premium revenue and the full medical premium 
for ESRD beneficiaries generally is very large, capitation programs can drive significant revenue 
and, when costs are effectively managed, profit opportunities. We have participated recently in the 
following value-based programs: 
• 
CMS commenced its ESRD Treatment Choices model on January 1, 2021. The ESRD 
Treatment Choices model is a mandatory model that applies to ESRD facilities and man-
aging clinicians in certain randomly selected geographic regions (specifically, Hospital 
Referral Regions) that comprise approximately 30% of adult ESRD beneficiaries in all 50 
states and the District of Columbia. This model applies both upside and downside pay-
ment adjustments to certain claims submitted by participating physicians and dialysis fa-
cilities for Medicare dialysis patients over a span of six and one-half years.  
• 
A voluntary CMS payment model, the Comprehensive Kidney Care Contracting (CKCC) 
model, began on January 1, 2022 as a successor program that builds upon the discon-
tinued ESRD Seamless Care Organizations model. Under the CKCC model, renal health 
care providers participate by forming an entity known as a Kidney Care Entity (KCE). 
Through the KCE, renal health care providers take responsibility for the total cost and 
quality of care for Medicare beneficiaries with CKD stages 4 and 5 as well as Medicare 
beneficiaries with ESRD. In order to participate, KCEs must include nephrologists and 
transplant providers, and dialysis providers and other third parties are permitted to partic-
ipate. The voluntary models allow KCEs to take on various amounts of financial risk. Two 
options, the CKCC global and professional models, allow renal health care providers to 
assume upside and downside financial risk. A third option, the CKCC graduated model,

--- Page 68 ---
68 
is limited to assumption of upside risk, but is unavailable to KCEs that include large dial-
ysis organizations. 
• 
Value and risk-based care programs with private payors to provide care to commercial 
and Medicare Advantage ESRD and CKD patients. Under these payment arrangements, 
our financial performance is based on our ability to manage a defined scope of medical 
costs within certain parameters for clinical outcomes.  
Physician nephrology services 
We manage and operate nephrology physician practices in the United States.  
Ambulant treatment services 
We provide ambulant treatment services to a limited extent in parts of our Care Delivery business 
outside the U.S., which include comprehensive and specialized health check-up centers, vascular 
access and other chronic treatment services. 
Other services  
Through our Frenova subsidiary, we deliver a network of research sites, a diverse patient popula-
tion and the expertise to initiate clinical trials rapidly. This subsidiary works with partner sites to 
enroll suitable patients for renal trials and studies of adjacent conditions. Frenova also offers data 
analytics and licensing services with access to one of nephrology's largest longitudinal databases. 
Additionally, our subsidiary, Spectra Laboratories, provides renal-specific laboratory testing and 
processing. 
High-volume hemodiafiltration 
In Europe and the Middle East, we have been successfully treating patients with HVHDF for over 
a decade, underscoring its established benefits and potential for broader application. HVHDF is a 
kidney replacement therapy that combines both convection and diffusion to remove solutes from 
the body. Unlike conventional hemodialysis, which primarily uses diffusion, HVHDF incorporates 
high-volume convective therapy, infusing additional fluid and removing larger middle molecules. 
This therapy gained additional attention in 2023 with the release of the European Union-funded 
CONVINCE study comparing the efficacy of HVHDF against high-flux hemodialysis (HF-HD). After 
beginning the study in 2018, researchers observed more than 1,300 participants over 2.5 years. 
The results showed a 23% decrease in all-cause mortality on average for patients treated with 
HVHDF as well as an improvement in patient-reported outcomes. 
In February 2024, our 5008X hemodialysis system became the first FDA-approved machine capa-
ble of delivering HVHDF in the U.S. Paired with our FX CorAL dialyzer, which is already available 
in the U.S., the 5008X combines advanced engineering and membrane technologies to make 
HVHDF possible.  
Before 2004, the use of hemodiafiltration (HDF) in NephroCare clinics in Europe, the Middle East 
and Africa (EMEA) was limited. After 2004, HDF became the standard therapy in NephroCare clin-
ics in EMEA and has increased its share continuously among the dialysis techniques prescribed in 
the network. In 2024, 62% (2023: 57%) of NephroCare patients in EMEA were treated with this 
dialysis technique. In January 2014, NephroCare clinics in EMEA implemented HVHDF (an infusion 
volume greater than 21 liters per session) as a new quality key performance indicator for patients 
undergoing post-dilution HDF.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
To establish HVHDF as a new standard of care in the U.S. dialysis industry, we are planning a 
limited launch to targeted Fresenius Kidney Care clinics during 2025 and a broader commercial 
launch in 2026 and beyond. HVHDF is expected to benefit both our Care Delivery and Care Ena-
blement segment operations as we will produce new or updated products and provide treatments 
to our patients using this new modality. 
3.3 
Care Enablement 
Care Enablement includes three product verticals: in-center dialysis, home dialysis and critical care. 
Each of these units is responsible for the entire product lifecycle, from ideation and creation to value 
generation, supply chain management, service and, ultimately, the end of the product's life.  
Products in our Care Enablement portfolio include dialyzers, in-center HD machines, home dialysis 
and PD cyclers, PD solutions, HD concentrates, solutions and granulates, bloodlines, renal phar-
maceuticals, systems for water treatment, acute cardiopulmonary products, apheresis products and 
other medical devices. Care Enablement also conducts medical technology (MedTech) device and 
pharmaceutical-related R&D and includes manufacturing, supply chain and commercial operations. 
The health care products we offer in around 150 countries worldwide focus on the following thera-
pies: 
• 
Hemodialysis – HD is by far the most common type of therapy for chronic kidney failure. 
We provide a wide range of HD systems in dialysis centers as well as for use at home 
including machines, dialyzers, bloodline systems, HD solutions and concentrates, water 
treatment systems as well as data processing and analysis systems. 
• 
Peritoneal dialysis – In PD, the peritoneum is used as a natural filter. We offer systems 
and solutions for continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) and automated peri-
toneal dialysis (APD) in dialysis centers as well as for use at home. 
• 
Acute dialysis – In case of a sudden loss of renal function, continuous renal replacement 
therapy is used in intensive care units. Our portfolio includes acute dialysis machines, 
dialysis fluids, hemofilters, plasma filters, adsorbers and a variety of treatment kits and 
catheters. 
The portfolio includes both dialysis machines and dialyzer options for kidney replacement therapies 
across a wide range of clinical needs, including low flux dialysis, high flux dialysis, HDF and 
HVHDF.  
With a comprehensive home dialysis portfolio, including both PD and HHD, we have a clear focus 
on this growth market. We are making significant progress in connected health solutions with a 
strong presence in the U.S. and ongoing expansion across EMEA. 
We also offer extracorporeal therapy options for patients who cannot be sufficiently treated through 
conventional pharmaceutical regimens, including the removal of metabolic products, toxins, auto-
antibodies and immunocomplexes. 
Based on internal estimates and publicly available information collected by our internal market anal-
ysis tools (see "5. Major Markets and Competitive Position" below), as well as data published by 
our significant competitors, we are the world's largest manufacturer and distributor of equipment 
and related products for hemodialysis and the second largest manufacturer and distributor of peri-
toneal dialysis products, measured by publicly reported revenues. For the fiscal year 2024, health 
care products accounted for 22% of our consolidated total revenue (2023: 21%).

--- Page 70 ---
70 
In December 2016, we acquired Xenios AG (Xenios), expanding our capability to multi-organ sup-
port. The products are used for a wide range of extracorporeal gas exchange and offer a wide range 
of heart and lung support from partial CO2 removal up to full oxygenation. Xenios's Novalung® is 
the first extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) system to be cleared for more than six 
hours of continuous use as extracorporeal life support. 
3.4 
Renal Pharmaceuticals 
We continue to acquire and in-license renal pharmaceuticals to improve dialysis treatment for our 
patients. The primary renal pharmaceuticals we have acquired or for which we have obtained li-
censes for use are: 
• 
PhosLo®, a calcium-based phosphate binder, as well as an authorized generic version of 
PhosLo® and Phoslyra®, a liquid formulation of PhosLo®. Phosphate binders keep phos-
phorus levels in ESRD patients in a healthy range. In 2023, we discontinued the sale of 
Phoslyra in the U.S. and the distribution of PhosLo® and Phoslyra® in the U.S. was dis-
continued in 2024. 
• 
Venofer® (iron sucrose) and Ferinject® (ferric carboxymaltose). Both drugs are used to 
treat iron deficiency anemia experienced by non-dialysis chronic kidney disease patients 
as well as dialysis patients. 
• 
Velphoro®, a novel iron-based phosphate binder. 
• 
The phosphate binders OsvaRen® and Phosphosorb®. 
We also in-license various other pharmaceuticals including, but not limited to, erythropoietin stimu-
lating agents, products to treat pruritis, pro-hormones of the active form of vitamin D3, and other 
products. 
4. 
Reimbursement 
As a global company delivering health care and dialysis products, we are represented in around 
150 countries worldwide. Consequently, we face the challenge of addressing the needs of a wide 
variety of stakeholders, such as patients, customers, payors, regulators and legislators in very dif-
ferent economic environments and health care systems. 
Health care systems and reimbursement structures for ESRD treatment vary significantly by coun-
try. In general, the government (in some countries in coordination with private insurers) or social 
and private insurance programs pay for health care. Funding is achieved through taxes and other 
sources of government income, from social security contributions, or a combination of those 
sources. However, not all health care systems provide for dialysis treatment. In some developing 
countries, only limited subsidies from government, social insurances or charitable institutions are 
available, and typically dialysis patients must personally finance all or a substantial share of the 
treatment cost. Irrespective of the funding structure, in some countries patients needing dialysis do 
not receive treatment on a regular basis but rather only when financial resources allow.  
We receive a substantial portion of our Care Delivery revenue from the U.S. Medicare program and 
other government sources. For more information on reimbursement see also the Risk Factors 
"II.1.1.1. We operate in a highly regulated industry such that the potential for legislative reform pro-
vides uncertainty and potential threats to our operating models and results"; "II.1.1.2. Changes in 
reimbursement, payor mix and/or governmental regulations for health care could materially de-
crease our revenues and operating profit"; and "II.1.1.3. If we do not comply with the numerous 
governmental regulations applicable to our business, we could suffer adverse legal consequences, 
including exclusion from government health care programs or termination of our authority to

--- Page 71 ---
71 
conduct business, any of which would result in a material decrease in our revenue; this regulatory 
environment also exposes us to claims and litigation, including "whistleblower" suits". 
5. 
Major Markets and Competitive Position 
5.1 
Major Markets 
To obtain and manage information on the status and development of global, regional and national 
markets, we have developed internal market analysis tools. We use these tools within the Issuer to 
collect, analyze and communicate current and essential information on the dialysis market, devel-
oping trends, our market position and those of our competitors. For some of these tools, country by 
country surveys are performed annually which focus on the total number of patients treated for 
ESRD, the treatment modalities selected, products used, treatment location, the structure of ESRD 
patient care providers and other metrics. These surveys have been refined since inception to facil-
itate access to more detailed information and to reflect changes in the development of therapies 
and products as well as changes to the structure of our competitive environment. Questionnaires 
are distributed to professionals in the field of dialysis who are in a position to provide ESRD-relevant 
country specific information themselves or who can coordinate appropriate input from contacts with 
the relevant know-how in each country. The surveys are then centrally validated and checked for 
consistency by cross-referencing them with the most recent publicly available sources of national 
ESRD information (e.g. registry data or publications, if available) and with the results of surveys 
performed in previous years. All information received is consolidated at a global and regional level 
and analyzed and reported together with publicly available information published by our competi-
tors. New and updated information from countries, along with refinements to internal market anal-
ysis tools, may lead to retroactive adjustments of previously made statements and estimates con-
cerning future developments. While we believe the information contained in our internal market 
analysis tools and competitor publications to be reliable, we have not independently verified the 
data or any assumptions from which our internal market analysis tools are derived or on which the 
estimates they contain are based, and we do not make any representation as to the accuracy of 
such information. Except as otherwise specified herein, all market patient and other market data in 
this report have been derived using our internal market analysis tools.  
According to our estimates, the volume of the global dialysis market remained relatively stable at 
around EUR 80 to 84 billion in 2024 (2023: EUR 80 to 84 billion). We estimate the following ap-
proximate breakdown for this market volume: around EUR 16 billion (2023: EUR 16 billion) for di-
alysis products and the remainder for dialysis services (including the administration of dialysis 
drugs).  
The number of dialysis patients worldwide rose by 4% to 5% to around 4.2 million in 2024 (2023: 
4.1 million) and is expected to reach around 7 million people by 2035, according to our estimates. 
We are the global leader in dialysis care, providing treatment to about 7% of all dialysis patients 
(2023: 8%). In 2024, 299,352 people were treated in our network of dialysis centers (2023: 
332,548). We performed around 48 million dialysis treatments in 2024.  
We are also the global market leader for dialysis products. Products made for use in our own dial-
ysis centers or for sale to third-party customers accounted for a market share of around 35% in 
2024 (2023: around 35%). We are also a leading provider of hemodialysis products, holding over 
40% of the global market share in 2024 (2023: over 40%). Dialyzers for HD are the largest product 
group in the dialysis market with a worldwide sales volume of around 425 million units in 2024 
(2023: 410 million). Approximately 174 million (around 40%) of these were made by the Group 
(2023: 165 million, or around 40%), giving us by far the biggest market share. Hemodialysis ma-
chines constitute another key component of our product business. Here, too, we are the market 
leader. Of the estimated 100,000 machines installed in 2024 (2023: 97,000), around 51,000, or 
around 50% (2023: 49,000, or around 50%), were produced by the Group. We hold the largest 
share of the HHD market. In 2024, more than 75% (2023: more than 75%) of all patients performing

--- Page 72 ---
72 
HHD utilized our dialysis machines. In 2023, around 50% of all chronic dialysis patients used our 
products. 
Furthermore, we hold a strong position in the market for PD products: Around 15% (2023: around 
15%) of all PD patients use products made by the Issuer.  
The overall market for dialysis care services in the U.S. is consolidated. Across all market seg-
ments, we treat around 37% of all dialysis patients in the United States (2023: 37%). In the U.S., 
home dialysis is becoming increasingly important. In 2024, about 16% (2023: 16%) of our U.S. 
dialysis treatments were performed at home. Our aspirational target is to increase the share of 
home dialysis treatments to 25%. Outside the U.S., the dialysis services business is much more 
fragmented. With around 1,050 dialysis centers (2023: 1,310) and approximately 93,000 patients 
(2023: 127,000), we operate the largest network of clinics. 
5.2 
Our Competitive Position 
We operate in a competitive, international market environment and are, therefore, subject to certain 
trends, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our projected results. 
The major trends affecting the markets in which we operate are: the aging population and increased 
life expectancies, shortage of donor organs for kidney transplants, and increasing incidence and 
better treatment of and survival of patients with diabetes and hypertension, which frequently pre-
cede the onset of ESRD, all of which contribute to patient growth. In the U.S. and other markets in 
which dialysis is readily available, additional trends are:  
Trends in the developed markets: 
• 
improvements in treatment quality, which prolong patient life; 
• 
stronger demand for innovative products and therapies; 
• 
advances in medical technology; 
• 
ongoing cost-containment efforts and ongoing pressure to decrease health care costs, 
resulting in limited reimbursement rate increases; 
• 
reimbursement for the majority of treatments by governmental institutions, such as Med-
icare and Medicaid in the U.S.; and 
• 
challenges in certain labor markets. 
Trends in the emerging markets: 
• 
increasing national incomes and hence higher spending on health care; 
• 
improving standards of living in developing countries, which make life-saving dialysis 
treatment available; 
• 
consolidation of providers (e.g. hospital chains); 
• 
consolidation of health care insurers with pricing pressure on providers; and 
• 
privatization of health care providers. 
We also compete globally in the product market which is largely segmented among hemodialysis, 
peritoneal dialysis, home hemodialysis and renal pharmaceuticals. We have invested significantly

--- Page 73 ---
73 
in developing proprietary processes, technologies and manufacturing equipment which we believe 
provide a competitive advantage in manufacturing our products. 
6. 
Corporate Strategy and objectives 
"Creating a future worth living. For patients. Worldwide. Every day." This vision guides our efforts 
to provide high-quality health care products and services that improve the lives of the patients we 
serve. 
Our products and health care services are at the core of our strategy. To implement our strategy 
successfully, we will concentrate on three key areas: the renal care continuum, critical care solu-
tions and complementary assets. 
6.1 
Renal Care Continuum 
The future of health care includes an aging population and a rise in chronic diseases that will re-
shape patient demographics. The combination of fragmented care, cost pressures and staff short-
ages will create a need for new solutions. Moreover, digitalization, particularly through data analyt-
ics and artificial intelligence, is already changing the delivery of health care. 
To meet the challenges of the future, we are leveraging our core strategic competencies: develop-
ing innovative products, operating outpatient facilities, standardizing medical procedures and coor-
dinating patient care effectively.  
The implementation of our corporate strategy brings us closer to our goal of providing health care 
for chronically and critically ill patients across the renal care continuum. We aim to use our innova-
tive, high-quality products and services to offer sustainable solutions at a reliable cost. The renal 
care continuum encompasses the following aspects: 
• 
New renal care models: We intend to use digital technologies such as artificial intelli-
gence and big data analytics to develop new care models for patients with kidney failure, 
such as personalized dialysis and holistic home treatment. 
• 
Value and risk-based care models: These models allow us to offer care that is not only 
better, but also affordable in the long term. Our aim is to establish sustainable partner-
ships with payors around the world to drive forward the transition from fee-for-service 
payment to pay-for-performance models.  
• 
Chronic kidney disease and transplantation: We aim to provide patients with holistic 
care throughout their entire treatment plan. To this end, we have broadened our value 
and risk-based care programs to include the treatment of chronic kidney disease with an 
emphasis on slowing disease progression, enabling a smoother start to dialysis and pre-
venting unnecessary hospital stays. We also intend to incorporate kidney transplants into 
value-based care models in the future. 
• 
Future innovations: Through Fresenius Medical Care Ventures, we invest in start-ups 
and early-stage companies in the health care sector with the goal of gaining access to 
new and disruptive technologies and treatment concepts for our core business and com-
plementary assets. 
6.2 
Critical Care Solutions 
The number of patients requiring continuous renal replacement therapy to treat acute kidney failure 
is set to rise from slightly more than 1.0 million patients in 2024 to over 1.5 million per year at the

--- Page 74 ---
74 
end of the next decade. In addition to acute dialysis, we are also active in other areas of extracor-
poreal critical care therapy, such as the treatment of acute heart, lung and multi-organ failure. 
6.3 
Complementary Assets 
We aim to supplement and strengthen our existing network where feasible through additional part-
nerships, investments and acquisitions. We believe this will help us to create added medical value 
while saving costs, enabling us to build an even more solid foundation for our future growth in 2025 
and beyond.  
6.4 
Integrating Sustainability 
Please refer to "13. SUSTAINABILITY" below. 
6.5 
Capital allocation 
A disciplined use and distribution of available capital is at the core of our financial strategy. We 
focus on achieving sustainable growth while maintaining strong financial performance through em-
phasizing deleveraging, ensuring investment-grade status and improving financial. Driven by the 
success of the FME25 Program and an enhanced operational focus, capital generated through 
operational efficiencies and portfolio adjustments has been and will be used to reduce our debt and 
strengthen our balance sheet, positioning us for future growth while maintaining financial resilience 
in a challenging economic environment. 
6.6 
Operational efficiencies 
Operational efficiency remains a cornerstone of our transformation efforts, primarily driven by the 
FME25 Program. With the objective of realizing cost savings of EUR 650 million by the end of 2025, 
this program is designed to streamline processes and enhance our profitability. In our Care Ena-
blement segment, which faces margin pressure, we have identified clear pathways to improve man-
ufacturing processes, scale operations internationally and refine pricing strategies. Similarly, our 
Care Delivery segment is focused on increasing operational leverage, optimizing our geographic 
and business unit footprint and enhancing clinic management. Given the strong program momen-
tum during 2024 where we exceeded our savings target for the full year, we further raised the 
savings target under the FME25 Program by EUR 100 million to EUR 750 million by the end of 
2025. Please also refer to "IV.11.1.2. FME25 Program" above. 
7. 
Quality Assurance and Quality Management in Dialysis Care 
All production sites follow the Lean Manufacturing approach which, in our plants in North America 
and most of our plants in the European, Middle East and African regions, includes the "Lean Six 
Sigma" management system. The focus of Lean Manufacturing and Six Sigma is the continuous 
improvement of manufacturing processes in order to achieve a low defect rate resulting in improved 
product quality, while reducing manufacturing time. Our production of renal pharmaceuticals and 
medical devices must comply with current Good Manufacturing Practices under the applicable reg-
ulations of the U.S. FDA, the EU, the Brazilian Health Regulatory Agency (ANVISA) and other 
jurisdictions. 
Our dialysis clinics work in conformance with the generally accepted quality standards of the indus-
try, particularly the Kidney Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative (KDOQI) guidelines from the U.S., 
the European Renal Best Practice standard and increasingly, Kidney Disease: Improving Global 
Outcomes (KDIGO), an industry initiative for global clinical practice guidelines. Clinical data man-
agement systems are used to routinely collect certain medical parameters, which we evaluate in 
anonymized form in compliance with these guidelines.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
8. 
Environmental Management 
Our Global Sustainability department leads our strategic sustainability initiatives related to environ-
mental topics including energy and climate change, water and resource use. Global Sustainability 
collaborates closely with our business functions to implement activities. Care Delivery, in collabo-
ration with our Real Estate Management team, is responsible for environmental management in 
our dialysis clinics. Care Enablement is responsible for sustainable manufacturing, product devel-
opment, supply chain and sales operations. The Management Board is the governing committee 
for all strategic environmental matters, approves global environmental policies and receives regular 
updates on the implementation of these policies. The Management Board also defines the over-
arching environmental strategy and sets global targets. 
Our Global Environmental Policy outlines our environmental management principles, objectives 
and minimum standards for environmental protection, including areas such as climate change mit-
igation and adaptation, energy efficiency and renewable energy deployment, water management, 
resource use and waste, among others. The policy addresses how we manage, monitor and reduce 
our environmental impact across our value chain. 
Our environmental management approach is key to mitigating environmental impacts and address-
ing risks and opportunities. Our approach includes continuous monitoring of national and interna-
tional regulations to ensure compliance and align with evolving requirements. We have established 
internal environmental standards, complemented by external certifications such as ISO 14001 and 
ISO 50001, where necessary or appropriate. 
Our production sites, distribution centers, laboratories and dialysis clinics are subject to internal and 
external audits to verify compliance with environmental laws, local regulations, certifications and 
internal guidelines. We keep employees informed on environmental topics through internal articles, 
workshops, and Q&A sessions. 
We aim for climate neutrality in our global operations by 2040. We define climate neutrality as 90% 
reduction of direct (Scope 1) and indirect (Scope 2) market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 
2040 compared to the base year, without using carbon credit. By 2030, we plan to reduce our 
combined direct (Scope 1) and indirect (Scope 2) market-based greenhouse gas emissions by 50% 
compared to our 2020 base year emissions. We are working on a net-zero target that includes 
Scope 3 emissions, as required by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). 
9. 
Innovations in 2024 
We are working on new products that are close to market launch and have an extensive portfolio 
of innovation projects. These focus on technologies in our core business as well as related areas 
of strategic interest.  
The digitalization of products and processes in health care is a key aspect of innovation. We are 
primarily focused on connecting patients, physicians and nursing staff, improving nursing documen-
tation at the point of care and improving water treatment technologies through automation. We 
leverage data and know-how from Care Enablement, our Care Delivery clinics and our Global Med-
ical Office (GMO) to help identify new medical product and service innovations as well as the po-
tential for digitalization. Our goal is to achieve better treatment results for our patients, seamless 
connectivity, workflow optimization for nurses and significant reductions in treatment costs for our 
customers. 
9.1 
Home Dialysis 
Home dialysis is a rapidly growing part of our overall business. In 2024, over 14,500 U.S.-based 
patients were utilizing the NxStage Medical, Inc. (NxStage) portable HHD systems (2023: over

--- Page 76 ---
76 
13,500). This development was enabled by the introduction of the new, FDA-approved GuideMe 
software on the NxStage VersiHD cycler to the U.S. market. GuideMe's digital technology leverages 
the touchscreen interface to offer an enhanced user experience for patients and nurses with walk-
through graphical guidance, improving ease of learning and skill retention while facilitating the tran-
sition to home dialysis. 
In March 2024, we also launched the NxStage VersiHD cycler in Europe. Additionally, we continued 
our drive towards cost optimization for the NxStage portfolio by in-sourcing pre-mixed dialysate 
bags which were cleared by the FDA in January 2024.  
In addition to the NxStage launches, the introduction of the Liberty Select Cycler with kinexus PD 
bidirectional remote therapy management in 2024 advanced PD management. This technology 
enables clinical teams to remotely access patient treatment data and programs or update patient 
prescriptions. Since launching in the U.S., approximately 27,000 therapy prescription programs 
have been delivered remotely, and data for over 4.5 million patient treatments have been digitally 
transmitted.  
In May 2024, we introduced kinexus PD Remote Therapy Management in certain European coun-
tries for both CAPD and APD patients utilizing the sleep.safe harmony cycler and plan to continue 
expanding to additional countries in Europe and Asia. 
9.2 
In-Center Dialysis 
In February 2024, we received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for our 5008X Hemodialysis System, 
enabling us to initiate clinical evaluations and user studies in the U.S. prior to the planned commer-
cial launch. The first 5008X system deliveries in the U.S. are expected at the end of 2025, with a 
full commercial U.S. market launch planned for 2026. We have successfully conducted a variety of 
different treatment modalities, including HVHDF dialysis therapy, which we will offer more broadly 
to dialysis patients in the U.S. in the coming years. 
The digitalization of our in-center therapy enhances patient care through personalized treatments 
and remote monitoring, which reduce overall dialysis-related health care costs, drive innovation and 
improve operational efficiency, ensuring regulatory compliance and boosting data management ca-
pabilities. 
We have also expanded automation in dialysis water pre-treatment with online-monitoring solutions 
via our AquaSENS and AquaSOFT quality offerings. In 2024, we introduced PuraSafe, a remote 
monitoring system for our central reverse osmosis system, in selected markets. 
9.3 
Critical Care 
We provide hospitals and intensive care units (ICUs) with a comprehensive portfolio of technologies 
for the extracorporeal organ support of critically ill patients.  
Our multiFiltratePRO platform provides ICU staff with a wide range of features to support patient 
care in continuous renal replacement therapy. In 2024, we added the hemoperfusion mode to en-
hance the therapeutic capabilities of multiFiltratePRO. Further technological developments in-
cluded a new-design monitor and secure connectivity board (SCB) to strengthen cybersecurity, 
scheduled for release in 2026. We also advanced production of domestic multiFiltratePRO in China 
after obtaining approval from the Chinese authorities and successfully delivering the first machines 
to our Chinese customers in August 2024. 
The introduction of our own PVC-free Biofine® foil for our CiCa® dialysate bags facilitated cost 
reductions, with production having commenced in December 2024. In May 2024, we obtained

--- Page 77 ---
77 
510(k) clearance for our pureFLOW fluids 400, 401, 402, and 407, as well as Special 510(k) clear-
ance for our new multiFlux 1000 filter for use in acute renal failure.  
Our Apheresis Pathogen Reduction Device (APRED) is designed to provide health care profes-
sionals with a modern, technologically advanced device for therapeutic apheresis. In August 2024, 
we obtained CE Medical Device Regulation (MDR) certification for APRED and, following the sub-
sequent market launch, the first lipoprotein apheresis treatments were carried out with APRED in 
September 2024. 
Furthermore in 2024, we developed multiHL7, providing a connectivity solution for multiFiltratePRO 
devices. Connectivity was a key driver in the upgrade of our Xenios 2.0 console. The system sup-
ports the simple implementation of standards-based medical data, allowing for the flexible integra-
tion of machine data into various patient monitoring systems. Medical data are automatically sent 
to a patient data management system or electronic medical record, which can significantly reduce 
the workload for health care providers by streamlining documentation and data management pro-
cesses. 
In August 2024, we obtained MDR approval for Xenios 2.0, our new ECLS treatment system ena-
bling health care professionals to provide the full range of ECLS treatments for neonatal and adult 
patients. Developed with safety features, a simplified guided user interface and improved connec-
tivity, the system provides cutting-edge technology and intelligent troubleshooting for physicians 
and caregivers. 
A related development was the launch of our Ready4 multiFiltratePRO Augmented Reality training 
application. This training supplement uses augmented reality to overlay digital elements in the real 
world, aiding the proficiency and confidence of users of the multiFiltratePRO acute dialysis device 
in ICUs. 
10. 
Risk Management 
We see risk management as the ongoing task of determining, analyzing and evaluating the spec-
trum of actual and potential risks arising from our business operations in our environment and, 
where possible, taking pre-emptive and corrective measures. Our risk management system pro-
vides us with a basis for these activities. It enables management to identify risks that could jeop-
ardize our growth or going concern and to take steps to minimize any negative impact. Accordingly, 
it is an important component of our management and governance. 
The main objective of the risk management system is to identify potential risks as early as possible 
to assess their impact on business activities and enable us, where necessary, to take appropriate 
countermeasures. Due to constantly changing external as well as internal requirements and condi-
tions, our risk management system is continuously evolving. In the past fiscal year, we expanded 
our risk reporting to the Management Board and Supervisory Board by increasing the focus on the 
potential of combined risk effects and utilizing a holistic approach when analyzing, discussing and 
presenting risk information. In addition, the risk accountability and operational responsibilities of 
individuals and committees were specified to further improve the quality of risk information and 
response measures. The structure of the internal risk management system is based on the inter-
nationally recognized framework for company-wide risk management, the ''Enterprise Risk Man-
agement – Integrated Framework'' of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
Commission (COSO). Additionally, sustainability-related risk management is part of our internal risk 
management system. 
11. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
For information on our legal proceedings, please refer to note 25, "Verpflichtungen und Eventual-
verbindlichkeiten" (Commitments and contingencies) to the audited consolidated financial

--- Page 78 ---
78 
statements (IFRS Accounting Standards) of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ended December 
31, 2024, included on pages 350 to 354 in our in German-language "Geschäftsbericht 2024", which 
are incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. 
12. 
Employees 
We employed 111,513 people (headcount) as of December 31, 2024 (December 31, 2023: 
119,845). 
13. 
Sustainability 
Sustainability is embedded in our vision, mission and strategic planning, reflecting our commitment 
to addressing global health care challenges and maximizing impact. We manage sustainability risks 
and opportunities by prioritizing areas such as operational efficiency, customer needs and employer 
attractiveness. Our strategic sustainability goals are designed to create value for our business and 
stakeholders, focusing on enhancing quality of care and access to health care, building the best 
team to serve patients and reducing our environmental footprint. Sustainability performance related 
to patients and employees is directly tied to the short-term incentives for the Management Board 
and senior executives, while the long-term incentive plan is linked to environmental performance. 
This comprehensive approach aligns with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. 
Our sustainability efforts, including those on diversity, equity and inclusion, are designed to comply 
with any applicable laws, in particular anti-discrimination laws and other legal requirements of the 
various jurisdictions in which we operate. We are monitoring relevant legal developments, including 
2025 Executive Orders issued in the U.S., and will review our activities in relevant Group entities 
as appropriate to facilitate ongoing compliance with applicable laws, in particular anti-discrimination 
laws, and related risk mitigation efforts. 
14. 
Acquisitions, Investments and Capital Expenditures 
A significant factor in the growth in our revenue and operating earnings in prior years has been our 
ability to acquire health care businesses, particularly dialysis clinics, on mutually beneficial terms. 
In the U.S., physicians and others who own dialysis operations might decide to sell their clinics (or 
investment interests in their clinics) to obtain relief from day-to-day administrative responsibilities 
and changing governmental regulations, to focus on patient care and to realize a return on their 
investment. Outside the U.S., doctors might determine to sell to us and/or enter into certain rela-
tionships with us to achieve the same goals and to gain a partner with extensive expertise in dialysis 
products and services. Privatization of health care in Eastern Europe and Asia could present addi-
tional acquisition opportunities. We believe we are also viewed as a valuable strategic health care 
partner outside the dialysis business due to our experience in managing chronic disease for dialysis 
patients and our record of improving quality and patient satisfaction and reducing the overall cost 
of care, and our leadership in advancing innovation and improvement in health care. 
Net cash used in investing activities in 2024 and 2023 was EUR 85 million and EUR 544 million, 
respectively. Net cash flows from investing activities including cash proceeds from portfolio optimi-
zation (defined as free cash flow after investing activities less free cash flow, see "IV.10.2.4 Se-
lected Non-IFRS Measures" above) in 2024 and 2023 was EUR 600 million and EUR 125 million, 
respectively. 
The majority of our capital expenditures was used for maintaining existing clinics and centers, cap-
italization of machines provided to our customers, capitalization of certain development costs, ex-
pansion of production capacity and equipping new clinics and centers. Capital expenditures, net 
accounted for 4% and 3% of total revenue in 2024 and 2023, respectively.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Investments in 2024 were primarily comprised of purchases of debt securities and equity invest-
ments. Divestitures in 2024 mainly related to the divestment of equity investments (including di-
vestitures under our Legacy Portfolio Optimization program) and debt securities.  
Investments in 2023 were primarily comprised of purchases of debt securities. Divestitures in 2023 
were mainly related to the divestment of equity investments (including divestitures under our Leg-
acy Portfolio Optimization program) and debt securities. Acquisitions in 2023 related primarily to 
the purchase of dialysis clinics. Additionally, purchases of intangibles in 2023 related primarily to 
emission rights certificates.  
In 2025, we anticipate capital expenditures around EUR 900 million and expect to limit acquisition 
and investment spending, while focusing on the organic growth of our business. Our anticipated 
capital expenditures are driven by the need to position us well to capture growth opportunities, 
including the limited launch of HVHDF to targeted U.S. clinics beginning in 2025, as well as to 
maintain quality levels and patient experience. Additionally, we plan accelerated capital expendi-
tures in new production facilities as well as into R&D activities for a more globalized product port-
folio. 
In our long-term capital management, we focus primarily on the net leverage ratio. Our self-set 
target for the net leverage ratio is between 3.0 and 3.5x, which management considers appropriate 
for the Issuer. As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the net leverage ratio was 2.9 
and 3.2, respectively. 
15. 
Material Contracts 
15.1 
Syndicated Credit Facility 
The Issuer entered a EUR 2 billion multicurrency sustainability-linked syndicated revolving credit 
facility (Syndicated Credit Facility) in July 2021, which serves as a back-up line for general corpo-
rate purposes and is undrawn as of the date of the Prospectus. On June 2, 2023, the Syndicated 
Credit Facility was extended an additional year until July 1, 2028, with a maximum available bor-
rowing amount of EUR 1,959,184 thousand in the last year. 
The Syndicated Credit Facility contains representations and undertakings with respect to the Group 
customary for a Loan Market Association (LMA) style credit facility agreement governed by German 
law for borrowers with an investment grade rating. The Syndicated Credit Facility is unsecured.  
15.2 
Bonds and Schuldschein loans 
15.2.1 
Outstanding Bonds 
The following table sets forth information regarding our Bonds as of December 31, 2024. As of the 
date of the Prospectus, no further Bonds have been issued by the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries.  
Bonds 
in thousands 
Issuer/Transaction 
Face amount 
Maturity 
Fresenius Medical Care AG, 2018 
€ 500,000 
July 11, 2025 
Fresenius Medical Care AG, 2020 
€ 500,000 
May 29, 2026 
Fresenius Medical Care AG, 2019 
€ 600,000 
November 30, 2026

--- Page 80 ---
80 
FME US Finance III, Inc. 2021 
$ 850,000 
December 1, 2026 
Fresenius Medical Care AG, 2022 
€ 750,000 
September 20, 2027 
FME US Finance III, Inc. 2019 
$ 500,000 
June 15, 2029 
Fresenius Medical Care AG, 2019 
€ 500,000 
November 29, 2029 
Fresenius Medical Care AG, 2020 
€ 750,000 
May 29, 2030 
FME US Finance III, Inc. 2020 
$ 1,000,000 
February 16, 2031 
FME US Finance III, Inc. 2021 
$ 650,000 
December 1, 2031 
All Bonds issued by entities other than the Issuer are guaranteed by the Issuer. All U.S. dollar 
Bonds outstanding may be redeemed at the option of the respective issuers at any time at 100% 
of principal plus accrued interest and a premium calculated pursuant to the terms of the applicable 
indenture. The holders of our Bonds have the right to request that the issuers repurchase the Bonds 
at 101% of principal plus accrued interest upon the occurrence of a change of control of the Issuer 
followed by a decline in the ratings of the respective Bonds.  
The Issuer has agreed to a number of covenants to provide protection to the bond holders which, 
under certain circumstances, limit the ability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries to, among other 
things, incur debt, incur liens, engage in sale-leaseback transactions and merge or consolidate with 
other companies or sell assets. As of the date of the Prospectus, the Issuer is in compliance with 
all of its covenants under the bonds. 
15.2.2 
Schuldschein loans 
As of December 31, 2024, the Issuer had Schuldschein loans outstanding with a carrying amount 
of EUR 228.4 million and maturities of 5 and 7 years, respectively, at variable interest rates. The 
proceeds were used for general corporate purposes including refinancing of existing liabilities. 
15.2.3 
Maturity profile 
The following chart summarizes our significant long-term financing instruments as well as their ma-
turity structure at December 31, 2024:

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
15.3 
Commercial Paper Program 
The Issuer maintains a commercial paper program under which short-term notes of up to EUR 1.5 
billion can be issued. As of December 31, 2024, no notes are outstanding under the commercial 
paper program. 
15.4 
Credit Lines and other Sources of Liquidity 
In addition to the financial liabilities described above, the Group maintains additional credit facilities 
which have not been utilized, or have been utilized in part. As of December 31, 2024, our available 
borrowing capacity under unutilized credit facilities amounted to approximately EUR 3.5 billion, in-
cluding the Syndicated Credit Facility which accounted for EUR 2 billion in unutilized available bor-
rowing capacity.  
The following table summarizes our available sources of liquidity at December 31, 2024: 
Available sources of liquidity 
in € M 
Expiration per period of 
Total 
Less than 1 1-3 years 3-5 years 
Over 5 
Syndicated Credit Facility 
 
2,000
—  
—  
2,000  
—
Other unused lines of credit 
 
1,508  
938  
570  
—  
—
 
3,508  
938  
570  
2,000  
—
 
The Issuer adjusts its bilateral credit facilities as needed on an ongoing basis and in the ordinary 
course of business to secure liquidity at attractive terms at all times which may have an effect on 
the above-mentioned borrowing capacity. 
15.5 
Trademark License 
Our principal trademarks and corporate names are or comprise the designation "Fresenius Medical 
Care" which we use stand-alone or together with a triangular "F" figure in our corporate logo. Frese-
nius SE continues to own the name "Fresenius" and several marks containing "Fresenius" 
25
0
500
1000
1500
2000
2028
-
MATURITY STRUCTURE OF OUR SIGNIFICANT LONG-TERM FINANCING INSTRUMENT
(BASED ON NOMINAL AMOUNTS OUTSTANDING) 
Schuldschein loans
Bonds EUR
Bonds USD
2031
1588
2025
500
2026
818
1100
2030
750
2029
481
500
200
2027
750

--- Page 82 ---
82 
(Fresenius Marks). The use of "Fresenius" in our trademarks is based on an exclusive, perpetual, 
royalty-free license granted by Fresenius SE to Fresenius Medical Care Deutschland GmbH (D-
GmbH), for our benefit and that of our affiliates, to use "Fresenius Medical Care" in our names, and 
to use the Fresenius marks, including some combination marks containing the Fresenius name that 
were used by the worldwide dialysis business of Fresenius SE, and the "Fresenius Marks" as a 
trademark in all aspects of the renal business. D-GmbH, for our benefit and that of our affiliates, 
has also been granted a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual license to use the "Fresenius Marks" in 
the former National Medical Care non-renal business if it is used as part of a trademark containing 
the words "Fresenius Medical Care" together with one or more descriptive words, such as "Frese-
nius Medical Care Vascular Care" or "Fresenius Medical Care Physician Services." 
We and our affiliates have the right to use "Fresenius Marks" in other medical businesses only with 
the consent of Fresenius SE. Fresenius SE may not unreasonably withhold its consent. Fresenius 
SE will not use or license third parties to use the Fresenius Marks in the renal business worldwide 
and will not use the Fresenius Marks alone or in combination with any other words in the US and 
Canada, except in combination with one or more additional words such as "Pharma Home Care" 
as a service mark in connection with its home care business. 
The Trademark License Agreement remains in full force after our Conversion and related decon-
solidation from Fresenius SE with some amendments/clarification concerning, inter alia, standards 
regarding the use of the "Fresenius Marks" (details to be defined in Branding Guidelines jointly 
developed by Fresenius SE and us), limits on the current and future stand-alone use of the "Frese-
nius" name by us, the introduction of customary termination rights for good cause and the introduc-
tion of reporting obligations regarding any harmful use of the Licensed Marks and/or the "Fresenius" 
name. Fresenius SE also has the right to terminate the license if, among other causes, a direct 
competitor of Fresenius SE acquires control of the Company or any other third party acquires con-
trol of the Company and Fresenius SE, acting reasonably, expects such acquisition to result in a 
not insignificant risk of negative impact on the Fresenius brand. In both cases, "control" is defined 
as acquisition of 30% or more of our shares. Such termination is with immediate effect, but we may 
continue using the "Fresenius" name for 18 months to facilitate rebranding efforts. 
15.6 
Real Property Leases 
For information with respect to our leases with Fresenius SE for our principal manufacturing facili-
ties and our German corporate headquarters, see note 6 to the audited consolidated financial state-
ments (IFRS Accounting Standards) of the Issuer as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 
2024, included on pages 306 to 309 in our in German-language "Geschäftsbericht 2024", which 
are incorporated by reference into the Prospectus. 
16. 
Recent Events 
In February 2025, the Company signed an agreement to sell select assets of the Company's wholly 
owned Spectra Laboratories, currently included in its Care Delivery segment.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
VI. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the 
Terms and Conditions) are set forth below 
for two options: 
 
Die Emissionsbedingungen für die Schuldver-
schreibungen (die Emissionsbedingungen) 
sind nachfolgend in zwei Optionen aufgeführt.  
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Con-
ditions that apply to Series of Notes with fixed 
interest rates. 
 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbe-
dingungen, der auf Serien von Schuldver-
schreibungen mit fester Verzinsung Anwen-
dung findet.  
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Con-
ditions that apply to Series of Notes with float-
ing interest rates. 
 
Option II umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbe-
dingungen, der auf Serien von Schuldver-
schreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung An-
wendung findet.  
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of 
these Options contains certain further options, 
which are characterized accordingly by indi-
cating the respective optional provision 
through instructions and explanatory notes set 
out in square brackets within the set of Terms 
and Conditions. 
 
Der Satz von Emissionsbedingungen für jede 
dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Op-
tionen, die entsprechend gekennzeichnet sind, 
indem die jeweilige optionale Bestimmung 
durch Instruktionen und Erklärungen in ecki-
gen Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der Emis-
sionsbedingungen bezeichnet wird.  
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, 
which of Option I or Option II including certain 
further options contained therein, respectively, 
shall apply with respect to an individual issue 
of Notes, either by replicating the relevant pro-
visions or by referring to the relevant options. 
 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die 
Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I oder 
Option II (einschließlich der jeweils enthalte-
nen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die 
einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibun-
gen Anwendung findet, indem entweder die 
betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder 
auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen wird. 
To the extent that, upon the approval of the 
Prospectus, the Issuer had no knowledge of 
certain items which are applicable to an indi-
vidual issue of Notes, the Prospectus contains 
placeholders set out in square brackets which 
include the relevant items that will be com-
pleted by the Final Terms. 
 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billi-
gung des Prospektes keine Kenntnis von be-
stimmten Angaben hatte, die auf eine einzelne 
Emission von Schuldverschreibungen an-
wendbar sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Platz-
halter in eckigen Klammern, die die maßgebli-
chen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu 
vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
[In case the options applicable to an indi-
vidual issue are to be determined by refer-
ring in the Final Terms to the relevant op-
tions contained in the set of Terms and 
Conditions for Option I or Option II: 
 
[Im Fall, dass die Optionen, die für eine ein-
zelne Emission anwendbar sind, in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen durch Verweis 
auf die weiteren Optionen bestimmt wer-
den, die im Satz der Emissionsbedingun-
gen der Option I oder Option II enthalten 
sind: 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
apply to the Notes as completed by the terms 
of the final terms which are attached hereto 
(the Final Terms). The blanks in the provisions 
of these Terms and Conditions which are ap-
plicable to the Notes shall be deemed to be 
completed by the information contained in the 
Final Terms as if such information were in-
serted in the blanks of such provisions; alter-
native or optional provisions of these Terms 
and Conditions as to which the corresponding 
provisions of the Final Terms are not com-
pleted or are deleted shall be deemed to be 
deleted from these Terms and Conditions; and 
all provisions of these Terms and Conditions 
which are inapplicable to the Notes (including 
instructions, explanatory notes and text set out 
in square brackets) shall be deemed to be de-
leted from these Terms and Conditions, as re-
quired to give effect to the terms of the Final 
Terms.] 
 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedin-
gungen gelten für diese Schuldverschreibun-
gen so, wie sie durch die Angaben der beige-
fügten endgültigen Bedingungen (die Endgül-
tigen Bedingungen) vervollständigt werden. 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch die in 
den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen 
Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in 
den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese 
Angaben ausgefüllt wären; alternative oder 
wählbare Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbe-
dingungen, deren Entsprechungen in den 
Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt 
oder die gestrichen sind, gelten als aus diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen nicht anwend-
baren Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedin-
gungen (einschließlich der Anweisungen, An-
merkungen und der Texte in eckigen Klam-
mern) gelten als aus diesen Emissionsbedin-
gungen gestrichen, so dass die Bestimmun-
gen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung er-
halten.]

--- Page 85 ---
85 
OPTION I – Terms and Conditions for Notes 
with fixed rate 
 
OPTION I – Emissionsbedingungen für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzin-
sung 
§ 1 
(CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM) 
 
§ 1 
(WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM) 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. 
 
(1) 
Währung; Stückelung. 
This series of notes (the Notes) of 
Fresenius Medical Care AG (also re-
ferred to as the Issuer) is being issued 
in [Specified Currency] (the Specified 
Currency) in the aggregate principal 
amount [in the case the Global Note is 
a New Global Note (NGN) the follow-
ing applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [ag-
gregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate 
principal 
amount 
in 
words]) in the denomination of [Speci-
fied Denomination] (the Specified De-
nomination). 
 
Diese Serie von Schuldverschreibun-
gen (die Schuldverschreibungen) der 
Fresenius Medical Care AG (auch als 
die Emittentin bezeichnet) wird in 
[Festgelegte Währung] (die Festge-
legte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag 
[falls die Globalurkunde eine New 
Global Note (NGN) ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(4))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Ge-
samtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stücke-
lung] (die Festgelegte Stückelung) 
begeben. 
(2) 
Form. 
 
(2) 
Form. 
The Notes are being issued in bearer 
form.  
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented 
by a Permanent Global Note the following 
applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) 
Permanent Global Note. 
 
(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
The Notes are represented by a perma-
nent global note (the Permanent 
Global Note or the Global Note) with-
out coupons. The Permanent Global 
Note shall bear the handwritten or fac-
simile signatures of two authorized rep-
resentatives of the Issuer[,] [and] shall 
be provided with a handwritten or fac-
simile control signature by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent [in the case the 
Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: and shall bear the handwritten 
or facsimile signature by or on behalf of 
the common safekeeper]. Definitive 
Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued.] 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die Dauer-
globalurkunde oder die Globalur-
kunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die eigenhän-
digen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften 
von zwei ordnungsgemäß bevollmäch-
tigten Vertretern der Emittentin[,] [und] 
ist von der Emissionsstelle oder in de-
ren Namen mit einer eigenhändigen 
oder faksimilierten Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen [falls die Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: und trägt die eigenhändige oder 
faksimilierte Unterschrift von oder im 
Namen 
des 
Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common safekeeper)]. Einzelurkunden

--- Page 86 ---
86 
und Zinsscheine werden nicht ausgege-
ben.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially rep-
resented by a Temporary Global Note the 
following applies:  
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
anfänglich durch eine Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: 
(3) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
(3) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially repre-
sented by a temporary global 
note (the Temporary Global 
Note) without coupons. The inter-
ests in the Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for in-
terests in Notes in Specified De-
nominations represented by a 
permanent global note (the Per-
manent Global Note and to-
gether with the Temporary Global 
Note, the Global Notes) without 
coupons. [In the case of Euro-
clear and CBL and if the Global 
Note is an NGN the following 
applies: The details of such ex-
change shall be entered in the 
records of the ICSDs (as defined 
below).] The Global Notes shall 
each bear the handwritten or fac-
simile signatures of two duly au-
thorized representatives of the Is-
suer[,] [and] shall each be pro-
vided with a handwritten or fac-
simile control signature by or on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent [in the 
case the Global Note is an NGN 
the following applies: and shall 
each bear the handwritten or fac-
simile signature by or on behalf of 
the common safekeeper]. Defini-
tive Notes and interest coupons 
will not be issued. 
 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) 
ohne 
Zins-
scheine verbrieft. Die Anteile an 
der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
werden gegen Anteile an Schuld-
verschreibungen in den Festge-
legten Stückelungen, die durch 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
Dauerglobalurkunde und zu-
sammen mit der Vorläufigen Glo-
balurkunde, die Globalurkun-
den) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft 
sind, ausgetauscht. [Im Fall von 
Euroclear und CBL und wenn 
die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Die Einzelheiten eines solchen 
Austausches werden in die Auf-
zeichnungen der ICSDs (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
aufge-
nommen.] Die Globalurkunden 
tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen 
oder faksimilierten Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigten Vertretern der 
Emittentin[,] [und] sind jeweils 
von der Emissionsstelle oder in 
deren 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
eigenhändigen 
oder 
faksimilierten Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen 
[falls 
die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
tragen jeweils die eigenhändige 
oder faksimilierte Unterschrift von 
oder 
im 
Namen 
des 
gemeinsamen 
Wertpapierver-
wahrers (common safekeeper)]. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine 
werden nicht ausgegeben.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
(b) 
Interests in the Temporary Global 
Note shall be exchanged for in-
terests in the Permanent Global 
Note on or after a date (the Ex-
change Date) not earlier than 40 
days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. Such exchange shall only 
be made upon and to the extent 
of delivery of certifications to the 
effect that the beneficial owner or 
owners of the Notes is not a U.S. 
person (other than certain finan-
cial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such fi-
nancial institutions). Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note will be 
made only after delivery of such 
certifications. A separate certifi-
cation shall be required in respect 
of each such payment of interest. 
Any such certification received on 
or after the 40th day after the date 
of issue of the Notes will be 
treated as a request to exchange 
the Temporary Global Note pur-
suant to subparagraph (b) of this 
§ 1(3). Any Notes delivered in ex-
change for the Temporary Global 
Note shall be delivered only out-
side of the United States (as de-
fined in § 1(6)).] 
 
(b) 
Anteile an der Vorläufigen Globa-
lurkunde werden an oder nach ei-
nem Tag der Ausgabe der Vor-
läufigen Globalurkunde (der Aus-
tauschtag) gegen Anteile an der 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
ausge-
tauscht, der nicht weniger als 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Bege-
bung der Schuldverschreibungen 
liegt. Ein solcher Austausch darf 
nur nach Vorlage und im Umfang 
von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, 
wonach der oder die wirtschaftli-
chen Eigentümer der Schuldver-
schreibungen keine U.S.-Perso-
nen sind (ausgenommen be-
stimmte Finanzinstitute oder be-
stimmte Personen, die Schuld-
verschreibungen über solche Fi-
nanzinstitute halten). Solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, werden Zinszah-
lungen erst nach Vorlage dieser 
Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung 
ist für jede solche Zinszahlung er-
forderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, 
die am oder nach dem 40. Tag 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, diese Vorläufige Global-
urkunde gemäß Absatz (b) die-
ses 
§ 1(3) 
auszutauschen. 
Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Austausch für die Vorläufige Glo-
balurkunde geliefert werden, dür-
fen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten (wie in § 1(6) definiert) 
geliefert werden.] 
(4) 
Clearing System. 
 
(4) 
Clearingsystem. 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes have been satisfied. Clearing 
System means [if more than one 
Clearing System, the following ap-
plies: each of] the following: [Clear-
stream 
Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Frankfurt am Main (CBF)] [,] [and] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A. Luxembourg 
(CBL)] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
Die Globalurkunde wird solange von ei-
nem oder im Namen eines Clearingsys-
tems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbind-
lichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt 
sind. 
Clearingsystem bedeutet [bei mehr 
als einem Clearingsystem ist folgen-
des anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
Aktiengesell-
schaft, Frankfurt am Main (CBF)] [,] 
[und] 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
S.A.,

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Brussels as operator of the Euroclear 
System (Euroclear)] and any succes-
sor in such capacity. [In the case of 
CBL and Euroclear as Clearing Sys-
tem the following applies: Interna-
tional Central Securities Depositary 
or ICSD means each of CBL and Euro-
clear (together, the ICSDs).] 
Luxemburg (CBL)] [und] [Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV Brüssel, als Betreiberin 
des Euroclear Systems (Euroclear)] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. [Im 
Fall von CBL oder Euroclear als Clea-
ringsystem ist folgendes anwendbar: 
International Central Securities De-
positary oder ICSD bezeichnet jeweils 
CBL und Euroclear (zusammen die 
ICSDs).] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody 
on behalf of the ICSDs and if the 
global note is a NGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new 
global note (NGN) form and are kept in 
custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf of both ICSDs. 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, und falls die Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: Die Schuldverschreibungen wer-
den in Form einer New Global Note 
(NGN) ausgegeben und von einem ge-
meinsamen Wertpapierverwahrer (com-
mon safekeeper) im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt. 
The principal amount of Notes repre-
sented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time en-
tered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in 
the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence 
of the principal amount of Notes repre-
sented by the Global Note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an 
ICSD stating the principal amount of 
Notes so represented at any time shall 
be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalur-
kunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibun-
gen entspricht dem jeweils in den Re-
gistern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs 
(unter denen man die Register versteht, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über 
den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Schuld-
verschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD je-
weils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem 
Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen ist zu jedem Zeitpunkt 
ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den In-
halt des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD. 
On any redemption or payment of inter-
est being made in respect of, or pur-
chase and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the Global Note 
the Issuer shall procure that details of 
any redemption, payment or purchase 
and cancellation (as the case may be) 
in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs 
and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung be-
züglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen stellt die Emittentin si-
cher, dass die Einzelheiten über jede 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf 
und Löschung bezüglich der Globalur-
kunden pro rata in die Unterlagen der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden, und nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der 
in die Register der ICSDs aufgenomme-
nen und durch die Globalurkunde

--- Page 89 ---
89 
principal amount of the Notes so re-
deemed or purchased and cancelled.] 
verbrieften Schuldschreibungen der Ge-
samtnennbetrag der zurückgezahlten 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen 
wird.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody 
on behalf of the ICSDs and if the 
global note is a CGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in clas-
sical global note (CGN) form and are 
kept in custody by a common depositary 
on behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, und falls die Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: Die Schuldverschreibungen wer-
den in Form einer Classical Global Note 
(CGN) ausgegeben und von einer ge-
meinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[In the case the Temporary Global 
Note is a NGN, the following applies: 
On an exchange of a portion only of the 
Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs.] 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Bei Aus-
tausch nur eines Teils von Schuldver-
schreibungen, die durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die 
Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Ein-
zelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in 
die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden.] 
(5) 
Holder of Notes. 
 
(5) 
Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. 
Holder means any holder of a propor-
tionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes. 
 
Gläubiger bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen ver-
gleichbaren Rechts an den Schuldver-
schreibungen. 
(6) 
United States. 
 
(6) 
Vereinigte Staaten. 
For the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions, United States means the 
United States of America (including the 
States thereof and the District of Colum-
bia) and its territories and possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin 
Islands, 
Guam, 
American 
Samoa, 
Wake Island and Northern Mariana Is-
lands). 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedin-
gungen bezeichnet Vereinigte Staaten 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten 
und des District of Columbia) sowie de-
ren Territorien und Besitztümer (ein-
schließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake 
Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE) 
 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG) 
(1) 
Status. 
 
(1) 
Status. 
The obligations under the Notes consti-
tute unsecured and unsubordinated ob-
ligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen 
nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die

--- Page 90 ---
90 
among themselves and pari passu with 
all other present or future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, unless such obligations are ac-
corded priority under mandatory provi-
sions of statutory law. 
untereinander und mit allen anderen ge-
genwärtigen und künftigen nicht besi-
cherten und nicht nachrangigen Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichran-
gig sind, soweit diesen Verbindlichkei-
ten nicht durch zwingende gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen ein Vorrang eingeräumt 
wird. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
So long as any of the Notes remain out-
standing, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have 
been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer undertakes (i) not to 
grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
land charge, lien or any other security 
right in rem (dingliches Sicherungs-
recht) (the Security Interest) over any 
or all of its present or future assets, as 
security for any present or future Capital 
Market Indebtedness and (ii) to procure, 
to the extent legally possible, that none 
of its Subsidiaries will grant or permit to 
subsist any Security Interest over any or 
all of its present or future assets, as se-
curity for any present or future Capital 
Market Indebtedness, without at the 
same time having the Holders share 
equally and ratably in such Security In-
terest. This undertaking shall not apply 
with respect to any Security Interest 
which (i) is provided over any of the Is-
suer's claims or claims of any of its Sub-
sidiaries against any affiliated compa-
nies within the meaning of sections 15 
et seqq. of the German Stock Corpora-
tion Act (Aktiengesetz) or any third 
party, which claims exist now or arise at 
any time in the future, as a result of the 
passing on of the proceeds from the 
sale by the issuer of any securities, pro-
vided that any such security serves to 
secure obligations under such securi-
ties issued by the Issuer or by any of its 
Subsidiaries, (ii) is existing on assets at 
the time of the acquisition thereof by the 
Issuer or by any of its Subsidiaries or is 
existing over assets of a newly acquired 
company which becomes a member of 
the Fresenius Medical Care Group, (iii) 
is existing on the issue date of the 
Notes, (iv) secures a Capital Market In-
debtedness existing at the time of 
 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, je-
doch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen der 
Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt 
worden sind, (i) keine Grundpfand-
rechte, Pfandrechte oder sonstigen 
dinglichen Sicherungsrechte (ein Si-
cherungsrecht) 
an 
gegenwärtigen 
oder zukünftigen Teilen ihres Vermö-
gens oder ihres Vermögens insgesamt 
zur Sicherung der gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkei-
ten zu bestellen oder fortbestehen zu 
lassen, und (ii) soweit rechtlich möglich, 
zu veranlassen, dass keine ihrer Toch-
tergesellschaften Sicherungsrechte an 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Teilen 
ihres Vermögens oder ihres Vermögens 
insgesamt zur Sicherung der gegenwär-
tigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktver-
bindlichkeiten bestellt oder fortbestehen 
lässt, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger zur 
gleichen Zeit auf gleiche Weise und an-
teilig an diesen Sicherungsrechten teil-
haben zu lassen. Diese Verpflichtung 
gilt nicht in Bezug auf Sicherungsrechte, 
die (i) an gegenwärtigen oder zukünfti-
gen Ansprüchen der Emittentin oder An-
sprüchen einer ihrer Tochtergesell-
schaften gegen verbundene Unterneh-
men im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. Aktiengesetz 
oder gegen Dritte aufgrund einer Über-
tragung von Erlösen aus dem Verkauf 
von Wertpapieren bestehen, soweit 
diese Sicherheiten zur Sicherung von 
Verpflichtungen aus diesen durch die 
Emittentin oder durch eine ihrer Toch-
tergesellschaften ausgegebenen Wert-
papieren dienen, (ii) zur Sicherung von 
Vermögensgegenständen bestellt sind, 
die bereits zum Zeitpunkt ihres Erwerbs 
durch die Emittentin oder durch eine ih-
rer Tochtergesellschaften bestanden,

--- Page 91 ---
91 
acquisition that becomes an obligation 
of the Issuer or of any company within 
the Fresenius Medical Care Group as a 
consequence of such acquisition, pro-
vided that such Capital Market Indebt-
edness was not created in contempla-
tion of such acquisition (v) is mandatory 
pursuant to applicable laws or required 
as a prerequisite for obtaining any gov-
ernmental approvals, (vi) is provided in 
connection with any issuance of asset 
backed securities by the Issuer or by 
any of its Subsidiaries, (vii) is provided 
in respect of any issuance of asset 
backed securities made by a special 
purpose vehicle where the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries is the originator of the 
underlying assets, (viii) is provided in 
connection with the renewal, extension 
or replacement of any security pursuant 
to foregoing (i) through (vii) and, (ix) se-
cures Capital Market Indebtedness the 
principal amount of which (when aggre-
gated with the principal amount of any 
other Capital Market Indebtedness 
which has the benefit of a security other 
than any permitted under the subpara-
graphs (i) to (viii) above) does not ex-
ceed EUR 100,000,000 (or its equiva-
lent in other currencies at any time).  
oder am Vermögen einer neu erworbe-
nen Gesellschaft bestehen, die Mitglied 
des Fresenius Medical Care-Konzerns 
wird, (iii) zum Ausgabetag der Schuld-
verschreibungen bestehen, (iv) eine im 
Zeitpunkt einer Akquisition bestehende 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit besichern, 
die infolge der Akquisition eine Ver-
pflichtung der Emittentin oder einer Ge-
sellschaft des Fresenius Medical Care-
Konzerns wird, sofern diese Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeit nicht im Hinblick 
auf diese Akquisition begründet wurde, 
(v) aufgrund anwendbaren Rechts ge-
setzlich vorgeschriebene Sicherheiten 
sind oder solche, deren Bestehen eine 
Voraussetzung zur Erteilung einer be-
hördlichen Genehmigung sind, (vi) im 
Zusammenhang mit durch die Emitten-
tin oder durch eine ihrer Tochtergesell-
schaften begebenen Asset Backed 
Securities (ABS) stehen, (vii) im Zusam-
menhang mit durch Zweckgesellschaf-
ten begebenen Asset Backed Securities 
(ABS) stehen, bei denen die Emittentin 
oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften 
der Originator der zugrundeliegenden 
Vermögensgegenstände ist, (viii) der 
Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder dem 
Austausch irgendeiner Sicherheit ge-
mäß vorstehend (i) bis (vii) dienen und 
(ix) Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten besi-
chern, deren Kapitalbetrag (bei Aufad-
dierung auf den Kapitalbetrag sonstiger 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, für die 
andere Sicherheiten als die nach (i) bis 
(viii) 
zulässigen 
bestehen) 
EUR 100.000.000 (oder deren jeweili-
gen Gegenwert in anderen Währungen) 
nicht überschreitet.  
For purposes of these Terms and Con-
ditions, Capital Market Indebtedness 
means any obligation for the payment of 
borrowed money which is evidenced by 
a 
certificate 
of 
indebtedness 
(Schuldscheindarlehen) or which is rep-
resented by any bond or debt security 
with an original maturity of more than 
one year which is, or is intended to be, 
or is capable of being listed or traded on 
a stock exchange or other recognized 
securities market.  
 
Im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet Kapitalmarktverbindlich-
keit jede Verbindlichkeit zur Rückzah-
lung aufgenommener Geldbeträge, die 
durch Schuldscheindarlehen dokumen-
tiert ist oder durch Schuldverschreibun-
gen oder sonstige Wertpapiere mit einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als ei-
nem Jahr, die an einer Börse oder an ei-
nem anderen anerkannten Wertpapier-
markt zugelassen oder gehandelt wer-
den oder zugelassen oder gehandelt

--- Page 92 ---
92 
werden können, verbrieft, verkörpert 
oder dokumentiert ist. 
Fresenius Medical Care Group means 
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on a con-
solidated basis. 
 
Fresenius Medical Care-Konzern be-
zeichnet die Emittentin und ihre Toch-
tergesellschaften auf konsolidierter Ba-
sis. 
Subsidiary means, with respect to any 
Person, any corporation, limited liability 
company, association, partnership or 
other business entity whose results of 
operations are consolidated in accord-
ance with IFRS Accounting Standards 
with those of: 
 
Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet in Be-
zug auf einen Rechtsträger, eine Kapi-
talgesellschaft, eine Gesellschaft mit 
Haftungsbeschränkung, eine Vereini-
gung, eine Personengesellschaft oder 
ein sonstiges Unternehmen, deren bzw. 
dessen Ergebnisse gemäß den IFRS 
Accounting Standards mit den Ergeb-
nissen folgender Personen konsolidiert 
werden: 
(a) 
such Person; 
 
(a) 
dieses Rechtsträgers; 
(b) 
such Person and one or more 
Subsidiaries of such Person; or 
 
(b) 
dieses Rechtsträgers und einer 
oder mehreren Tochtergesell-
schaften dieses Rechtsträgers; 
oder 
(c) 
one or more Subsidiaries of such 
Person.  
 
(c) 
einer oder mehrerer Tochterge-
sellschaften dieses Rechtsträ-
gers. 
IFRS Accounting Standards refers to 
IFRS Accounting Standards of the Inter-
national Accounting Standards Board 
(IASB), as adopted by the European 
Union. 
 
IFRS Accounting Standards bezeich-
net die IFRS Accounting Standards des 
International 
Accounting 
Standards 
Board (IASB), wie sie von der Europäi-
schen Union anerkannt werden. 
§ 3 
(INTEREST) 
 
§ 3 
(ZINSEN) 
(1) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment 
Dates. 
 
(1) 
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their 
Specified Denomination at the rate of 
[Rate of Interest]% per annum from 
(and including) [Interest Commence-
ment Date] to (but excluding) the Ma-
turity Date (as defined in § 5(1)). Inter-
est shall be payable in arrear on [Inter-
est Payment Date(s)] in each year 
(each such date, an Interest Payment 
Date). The first payment of interest shall 
be made on [First Interest Payment 
Date] [if the First Interest Payment 
Date is not the first anniversary of the 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden be-
zogen auf ihre Festgelegte Stückelung 
verzinst, und zwar vom [Verzinsungs-
beginn] (einschließlich) bis zum Fällig-
keitstag (wie in § 5(1) definiert) (aus-
schließlich) mit jährlich [Zinssatz]%. 
Die Zinsen sind nachträglich am [Zins-
zahlungstag(e)] eines jeden Jahres 
zahlbar (jeweils ein Zinszahlungstag). 
Die erste Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster 
Zinszahlungstag] [sofern der erste 
Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste Jah-
restag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist,

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Interest Commencement Date, the 
following applies: and will amount to 
[Initial Broken Amount per Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomi-
nation.] [If the Maturity Date is not an 
Interest Payment Date, the following 
applies: Interest in respect of the period 
from (and including) [last Interest Pay-
ment Date preceding the Maturity 
Date] to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date will amount to [Final Broken 
Amount per Specified Denomination] 
per Specified Denomination.] 
ist folgendes anwendbar: und beläuft 
sich auf [anfänglicher Bruchteilzins-
betrag je Festgelegte Stückelung] je 
Festgelegte Stückelung.] [Sofern der 
Fälligkeitstag kein Zinszahlungstag 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Die Zin-
sen für den Zeitraum vom [letzter dem 
Fälligkeitstag vorausgehender Zins-
zahlungstag] (einschließlich) bis zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen 
sich auf [abschließender Bruchteil-
zinsbetrag je Festgelegte Stücke-
lung] je Festgelegte Stückelung.] 
(2) 
Accrual of Interest. 
 
(2) 
Auflaufende Zinsen. 
The Notes shall cease to bear interest 
from the expiry of the day preceding the 
day on which they are due for redemp-
tion. If the Issuer for any reason fails to 
redeem the Notes when due, interest 
shall continue to accrue at the default 
rate of interest established by statutory 
law1 on the outstanding aggregate prin-
cipal amount of the Notes from (and in-
cluding) the due date to (but excluding) 
the day on which such redemption pay-
ment is made to the Holders. 
 
Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibun-
gen endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der 
dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die 
Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen 
bei Fälligkeit aus irgendeinem Grund 
nicht zurückzahlt, wird der ausstehende 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen von dem Tag der Fällig-
keit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
vollständigen Rückzahlung an die Gläu-
biger (ausschließlich) mit dem gesetz-
lich bestimmten Verzugszins2 verzinst. 
(3) 
Calculation of Interest for Periods other 
than a full year. 
 
(3) 
Berechnung der Zinsen für Zeiträume, 
die nicht einem vollen Jahr entspre-
chen. 
If interest is to be calculated for a period 
other than a full year, it shall be calcu-
lated on the basis of the Day Count 
Fraction (as defined below). [If the 
Specified Currency is Euro and if Ac-
tual/Actual (ICMA) is applicable, the 
following applies: The number of In-
terest Payment Dates per calendar year 
(each a Determination Date) is [num-
ber of regular Interest Payment Dates 
per calendar year].] 
 
Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum, der 
nicht einem vollen Jahr entspricht, zu 
berechnen sind, erfolgt die Berechnung 
auf der Grundlage des Zinstagequotien-
ten (wie nachfolgend definiert). [Falls 
die Festgelegte Währung Euro ist, 
und falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) an-
wendbar ist, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: Die Anzahl der Zinszahlungstage 
im Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein Feststel-
lungstermin) beträgt [Anzahl der re-
gulären Zinszahlungstage im Kalen-
derjahr].] 
 
1  
The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest 
published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288(1), 247(1) of the German Civil Code. 
2  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank 
von Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 Abs. 1 BGB.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
(4) 
Day Count Fraction. 
 
(4) 
Zinstagequotient. 
Day Count Fraction means with regard 
to the calculation of the amount of inter-
est on the Notes for any period of time 
(the Calculation Period): 
 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet im Hin-
blick auf die Berechnung von Zinsbeträ-
gen auf die Schuldverschreibungen für 
einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum): 
[If the Specified Currency is Euro and 
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is applicable 
the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Festgelegte Währung Euro 
ist und Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwend-
bar ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal 
to or shorter than the Determina-
tion Period during which the Cal-
culation Period ends, the number 
of days in such Calculation Pe-
riod divided by the product of 
(1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates 
(as specified in § 3(3)) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or 
 
(a) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeit-
raum kürzer ist als die Feststel-
lungsperiode, in die das Ende 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
fällt oder ihr entspricht, die An-
zahl der Tage in dem betreffen-
den 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
geteilt durch das Produkt (1) der 
Anzahl der Tage in der Feststel-
lungsperiode und (2) der Anzahl 
der Feststellungstermine (wie in 
§ 3(3) angegeben) in einem Ka-
lenderjahr; oder 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer 
than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Pe-
riod ends, the sum of: (A) the 
number of days in such Calcula-
tion Period falling in the Determi-
nation Period in which the Calcu-
lation Period begins divided by 
the product of (1) the number of 
days in such Determination Pe-
riod and (2) the number of Deter-
mination Dates (as specified in 
§ 3(3)) that would occur in one 
calendar year and (B) the number 
of days in such Calculation Pe-
riod falling in the next Determina-
tion Period divided by the product 
of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates 
(as specified in § 3(3)) that would 
occur in one calendar year. 
 
(b) 
wenn der Zinsberechnungszeit-
raum länger ist als die Feststel-
lungsperiode, in die das Ende 
des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
fällt, die Summe aus (A) der An-
zahl der Tage in dem Zinsberech-
nungszeitraum, die in die Fest-
stellungsperiode fallen, in wel-
cher der Zinsberechnungszeit-
raum beginnt, geteilt durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der 
Tage in dieser Feststellungsperi-
ode und (2) der Anzahl der Fest-
stellungstermine (wie in § 3(3) 
angegeben) in einem Kalender-
jahr und (B) der Anzahl der Tage 
in 
dem 
Zinsberechnungszeit-
raum, die in die nächste Feststel-
lungsperiode fallen, geteilt durch 
das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl 
der Tage in dieser Feststellungs-
periode und (2) der Anzahl der 
Feststellungstermine 
(wie 
in 
§ 3(3) angegeben) in einem Ka-
lenderjahr. 
Determination Period means the pe-
riod from (and including) a Determina-
tion Date to, (but excluding) the next 
 
Feststellungsperiode ist die Periode 
ab einem Feststellungstermin (ein-
schließlich 
desselben) 
bis 
zum

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Determination Date. For the purpose of 
determining the relevant Determination 
Period, [deemed Interest Payment 
Date(s)] shall [each] be deemed to be a 
Determination Date.] 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(aus-
schließlich desselben). Zum Zwecke 
der Bestimmung der maßgeblichen 
Feststellungsperiode ist [fiktive(r) Zins-
zahlungstag(e)] [jeweils] ein Feststel-
lungstermin.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or 
Bond Basis the following applies: the 
number of days in the Calculation Pe-
riod divided by 360, calculated pursuant 
to the following formula:  
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder 
Bond Basis, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: die Anzahl von Tagen im Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360, 
berechnet gemäß der nachfolgenden 
Formel:  
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
 
Where: 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, 
in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
 
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
in das der erste Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums fällt; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, 
in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
 
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums un-
mittelbar folgt; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed 
as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausge-
drückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed 
as number, in which the day immedi-
ately following the last day of the Calcu-
lation Period falls; 
 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausge-
drückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der 
auf den letzten Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed 
as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"T1" ist der erste Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in wel-
chem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as 
a number, immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 
30.] 
 
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
der auf den letzten Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31 und T1 ist gö-
ßer als 29, in welchem Fall T2 gleich 30 
ist.] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond 
Basis the following applies: the num-
ber of days in the Calculation Period 
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond 
Basis, ist folgendes anwendbar: die 
Anzahl 
der 
Tage 
im

--- Page 96 ---
96 
divided by 360, pursuant to the following 
formula: 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 360, berechnet gemäß der nach-
folgenden Formel: 
𝐷𝐶𝐹=
[360 × (𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
 
𝑍𝑇𝑄=
[360 × (𝐽2 −𝐽1)] + [30 × (𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝑇2 −𝑇1)
360
 
Where: 
 
Dabei gilt Folgendes: 
"DCF" means Day Count Fraction; 
 
"ZTQ" ist gleich der Zinstagequotient; 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, 
in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
 
"J1" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
in das der erste Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums fällt; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, 
in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
 
"J2" ist das Jahr, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
in das der Tag fällt, der auf den letzten 
Tag des Zinsberechnungszeitraums un-
mittelbar folgt; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed 
as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
 
"M1" ist der Kalendermonat, ausge-
drückt als Zahl, in den der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed 
as number, in which the day immedi-
ately following the last day of the Calcu-
lation Period falls; 
 
"M2" ist der Kalendermonat, ausge-
drückt als Zahl, in den der Tag fällt, der 
auf den letzten Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed 
as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
 
"T1" ist der erste Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
es sei denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in wel-
chem Fall T1 gleich 30 ist; und 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as 
a number, immediately following the last 
day of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
 
"T2" ist der Tag, ausgedrückt als Zahl, 
der auf den letzten Tag des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraums unmittelbar folgt, es sei 
denn, diese Zahl wäre 31, in welchem 
Fall T2 gleich 30 ist. 
§ 4 
(PAYMENTS) 
 
§ 4 
(ZAHLUNGEN) 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Payment of In-
terest. 
 
(1) 
Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zahlung von 
Zinsen. 
(a) 
Payment of principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be made, subject 
to subparagraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the accounts of the rele-
vant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
 
(a) 
Zahlungen von Kapital auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehen-
den Absatzes (2) an das Clea-
ringsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der

--- Page 97 ---
97 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest on the Notes 
shall be made, subject to subpar-
agraph (2) below, to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant ac-
count holders of the Clearing 
System. 
 
(b) 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehen-
den Absatzes (2) an das Clea-
ringsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems. 
[In the case of interest payable on a 
Temporary Global Note, the follow-
ing applies: Payment of interest on 
Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account hold-
ers of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde ist folgen-
des anwendbar: Die Zahlung von Zin-
sen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die 
durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde ver-
brieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe des 
nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, und 
zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Beschei-
nigung gemäß § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Subject to applicable fiscal and other 
laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes 
shall be made in the Specified Cur-
rency. 
 
Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und 
sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zah-
lungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
in der Festgelegten Währung. 
(3) 
Discharge. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllung. 
The Issuer shall be discharged by pay-
ment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht 
befreit. 
(4) 
Payment Business Day. 
 
(4) 
Zahltag. 
If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day, then the Holder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next 
such day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
 
Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann 
hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf 
Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am 
jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger 
ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder 
sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
For these purposes, Payment Busi-
ness Day means any day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System is operational 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet Zahltag 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem 
betriebsbereit ist, 
[In the case the Notes are not denom-
inated in Euro the following applies: 
and on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle pay-
ments in [relevant financial cen-
ter(s)][.]] 
 
[Im Fall von nicht auf Euro lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: und an dem Ge-
schäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zah-
lungen in [relevante(s) Finanzzent-
rum(en)] abwickeln[.]] 
[In the case the Notes are denomi-
nated in Euro the following applies: 
as well as all relevant parts of T2 are op-
erational to forward the relevant pay-
ment. 
 
[Im Fall von auf Euro lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist folgen-
des anwendbar: sowie alle betroffenen 
Bereiche des T2 betriebsbereit sind, um 
die betreffenden Zahlungen weiterzulei-
ten. 
T2 means the real time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem, or 
any successor system.] 
 
T2 bezeichnet das Echtzeit-Bruttoab-
wicklungssystem betrieben durch das 
Eurosystem, oder ein Nachfolgesys-
tem.] 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
References in these Terms and Condi-
tions to principal in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applica-
ble: [if the Notes are redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer for other than 
tax reasons or reasons of minimal 
outstanding principal amount, the 
following applies: the Call Redemp-
tion Amount of the Notes;] [if the Notes 
are redeemable at the option of the 
Issuer (Make-Whole), the following 
applies: the Make-Whole Amount of 
the Notes;] [If the Notes are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Transaction Trigger Event the follow-
ing applies: the Event Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] [if the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the 
Holder other than for reason of a 
Change of Control the following ap-
plies: the Put Redemption Amount of 
the Notes;] and any premium and any 
other amounts which may be payable 
under or in respect of the Notes. Refer-
ences in these Terms and Conditions to 
interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
deemed to include, as applicable, any 
 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbe-
dingungen auf Kapital der Schuldver-
schreibungen schließen, soweit an-
wendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: 
[falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
anderen als steuerlichen Gründen 
oder aufgrund eines geringfügigen 
ausstehenden Nennbetrags vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag (Call) der Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vor-
zeitig zurückzuzahlen (Make-Whole), 
ist folgendes anwendbar: den Make-
Whole Betrag der Schuldverschreibun-
gen;] [falls die Emittentin das Wahl-
recht hat, die Schuldverschreibun-
gen vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines Trans-
aktions-Ereignisses zurückzuzahlen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: den Ereig-
nis-Rückzahlungsbetrag der Schuldver-
schreibungen;] [falls der Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen, außer bei Vorliegen eines 
Kontrollwechsels, vorzeitig zu kündi-
gen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den 
Wahl- Rückzahlungsbetrag (Put) der

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Additional Amounts which may be pay-
able under § 7. 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden 
Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf Zin-
sen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sol-
len, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche ge-
mäß § 7 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Be-
träge einschließen. 
(6) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. 
 
(6) 
Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. 
The Issuer may deposit with the local 
court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt/Main 
principal or interest not claimed by Hold-
ers within twelve months after the Ma-
turity Date, even though such Holders 
may not be in default of acceptance of 
payment. If and to the extent that the de-
posit is effected and the right of with-
drawal is waived, the respective claims 
of such Holders against the Issuer shall 
cease. 
 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amts-
gericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von 
zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn 
die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmever-
zug befinden. Soweit eine solche Hin-
terlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen 
die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der 
Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
§ 5 
(REDEMPTION) 
 
§ 5 
(RÜCKZAHLUNG) 
(1) 
Final Redemption. 
 
(1) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or 
in part or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their princi-
pal amount on [Maturity Date] (the Ma-
turity Date). 
 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt oder angekauft 
und entwertet, werden die Schuldver-
schreibungen zu ihrem Nennbetrag am 
[Fälligkeitstag] (der Fälligkeitstag) 
zurückgezahlt. 
(2) 
Early Redemption at the option of the Is-
suer for Reasons of Taxation. 
 
(2) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws, treaties, regu-
lations or official position of any Rele-
vant Taxing Jurisdiction (as defined in 
§ 7 herein) or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereto or therein affect-
ing taxation or the obligation to pay du-
ties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation 
or application of such laws or regula-
tions (including the enactment of any 
legislation and the publication of any ju-
dicial decision or regulatory determina-
tion), which amendment or change is 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können ins-
gesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach 
Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kündi-
gungsfrist von nicht mehr als 60 und 
nicht weniger als 30 Tagen durch Erklä-
rung gegenüber der Emissionsstelle 
und Benachrichtigung gemäß § 12 ge-
genüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig ge-
kündigt und zu ihrem Nennbetrag zu-
züglich etwaiger bis zum für die Rück-
zahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließ-
lich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückge-
zahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung

--- Page 100 ---
100 
effective on or after the date on which 
the series of Notes was issued, the Is-
suer is required to pay Additional 
Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date (as defined in § 3(1)), and this ob-
ligation cannot be avoided by the use of 
reasonable measures available to the 
Issuer, the Notes may be redeemed, in 
whole but not in part, at the option of the 
Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor 
less than 30 days' prior notice of re-
demption given to the Fiscal Agent and, 
in accordance with § 12, to the Holders, 
at their principal amount, together with 
interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption (excluding). 
der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze, -ab-
kommen, -vorschriften und offiziellen 
Verlautbarungen 
einer 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 7 dieser Be-
dingungen definiert) oder deren politi-
schen Untergliederungen oder Steuer-
behörden oder als Folge einer Ände-
rung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung 
oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser 
Gesetze und Vorschriften (einschließ-
lich des Erlasses von Gesetzen sowie 
Bekanntmachung gerichtlicher oder auf-
sichtsrechtlicher Entscheidungen) (vo-
rausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder Er-
gänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, 
an dem die Serie von Schuldverschrei-
bungen begeben wird, wirksam) am 
nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie 
in § 3(1) definiert) zur Zahlung von Zu-
sätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser 
Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein 
wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch 
das Ergreifen zumutbarer, der Emitten-
tin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnah-
men vermieden werden kann. 
However, no such notice of redemption 
may be given (i) earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Is-
suer would be obligated to pay such Ad-
ditional Amounts were a payment in re-
spect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at 
the time such notice is given, such obli-
gation to pay such Additional Amounts 
does not remain in effect. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings 
nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frü-
hestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem 
die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
Zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls 
eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen dann fällig sein würde, oder 
(ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu 
dem die Kündigung erklärt wird, die Ver-
pflichtung zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. 
Any such notice shall be given in ac-
cordance with § 12. It shall be irrevoca-
ble, must specify the date fixed for re-
demption and must set forth a statement 
in summary form of the facts constitut-
ing the basis for the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung ist gemäß § 12 
bekanntzumachen. Sie ist unwiderruf-
lich, muss den für die Rückzahlung fest-
gelegten Termin nennen und eine zu-
sammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, 
welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der 
Emittentin begründenden Umständen 
darlegt. 
Before the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this subpara-
graph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fis-
cal Agent a certificate signed by a mem-
ber of the Issuer's management body 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the 
 
Vor Bekanntgabe einer Mitteilung über 
eine Rückzahlung gemäß diesen Best-
immungen hat die Emittentin der Emis-
sionsstelle eine von einem Mitglied des 
Geschäftsführungsorgans der Emitten-
tin unterzeichnete Bescheinigung zu-
kommen zu lassen, der zufolge die 
Emittentin 
berechtigt 
ist, 
eine

--- Page 101 ---
101 
conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and 
an opinion of independent legal counsel 
or tax advisers of recognized standing 
to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such Additional 
Amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
entsprechende Rückzahlung zu leisten, 
und in der nachvollziehbar dargelegt ist, 
dass die Bedingungen für das Recht der 
Emittentin zur Rückzahlung gemäß die-
sen Bestimmungen erfüllt sind; zusätz-
lich hat die Emittentin ein von unabhän-
gigen und anerkannten Rechts- oder 
Steuerberatern 
erstelltes 
Gutachten 
vorzulegen, demzufolge die Emittentin 
in Folge einer entsprechenden Ände-
rung oder Ergänzung zur Zahlung Zu-
sätzlicher Beträge verpflichtet ist oder 
sein wird. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemp-
tion at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons 
of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount, 
the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach 
Wahl der Emittentin bei geringfügigem aus-
stehendem Nennbetrag vorzeitig kündbar 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Out-
standing Principal Amount. 
 
(3) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei geringfügigem ausste-
hendem Nennbetrag. 
If 80% or more in principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding have been re-
deemed or purchased by the Issuer or 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer, the Issuer 
may, on not less than 30 or more than 
60 days' notice to the Holders redeem, 
at its option, the remaining Notes as a 
whole at their principal amount, together 
with interest (if any) accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption (excluding).] 
 
Wenn 80% oder mehr des Nennbetrags 
der dann ausstehenden Schuldver-
schreibungen durch die Emittentin oder 
eine Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückerworben 
wurde, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Frist 
von mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 
Tagen gegenüber den Gläubigern zu 
kündigen und zum Nennbetrag zuzüg-
lich etwaiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen.] 
[If the Holders may request the repurchase 
of the Notes upon a Change of Control, the 
following applies:  
 
[Falls die Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines 
Kontrollwechsels den Ankauf der Schuld-
verschreibungen verlangen können, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: 
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holders upon a Change of Control. 
 
[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontroll-
wechsels. 
Each Holder of the Notes, upon the oc-
currence of a Change of Control Trig-
gering Event, will have the right (unless, 
prior to the giving of the Put Event No-
tice referred to below, the Issuer gives 
notice to redeem the Notes in accord-
ance with § 5(2), i.e. for taxation rea-
sons) to require that the Issuer 
 
Falls ein Kontrollwechselereignis statt-
findet, hat jeder Gläubiger das Recht 
(soweit die Emittentin nicht bereits vor 
Abgabe der Vorzeitigen Rückkaufsgrun-
derklärung (wie nachstehend definiert) 
die Rückzahlung gemäß § 5(2), d.h. aus 
steuerlichen Gründen, erklärt hat) von 
der 
Emittentin 
am 
Stichtag 
den

--- Page 102 ---
102 
repurchases such Holder's Notes on the 
Optional Redemption Date at a pur-
chase price in cash equal to 101% of the 
principal amount together with interest 
(if any) accrued to the Optional Re-
demption Date (excluding). 
Rückkauf seiner Schuldverschreibun-
gen zu einem Kaufpreis von 101% des 
Nennbetrags zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zum Stichtag (ausschließlich) aufgelau-
fener Zinsen zu verlangen. 
In this context the following provisions 
apply: 
 
In diesem Zusammenhang finden die 
folgenden Vorschriften Anwendung: 
Change of Control Triggering Event 
means the occurrence of a Change of 
Control together with a Ratings Decline. 
 
Ein Kontrollwechselereignis liegt vor, 
wenn ein Kontrollwechsel zusammen 
mit einer Ratingherabstufung eintreten. 
Rating Agency means (1) S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited and its subsidi-
aries or successors (S&P), (2) Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH and its subsidiaries 
or successors (Moody's), and (3) Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited and its subsidi-
aries or successors (Fitch), or (4) if 
S&P, Moody's or Fitch, or all three do 
not make a rating of the Issuer publicly 
available, a European-wide reputable 
securities rating agency or agencies, as 
the case may be, selected by the Issuer, 
which shall be substituted for S&P, 
Moody's or Fitch or all three, as the case 
may be. 
 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet (1) S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited sowie 
deren Tochter- oder Nachfolgergesell-
schaften (S&P), (2)·Moody's Deutsch-
land GmbH sowie deren Tochter- oder 
Nachfolgergesellschaften 
(Moody's), 
(3) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited sowie 
deren Tochter- oder Nachfolgergesell-
schaften (Fitch), oder (4) falls S&P, 
Moody's oder Fitch oder alle drei kein 
Rating für die Emittentin öffentlich zur 
Verfügung stellen, eine Ratingagentur 
oder Ratingagenturen mit europawei-
tem Ansehen, die von der Emittentin 
ausgewählt wird und S&P, Moody's 
oder Fitch oder alle diese Agenturen er-
setzt. 
Ratings Decline means that if (a), at 
the time of the occurrence of a Change 
of Control, the Issuer (i) has been rated 
Investment Grade by at least two Rating 
Agencies and such rating is, within 120 
days from such time, either downgraded 
to a non-investment grade rating or 
withdrawn by at least two Rating Agen-
cies and is not within such 120-day pe-
riod subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded to Investment 
Grade by two of the three Rating Agen-
cies, or (in the case of withdrawal) re-
placed by an Investment Grade rating 
from any other Rating Agency or Rating 
Agencies; or (ii) rated below Investment 
Grade and such rating from any Rating 
Agency is, within 120 days from such 
time, downgraded by one or more gra-
dations (including gradations within Rat-
ing Categories as well as between Rat-
ing Categories) and is not within such 
120-day period subsequently upgraded 
 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt vor, 
falls (a) die Emittentin bei Eintritt des 
Kontrollwechsels (i) von mindestens 
zwei Ratingagenturen mit Investment 
Grade bewertet ist und diese Ratings 
von mindestens zwei Ratingagenturen 
innerhalb von 120 Tagen nach dem 
Kontrollwechsel zu einem Non-Invest-
ment-Grade-Rating herabgestuft oder 
das Rating zurückgezogen wurde und 
nicht innerhalb dieser 120-Tagesperi-
ode anschließend (im Falle einer Herab-
stufung) durch mindestens zwei Ratin-
gagenturen wieder auf ein Investment 
Grade Rating heraufgestuft oder (im 
Falle eines Zurückziehens) durch das 
Investment Grade Rating einer anderen 
Ratingagentur oder Ratingagenturen 
ersetzt wurde; oder (ii) unterhalb von In-
vestment Grade bewertet ist und dieses 
Rating von einer Ratingagentur inner-
halb von 120 Tagen nach dem Kontroll-
wechsel um eine oder mehrere Stufen

--- Page 103 ---
103 
to its earlier credit rating or better by 
such Rating Agency, provided that if at 
the time of the occurrence of a Change 
of Control the Issuer carries an Invest-
ment Grade rating of only one Rating 
Agency, it shall be sufficient if the re-
quirements under sub-paragraph (i) are 
met with respect to such Rating Agency; 
and (b) in making any of the decisions 
referred to above, the relevant Rating 
Agency announces publicly or confirms 
in writing to the Issuer that its decision 
resulted, in whole or in part, from the oc-
currence of the Change of Control. 
(einschließlich Untergliederungen in-
nerhalb von sowie zwischen Ratingka-
tegorien) herabgestuft und nicht inner-
halb dieser 120-Tagesperiode anschlie-
ßend wieder auf das ursprüngliche oder 
ein besseres Rating durch diese Ratin-
gagentur heraufgestuft wurde, wobei, 
falls die Emittentin zum Eintritt des Kon-
trollwechsels 
über 
ein 
Investment-
Grade-Rating von nur einer Ratinga-
gentur verfügt, es bereits ausreichend 
ist, wenn die Voraussetzungen in Unter-
absatz (i) im Hinblick auf diese Ratinga-
gentur erfüllt sind; und (b) im Zusam-
menhang mit einer der oben genannten 
Entscheidungen die betreffende Ratin-
gagentur öffentlich bekannt macht oder 
gegenüber der Emittentin schriftlich be-
stätigt, dass ihre Entscheidung ganz 
oder teilweise auf den Kontrollwechsel 
zurückzuführen ist. 
Provided however that no Ratings De-
cline will occur if at the end of the 120-
day period the Issuer has been rated by 
at least two Rating Agencies, it has so-
licited, Investment Grade. 
 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt jedoch 
nicht vor, falls die Emittentin, aufgrund 
einer Beauftragung durch die Emitten-
tin, am Ende der 120-Tagesperiode von 
mindestens zwei Ratingagenturen mit 
Investment Grade bewertet wird. 
Rating Category means: 
 
Ratingkategorie bezeichnet: 
(a) 
with respect to S&P or Fitch, any 
of the following categories: BB, B, 
CCC, CC, C and D (or equivalent 
successor categories); 
 
(a) 
in Bezug auf S&P oder Fitch eine 
der folgenden Kategorien: BB, B, 
CCC, CC, C und D (bzw. entspre-
chende Nachfolgekategorien); 
(b) 
with respect to Moody's, any of 
the following categories: Ba, B, 
Caa, Ca, C and D (or equivalent 
successor categories); and 
 
(b) 
in Bezug auf Moody's eine der fol-
genden Kategorien: Ba, B, Caa, 
Ca, C und D (bzw. entspre-
chende 
Nachfolgekategorien); 
und 
(c) 
the equivalent of any such cate-
gory of S&P, Moody's or Fitch 
used by another rating agency in 
determining whether the rating of 
the Issuer has decreased by one 
or more gradations, gradations 
within rating categories ("+" and 
"-" for S&P, "1", "2" and "3" for 
Moody's, "+" and "-" for Fitch; or 
the equivalent gradations for an-
other rating agency) shall be 
taken into account (e.g., with re-
spect to S&P, a decline in a rating 
 
(c) 
diesen Kategorien von S&P oder 
Moody's oder Fitch entspre-
chende Ratingkategorien einer 
anderen Ratingagentur. Bei der 
Bestimmung, ob das Rating der 
Emittentin um eine oder mehrere 
Stufen herabgestuft wurde, wer-
den die jeweiligen Ratingkatego-
rien weiter untergliedernde Zu-
sätze ("+" und "-" bei S&P, "1", "2" 
und "3" bei Moody's, "+" und "-" 
bei Fitch bzw. entsprechende Zu-
sätze anderer Ratingagenturen)

--- Page 104 ---
104 
from "BB+" to "BB", as well as 
from "BB-" to "B+", will constitute 
a decrease of one gradation). 
berücksichtigt (z. B. entspricht bei 
S&P eine Ratingänderung von 
"BB+" auf "BB" oder von "BB-" 
auf "B+" jeweils einer Herabstu-
fung um eine Stufe). 
Investment Grade means a rating of 
(i) "BBB-" or higher by S&P and Fitch, 
and (ii) "Baa3" or higher by Moody's, or 
the equivalent of such ratings by S&P, 
Moody's or Fitch and the equivalent in 
respect of rating categories of any Rat-
ing Agencies substituted for S&P, 
Moody's or Fitch. 
 
Investment Grade bezeichnet ein Ra-
ting von (i) "BBB-" oder höher im Fall 
von S&P und Fitch und (ii) "Baa3" oder 
höher im Fall von Moody's, oder das 
entsprechende Äquivalent dieser Ra-
tings im Fall von S&P, Moody's oder 
Fitch sowie das entsprechende Äquiva-
lent in den Ratingkategorien einer ande-
ren Ratingagentur, durch die S&P, 
Moody's oder Fitch ersetzt wurde. 
A Change of Control means the occur-
rence of one or more of the following 
events: 
 
Ein Kontrollwechsel bezeichnet den 
Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgen-
den Ereignisse: 
(a) 
any event the result of which is 
that (A) any person or group (Rel-
evant Person(s)) acting in con-
cert (as defined in section 30(2) 
of the German Securities Acqui-
sition and Takeover Act (Wertpa-
piererwerbs- und Übernahme-
gesetz)) or any person or group 
acting on behalf of any such Rel-
evant Person(s), other than a 
Permitted Holder, is or becomes 
the direct or indirect legal or ben-
eficial ownership or any legal or 
beneficial entitlement (as defined 
in section 34 of the German Se-
curities Trading Act (Wertpapier-
handelsgesetz)) of, in the aggre-
gate, more than 50% of the voting 
shares of the Issuer; or 
 
(a) 
ein Ereignis, in dessen Folge 
(A) eine Person oder mehrere 
Personen 
(Relevante 
Perso-
nen), die abgestimmt handeln 
(wie in § 30 Abs. 2 Wertpapierer-
werbs- und Übernahmegesetz 
definiert), oder einer oder meh-
rere Dritte, die im Auftrag einer 
solchen Relevanten Person(en) 
handeln, mit Ausnahme eines Zu-
lässigen Inhabers, unmittelbar 
oder mittelbar rechtliches oder 
wirtschaftliches Eigentum in jed-
weder Form bzw. die unmittel-
bare oder mittelbare rechtliche 
oder wirtschaftliche Verfügungs-
befugnis in jedweder Form (wie in 
§ 34 
Wertpapierhandelsgesetz 
beschrieben) an insgesamt mehr 
als 50% der stimmberechtigten 
Aktien der Emittentin erlangen; 
oder 
(b) 
any sale, lease, exchange or 
other transfer (in one transaction 
or a series of related transac-
tions) of all or substantially all of 
the assets of the Issuer (held di-
rectly or indirectly) to any Rele-
vant Person other than a Permit-
ted Holder, or any person or 
group acting on behalf of any 
such Relevant Person(s). 
 
(b) 
ein Verkauf, ein Leasing, ein 
Tausch oder eine sonstige Über-
tragung (im Rahmen einer einzi-
gen Transaktion oder einer Reihe 
miteinander zusammenhängen-
der Transaktionen) aller oder al-
ler 
wesentlichen 
Vermögens-
werte (direkt oder indirekt gehal-
ten) der Emittentin an eine oder 
mehrere Relevante Personen, 
mit Ausnahme eines Zulässigen

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Inhabers, oder einen oder meh-
rere Dritte, die im Auftrag solcher 
Relevanten Personen handeln. 
Person means any individual, corpora-
tion, partnership, joint venture, associa-
tion, joint-stock company, trust, unincor-
porated organization, government or 
any agency, instrumentality or political 
subdivision thereof, or any other entity. 
 
Person bezeichnet eine natürliche Per-
son, eine Körperschaft, eine Personen-
gesellschaft, ein Joint Venture, eine 
Vereinigung, eine Aktiengesellschaft, 
einen Trust, eine Einrichtung ohne ei-
gene Rechtspersönlichkeit, eine staatli-
che Stelle oder Behörde, eine Gebiets-
körperschaft 
oder 
einen 
sonstigen 
Rechtsträger. 
Permitted Holder means Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA and any of its Affiliates, as 
long as and to the extent Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA or the relevant Affiliate(s) is 
or are not acting in concert with, or on 
behalf of, a Relevant Person(s).  
 
Zulässiger Inhaber bezeichnet die 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA und alle mit 
ihr verbundenen Personen, sofern und 
soweit die Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
oder eine oder mehrere mit ihr verbun-
dene Person(en) nicht gemeinsam mit 
oder im Auftrag einer oder mehrerer Re-
levanten Person(en) handeln. 
Affiliate of any specified Person 
means: 
 
Verbundene Person einer bestimmten 
Person bezeichnet: 
(a) 
any other Person, directly or indi-
rectly, controlling or controlled by 
such specified Person, or 
 
(a) 
jede andere Person, die diese 
Person direkt oder indirekt kon-
trolliert bzw. direkt oder indirekt 
von ihr kontrolliert wird, oder 
(b) 
under direct or indirect common 
control with such specified Per-
son. 
 
(b) 
mit dieser bestimmten Person un-
ter direkter oder indirekter ge-
meinsamer Kontrolle steht. 
For the purposes of this definition, "con-
trol" when used with respect to any Per-
son means the power to direct the man-
agement and policies of such Person, 
directly or indirectly, whether through 
the ownership of voting securities, by 
contract or otherwise (section 15 of the 
German Stock Corporation Act (Ak-
tiengesetz)); and the terms "controlling" 
and "controlled" have meanings correl-
ative to the foregoing. 
 
Für den Zweck dieser Definition be-
zeichnet "Kontrolle" bei Verwendung in 
Bezug auf eine Person die Befugnis, de-
ren Geschäftsführung und Unterneh-
menspolitik direkt oder indirekt zu be-
stimmen (§ 15 Aktiengesetz), sei es 
durch den Besitz von stimmberechtigten 
Kapitalanteilen, eine vertragliche Fest-
legung oder anderweitig, und die Be-
deutung der Begriffe "kontrolliert" und 
"kontrollieren" ist entsprechend zu ver-
stehen. 
Within 30 days upon the Issuer becom-
ing aware that a Change of Control Trig-
gering Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a Put Event Notice) 
to the Holders in accordance with § 12 
stating: 
 
Innerhalb von 30 Tagen, nachdem die 
Emittentin von einem Kontrollwechsele-
reignis Kenntnis erlangt hat, wird die 
Emittentin dies den Gläubigern gemäß 
§ 12 
bekannt 
machen 
(Vorzeitige

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung) und dabei 
folgendes mitteilen: 
(a) 
that a Change of Control Trigger-
ing Event has occurred; 
 
(a) 
dass ein Kontrollwechselereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(b) 
the circumstances and relevant 
facts regarding such Change of 
Control Triggering Event; 
 
(b) 
die Umstände und relevanten In-
formationen bezüglich des Kon-
trollwechselereignisses; 
(c) 
the repurchase date (which shall 
be no earlier than 30 days nor 
later than 60 days from the date 
such Put Event Notice is given) 
(the 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date); 
 
(c) 
den Tag des Rückkaufs (der nicht 
früher als 30 und nicht später als 
60 Tage nach dem Tag, an dem 
die Vorzeitige Rückkaufsgrunder-
klärung erfolgt, liegen darf) (der 
Stichtag); 
(d) 
that each Note will be subject to 
repurchase only in integral multi-
ples of the Specified Denomina-
tion; and 
 
(d) 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
nur in ganzen Vielfachen der 
Festgelegten Stückelung zurück-
gekauft werden; und 
(e) 
the instructions determined by 
the Issuer that a Holder must fol-
low in order to have its Notes pur-
chased pursuant to this § 5[(4)]. 
 
(e) 
die Anweisungen, die ein Gläubi-
ger befolgen muss, damit die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 5[(4)] zurückgekauft 
werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the 
Holder must submit during normal busi-
ness hours at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent a duly completed option 
exercise notice in the form available 
from the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent within the period of 20 days after 
a Put Event Notice is given. No option 
so exercised may be revoked or with-
drawn without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
 
Um ein solches Recht auszuüben, muss 
ein Gläubiger während der allgemeinen 
Geschäftszeiten bei der angegebenen 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine vollständig ausgefüllte Ausübungs-
erklärung in der durch die Emissions-
stelle bereitgestellten Form innerhalb ei-
nes Zeitraums von 20 Tagen nach Be-
kanntmachung der Vorzeitigen Rück-
zahlungserklärung übermitteln. Kein in 
dieser Form ausgeübtes Recht kann 
ohne vorherige Zustimmung der Emit-
tentin widerrufen oder zurückgezogen 
werden. 
The Issuer will comply with the require-
ments of any applicable securities laws 
or regulations in connection with an 
early redemption of Notes at the option 
of the Holders upon a Change of Control 
pursuant to this § 5[(4)]. To the extent 
that the provisions of any securities laws 
or regulations or applicable stock ex-
change listing rules conflict with the pro-
visions of this § 5[(4)], the Issuer will 
comply with the applicable securities 
laws, regulations and listing rules and 
 
Die Emittentin wird die Anforderungen 
der anwendbaren Wertpapiergesetze 
oder -vorschriften im Zusammenhang 
mit einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung von 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Inhaber bei einem Kontrollwechsel ge-
mäß diesem § 5[(4)] erfüllen. Soweit die 
Bestimmungen eines Wertpapiergeset-
zes oder -verordnung oder eines an-
wendbaren 
Börsenzulassungsregel-
werks im Widerspruch zu den Bestim-
mungen dieses § 5[(4)] stehen, wird die

--- Page 107 ---
107 
will not be deemed to have breached its 
obligations under this § 5[(4)] by virtue 
thereof.] 
Emittentin die anwendbaren Wertpa-
piergesetze, -verordnungen und -regel-
werke einhalten und dies wird nicht als 
Verletzung ihrer Pflichten aus diesem 
§ 5[(4)] angesehen werden.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemp-
tion at the Option of the Issuer the follow-
ing applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurück-
zuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. 
 
[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
[If Notes are subject to early redemp-
tion at the option of the Issuer on Call 
Redemption Date(s), the following 
applies: 
[Falls die Emittentin das Recht hat, 
die Schuldverschreibungen nach ei-
gener Wahl an Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
tag(en) (Call) vorzeitig zurückzuzah-
len, gilt Folgendes: 
(a)  
The Issuer may, upon notice 
given in accordance with subpar-
agraph (b), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes with effect on 
the Call Redemption Date(s) at 
the Call Redemption Amount(s) 
set forth below together with ac-
crued interest, if any, to (but ex-
cluding) the relevant Call Re-
demption Date. 
 
(a)  
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie 
gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, 
die Schuldverschreibungen ins-
gesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
zu 
dem/den Wahl-Rückzahlungsta-
gen (Call) zum/zu den Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen 
(Call), wie nachfolgend angege-
ben, nebst etwaigen bis zum 
maßgeblichen 
Wahl-Rückzah-
lungstag (Call) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzah-
len. 
Call Redemption 
Date(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
tag(e) 
(Call) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/-beträge  
(Call) 
[Call Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
[Wahl-Rückzah-
lungstag(e) (Call)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/-beträge (Call)] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]] 
[If Notes are subject to early redemp-
tion at the option of the Issuer during 
Call Redemption Period(s) (Call), the 
following applies: 
[Falls die Emittentin das Recht hat, 
die Schuldverschreibungen während 
einem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungszeit-
raum/räumen (Call) nach eigener 
Wahl vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, gilt 
Folgendes:

--- Page 108 ---
108 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice 
given in accordance with subpar-
agraph (b), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes within the Call 
Redemption Period(s) at the Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth 
below together with accrued in-
terest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the relevant redemption date. 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie 
gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, 
die Schuldverschreibungen ins-
gesamt oder teilweise innerhalb 
des/der Wahl- Rückzahlungszeit-
raums/-räume (Call) zum/zu den 
Wahl- Rückzahlungsbetrag/-be-
trägen (Call), wie nachfolgend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis 
zum 
maßgeblichen 
Rückzah-
lungstag (ausschließlich) aufge-
laufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
 
Call Redemption 
Period(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
zeitraum/-räume  
(Call) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/-beträge  
(Call) 
[Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
[Wahl-Rückzah-
lungszeit-raum/-
räume (Call)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/-beträge (Call)] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]] 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of 
the Holder, the following ap-
plies: The Issuer may not exer-
cise such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under 
subparagraph [(8)] of this § 5.] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahl-
recht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuld-
verschreibung zu, deren Rück-
zahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung 
seines 
Wahlrechts 
nach Absatz [(8)] dieses § 5 ver-
langt hat.] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Holders 
of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 12. Such notice shall specify:  
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12 
bekanntzugeben. Sie muss die 
folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject 
to redemption; 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Se-
rie von Schuldverschrei-
bungen;  
(ii) 
whether such series is to 
be redeemed in whole or in 
part only and, if in part 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese 
Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im

--- Page 109 ---
109 
only, the aggregate princi-
pal amount of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed; 
letzteren Fall den Gesamt-
nennbetrag der zurückzu-
zahlenden 
Schuldver-
schreibungen;  
(iii) 
the relevant redemption 
date, which shall be not 
less than 20 nor more than 
40 days after the date on 
which notice is given by 
the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
(iii) 
den maßgeblichen Rück-
zahlungstag, der nicht we-
niger als 20 und nicht mehr 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag 
der Kündigung durch die 
Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern 
liegen 
darf; 
und 
(iv) 
the 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(iv) 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag (Call), zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemp-
tion of Notes, Notes to be re-
deemed shall be selected in ac-
cordance with the rules of the rel-
evant Clearing System. [In the 
case of Notes in NGN form, the 
following applies: For technical 
procedure of the ICSDs, in the 
case of a partial redemption the 
outstanding redemption amount 
will be reflected in the records of 
the ICSDs as either a reduction in 
nominal amount or as a pool fac-
tor, at the discretion of the 
ICSDs.]] 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibun-
gen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden, werden die zurückzu-
zahlenden Schuldverschreibun-
gen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln des betreffenden Clea-
ringsystems ausgewählt. [Falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen in 
Form einer NGN begeben wer-
den, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Für das technische Verfahren der 
ICSDs wird im Fall einer teilwei-
sen Rückzahlung der entste-
hende Rückzahlungsbetrag ent-
weder als reduzierter Nennbetrag 
oder als Poolfaktor nach Ermes-
sen der ICSDs in das Register 
der ICSDs aufgenommen.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemp-
tion at the Option of the Issuer (Make-
Whole), the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurück-
zuzahlen (Make-Whole), ist folgendes an-
wendbar: 
[(6)] Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer at the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount. 
 
[(6)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
zum 
Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice 
given 
in 
accordance 
with 
subparagraph ([g]), redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes at 
any time [if the Notes are 
subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer insert: 
to 
but 
excluding 
[earliest 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie 
gemäß Absatz ([g]) gekündigt 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt und nicht nur teilweise 
jederzeit [falls die Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen,

--- Page 110 ---
110 
possible par redemption date]] 
together with interest, if any, 
accrued to but excluding the 
redemption date on which the 
Notes will be redeemed. 
einfügen: 
bis 
zum 
[frühest 
möglicher Rückzahlungstag zu 
par] (ausschließlich)] zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zu 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich), an dem die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt 
werden, 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen. 
Notes to be redeemed pursuant 
to this § 5([6]) will be redeemed 
at their Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount together with interest, if 
any, accrued to but excluding the 
date of redemption. 
 
Die 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 5([6]) 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen werden 
zum 
Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zu 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückgezahlt.  
(b) 
The Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount per Note shall be the 
higher of: 
 
(b) 
Der 
Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
je 
Schuldverschreibung entspricht 
dem 
höheren 
der 
folgenden 
Beträge: 
(i) 
the 
Specified 
Denomination; or 
 
(i) 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung; oder 
(ii) 
the Present Value. 
 
(ii) 
dem 
Abgezinsten 
Marktwert. 
The Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent. 
 
Der 
Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrag wird von der 
Berechnungsstelle berechnet. 
(c) 
The Present Value will be the 
sum of 
 
(c) 
Der 
Abgezinste 
Marktwert 
entspricht der Summe aus 
(i) 
the 
Specified 
Denomination 
to 
be 
redeemed 
[if 
Call 
Redemption Date(s) or 
Call 
Redemption 
Period(s) 
are 
not 
specified 
or 
the 
following 
shall 
be 
applicable, insert: which 
would otherwise become 
due on the Maturity Date] 
[if 
only 
one 
Call 
Redemption 
Date 
is 
specified 
and 
the 
 
(i) 
dem 
auf 
den 
Rückzahlungstag 
abgezinsten 
Wert 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung 
[falls 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call) 
oder 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraum/r
äume 
(Call) 
nicht 
festgelegt werden oder 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
sein soll: , der ansonsten 
am 
Fälligkeitstag 
fällig 
werden würde] [falls nur

--- Page 111 ---
111 
following 
shall 
be 
applicable, insert: (i) on 
the Call Redemption Date 
(assuming for this purpose 
that the Notes would be 
redeemed on such Call 
Redemption Date); or (ii) if 
the Call Redemption Date 
falls 
prior 
to 
the 
redemption date, on the 
Maturity Date][if multiple 
Call Redemption Dates 
are specified and the 
following 
shall 
be 
applicable, insert: (i) on 
the Call Redemption Date 
next 
following 
the 
redemption 
date 
(assuming for this purpose 
that the Notes would be 
redeemed on such Call 
Redemption Date); or (ii) if 
there 
is 
no 
Call 
Redemption Date following 
the redemption date, the 
Maturity Date][if only one 
Call Redemption Period 
is 
specified 
and 
the 
following 
shall 
be 
applicable, insert: (i) on 
the first day of the Call 
Redemption 
Period 
(assuming for this purpose 
that the Notes would be 
redeemed on the first day 
of such Call Redemption 
Period); or (ii) if the first 
day of the Call Redemption 
Period falls prior to the 
redemption 
date, 
the 
Maturity Date][if multiple 
Call Redemption Periods 
are specified and the 
following 
shall 
be 
applicable, insert: (i) on 
the first day of the Call 
Redemption Period next 
commencing 
after 
the 
redemption 
date 
(assuming for this purpose 
that the Notes would be 
redeemed on the first day 
of such Call Redemption 
Period); or (ii) if there is no 
Call Redemption Period 
ein 
Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(Call) festgelegt wird und 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
sein soll, einfügen: (i) am 
Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(wobei 
unterstellt 
wird, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an 
diesem 
Wahlrückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
zurückgezahlt 
würden); oder (ii) sofern 
der Wahlrückzahlungstag 
vor dem Rückzahlungstag 
liegt, 
am 
Fälligkeitstag][falls 
mehrere 
Wahlrückzahlungstage 
(Call) festgelegt werden 
und 
Folgenden 
anwendbar 
sein 
soll, 
einfügen: (i) an dem auf 
den 
Rückzahlungstag 
unmittelbar 
folgenden 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(wobei 
unterstellt 
wird, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an 
diesem 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
würden); oder (ii) wenn es 
keinen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
nach 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag gibt, am 
Fälligkeitstag][falls 
nur 
eine 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call) festgelegt wird und 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
sein soll, einfügen: (i) am 
ersten 
Tag 
der 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call) 
(wobei 
unterstellt 
wird, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
am 
ersten 
Tag 
dieser 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call) 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
würden); 
oder 
(ii) sofern der erste Tag der 
Wahl-

--- Page 112 ---
112 
commencing 
after 
the 
redemption 
date, 
the 
Maturity Date], discounted 
to the redemption date; 
and 
Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call) 
vor 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag liegt, am 
Fälligkeitstag][falls 
mehrere 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperioden 
(Call) festgelegt werden 
und 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
sein 
soll, 
einfügen: (i) am ersten 
Tag 
der 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call), die unmittelbar nach 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag 
beginnt (wobei unterstellt 
wird, 
dass 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
am 
ersten 
Tag 
dieser 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call) 
zurückgezahlt 
werden 
würden); 
oder 
(ii) wenn 
keine 
Call-
Rückzahlungsperiode 
nach 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag beginnt, 
am Fälligkeitstag]; und 
(ii) 
the 
remaining 
interest 
payments 
which 
would 
otherwise become due on 
each 
Interest 
Payment 
Date 
falling 
after 
the 
specified redemption date 
to and including [if Call 
Redemption Date(s) or 
Call 
Redemption 
Period(s) 
are 
not 
specified 
or 
the 
following 
shall 
be 
applicable, 
insert: 
the 
Maturity Date] [if only one 
Call Redemption Date is 
specified 
and 
the 
following 
shall 
be 
applicable, insert: (i) the 
Call 
Redemption 
Date 
(assuming for this purpose 
that interest would cease 
to accrue from such Call 
Redemption Date), or (ii) if 
the Call Redemption Date 
falls 
prior 
to 
the 
redemption 
date, 
the 
Maturity Date][if multiple 
 
(ii) 
den 
jeweils 
auf 
den 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
abgezinsten Werten der 
verbleibenden 
Zinszahlungen, 
die 
ansonsten 
an 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag nach dem 
festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag bis zum 
[falls 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) 
(Call) 
oder 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraum/r
äume 
(Call) 
nicht 
festgelegt werden oder 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
sein soll: Fälligkeitstag] 
[falls 
nur 
ein 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
festgelegt 
wird 
und 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
sein 
soll, 
einfügen: 
(i) Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(wobei 
unterstellt 
wird, dass der Zinslauf an 
diesem 
Wahl-

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Call Redemption Dates 
are specified and the 
following 
shall 
be 
applicable, insert: (i) the 
Call Redemption Date next 
following the redemption 
date (assuming for this 
purpose that interest would 
cease to accrue from such 
Call Redemption Date); or 
(ii) if there is no Call 
Redemption Date following 
the redemption date, the 
Maturity Date][if only one 
Call Redemption Period 
is 
specified 
and 
the 
following 
shall 
be 
applicable, insert: (i) the 
first 
day 
of 
the 
Call 
Redemption 
Period 
(assuming for this purpose 
that interest would cease 
to accrue from the first day 
of such Call Redemption 
Period); or (ii) if the first 
day of the Call Redemption 
Period falls prior to the 
redemption 
date, 
the 
Maturity Date][if multiple 
Call Redemption Periods 
are specified and the 
following 
shall 
be 
applicable, insert: (i) the 
first 
day 
of 
the 
Call 
Redemption Period next 
commencing 
after 
the 
redemption 
date 
(assuming for this purpose 
that interest would cease 
to accrue from the first day 
of such Call Redemption 
Period); or (ii) if there is no 
Call Redemption Period 
commencing 
after 
the 
redemption 
date, 
the 
Maturity 
Date] 
each 
discounted to the specified 
redemption date, 
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
endet); oder (ii) sofern der 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
vor 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag liegt, am 
Fälligkeitstag] 
[falls 
mehrere 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstage (Call) 
festgelegt werden und 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
sein soll, einfügen: (i) auf 
den 
Rückzahlungstag 
unmittelbar 
folgenden 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
(wobei 
unterstellt 
wird, dass der Zinslauf an 
diesem 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
endet); oder (ii) wenn es 
keinen 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag 
(Call) 
nach 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag gibt, am 
Fälligkeitstag][falls 
nur 
eine 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call) festgelegt wird und 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
sein 
soll, 
einfügen: 
(i) ersten Tag der Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call) 
(wobei 
unterstellt 
wird, dass der Zinslauf am 
ersten Tag dieser Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call) 
endet); 
oder 
(ii) sofern der erste Tag der 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call) 
vor 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag liegt, am 
Fälligkeitstag][falls 
mehrere 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperioden 
(Call) festgelegt werden 
und 
Folgendes 
anwendbar 
sein 
soll, 
einfügen: (i) ersten Tag 
der 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call), die unmittelbar nach 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag 
beginnt (wobei unterstellt 
wird, dass der Zinslauf am 
ersten Tag dieser Wahl-

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call) 
endet); 
oder 
(ii) wenn 
keine 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call) 
nach 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag beginnt, 
am 
Fälligkeitstag] 
(einschließlich) 
fällig 
werden würden, 
minus any interest accrued to but 
excluding the redemption date. 
 abzüglich etwaiger aufgelaufener 
Zinsen bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
(d) 
The 
Calculation 
Agent 
will 
calculate the Present Value in 
accordance 
with 
market 
convention on a basis which is 
consistent with the calculation of 
interest as set out in § 3 using a 
discount 
rate 
equal 
to 
the 
Benchmark Yield plus [basis 
points] basis points. 
 
(d) 
Die Berechnungsstelle errechnet 
den 
Abgezinsten 
Marktwert 
gemäß der Marktkonvention auf 
einer 
Grundlage, 
die 
der 
Berechnung von Zinsen gemäß 
§ 3 entspricht unter Anwendung 
eines Abzinsungssatzes, der der 
Benchmark-Rendite 
zuzüglich 
[Basispunkte] Basispunkten 
entspricht. 
Benchmark Yield means (i) the yield 
based 
upon 
the 
[Bundesbank 
Reference 
Price 
(Bundesbank-
Referenzpreis)] 
[other 
applicable 
reference price] for the Benchmark 
Security in respect of the Make Whole 
Calculation Date as appearing on the 
Make Whole Calculation Date on the 
Screen 
Page 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Benchmark Security, or (ii) if the 
Benchmark 
Yield 
cannot 
be 
so 
determined, the yield based upon the 
mid-market price for the Benchmark 
Security 
as 
appearing 
at 
[noon 
Frankfurt time] [other relevant time] on 
the Make Whole Calculation Date on the 
Screen 
Page 
in 
respect 
of 
the 
Benchmark Security.  
 
Die Benchmark-Rendite bezeichnet (i) 
die 
auf 
dem 
[Bundesbank-
Referenzpreis] [anderer anwendbarer 
Referenzpreis] der Referenzanleihe für 
den 
Make 
Whole 
Berechnungstag 
basierende Rendite, wie sie am Make 
Whole 
Berechnungstag 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite für die Referenzanleihe 
erscheint, 
oder, 
(ii) 
sollte 
die 
Benchmark-Rendite so nicht festgestellt 
werden können, die auf dem Mittelkurs 
der 
Referenzanleihe 
basierende 
Rendite, wie sie am Make Whole 
Berechnungstag 
um 
[12.00 
Uhr 
(Frankfurter 
Zeit)] 
[andere 
maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit] 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite angezeigt wird.  
Screen Page means Bloomberg [QR 
(using the pricing source "FRNK")] 
[other relevant screen page] (or any 
successor page or successor pricing 
source) for the Benchmark Security, or, 
if such Bloomberg page or pricing 
source is not available, such other page 
(if any) from such other information 
provider displaying substantially similar 
 
Bildschirmseite 
bezeichnet 
Bloomberg [QR (unter Verwendung der 
Preisquelle 
"FRNK")] 
[andere 
Bildschirmseite] 
(oder 
jede 
Nachfolgeseite 
oder 
Nachfolge-
Preisquelle) für die Referenzanleihe, 
oder, falls diese Bloomberg-Seite oder 
Preisquelle nicht verfügbar ist, eine 
andere Seite (falls vorhanden) eines 
Informationsanbieters, die weitgehend 
ähnliche Daten anzeigt, wie von der

--- Page 115 ---
115 
data as may be considered to be 
appropriate by the Calculation Agent. 
Berechnungsstelle 
für 
angemessen 
erachtet. 
Benchmark Security means the [euro 
denominated 
benchmark 
debt 
security of the Federal Republic of 
Germany] 
[other 
relevant 
benchmark] due [specify maturity 
date] [ISIN or other securities code], 
or, if such security is no longer 
outstanding 
on 
the 
Make 
Whole 
Calculation 
Date, 
such 
substitute 
benchmark security chosen by the 
Calculation Agent, having a maturity 
comparable to the remaining term of the 
Note to [if Call Redemption Date(s) or 
Call Redemption Period(s) are not 
specified or the following shall be ap-
plicable, insert: the Maturity Date] [if 
only one Call Redemption Date is 
specified and the following shall be 
applicable, insert: (i) the Call Redemp-
tion Date; or (ii) if the Call Redemption 
Date falls prior to the redemption date, 
the Maturity Date][if multiple Call 
Redemption Dates are specified and 
the following shall be applicable, in-
sert: (i) the Call Redemption Date next 
following the redemption date; or (ii) if 
there is no Call Redemption Date 
following the redemption date, the 
Maturity 
Date][if 
only 
one 
Call 
Redemption Period is specified and 
the following shall be applicable, 
insert: (i) the first day of the Call 
Redemption Period; or (ii) if the first day 
of the Call Redemption Period falls prior 
to the redemption date, the Maturity 
Date][if multiple Call Redemption 
Periods 
are 
specified 
and 
the 
following shall be applicable, insert: 
(i) the first day of the Call Redemption 
Period next commencing after the 
redemption date; or (ii) if there is no Call 
Redemption Period commencing after 
the redemption date, the Maturity Date], 
and that (where relevant) would be used 
at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial 
practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to [if Call Redemption Date(s) 
or Call Redemption Period(s) are not 
specified or the following shall be ap-
plicable, insert: the Maturity Date][if 
 
Referenzanleihe bezeichnet die [Euro-
Referenz-Anleihe 
der 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] 
[andere relevante Referenzanleihe] 
fällig 
[Fälligkeitsdatum 
angeben] 
[ISIN 
oder 
andere 
Wertpapierkennung], 
oder, 
wenn 
diese Schuldverschreibung am Make 
Whole-Berechnungstag 
nicht 
mehr 
ausstehend 
ist, 
eine 
ersetzende 
Referenzanleihe, 
die 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle festgesetzt wird, mit 
einer Laufzeit, die mit der verbleibenden 
Restlaufzeit der Schuldverschreibung 
bis zum [falls Wahlrückzahlungs-
tag(e) (Call) oder Wahl-Rückzah-
lungszeitraum/räume 
(Call) 
nicht 
festgelegt werden oder Folgendes 
anwendbar 
sein 
soll: 
Fälligkeits-
tag][falls 
nur 
ein 
Wahl-Rückzah-
lungstag (Call) festgelegt wird und 
Folgendes anwendbar sein soll, ein-
fügen: (i) Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call); 
oder (ii) wenn der Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
tag (Call) vor dem Rückzahlungstag 
liegt, zum Fälligkeitstag] [falls mehrere 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstage (Call) fest-
gelegt werden und Folgendes an-
wendbar sein soll, einfügen: (i) auf 
den Rückzahlungstag unmittelbar fol-
genden Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call); 
oder (ii) wenn es keinen Wahl-Rückzah-
lungstag (Call) nach dem Rückzah-
lungstag gibt, zum Fälligkeitstag][falls 
nur eine Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call) festgelegt wird und Folgendes 
anwendbar sein soll, einfügen: (i) ers-
ten Tag der Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode 
(Call); oder (ii) sofern der erste Tag der 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode (Call) vor 
dem Rückzahlungstag liegt, zum Fällig-
keitstag][falls mehrere Wahl-Rück-
zahlungsperioden (Call) festgelegt 
werden und Folgendes anwendbar 
sein soll, einfügen: (i) ersten Tag der 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode (Call), die 
unmittelbar nach dem Rückzahlungstag 
beginnt; oder (ii) wenn es keine Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode (Call) nach dem 
Rückzahlungstag gibt, zum Fälligkeits-
tag] vergleichbar ist, und die (gegebe-
nenfalls) 
im 
Zeitpunkt 
der

--- Page 116 ---
116 
only one Call Redemption Date is 
specified and the following shall be 
applicable, insert: (i) the Call Redemp-
tion Date; or (ii) if the Call Redemption 
Date falls prior to the redemption date, 
the Maturity Date][if multiple Call Re-
demption Dates are specified and the 
following shall be applicable, insert: 
(i) the Call Redemption Date next fol-
lowing the redemption date; or (ii) if 
there is no Call Redemption Date follow-
ing the redemption date, the Maturity 
Date][if only one Call Redemption Pe-
riod is specified and the following 
shall be applicable, insert: (i) the first 
day of the Call Redemption Period; or 
(ii) if the first day of the Call Redemption 
Period falls prior to the redemption date, 
the Maturity Date][if multiple Call Re-
demption Periods are specified and 
the following shall be applicable, in-
sert: (i) the first day of the Call Redemp-
tion Period next commencing after the 
redemption date; or (ii) if there is no Call 
Redemption Period commencing after 
the redemption date, the Maturity Date]. 
Auswahlentscheidung 
und 
entspre-
chend der üblichen Finanzmarktpraxis 
zur Preisbestimmung bei Neuemissio-
nen von Unternehmensanleihen mit ei-
ner bis zum [falls Wahl-Rückzah-
lungstag(e) (Call) oder Wahl-Rück-
zahlungsperiode(n) (Call) nicht fest-
gelegt werden oder Folgendes an-
wendbar sein soll: Fälligkeitstag][falls 
nur ein Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
festgelegt wird und Folgendes an-
wendbar sein soll, einfügen: (i) Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call); oder (ii) wenn 
der Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) vor 
dem Rückzahlungstag liegt, zum Fällig-
keitstag][falls mehrere Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstage (Call) festgelegt wer-
den und Folgendes anwendbar sein 
soll, einfügen: (i) auf den Rückzah-
lungstag unmittelbar folgenden Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag (Call); oder (ii) wenn 
es keinen Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Call) 
nach dem Rückzahlungstag gibt, zum 
Fälligkeitstag][falls nur eine Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode (Call) festge-
legt wird und Folgendes anwendbar 
sein soll, einfügen: (i) ersten Tag der 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsperiode (Call); oder 
(ii) sofern der erste Tag der Wahl-Rück-
zahlungsperiode (Call) vor dem Rück-
zahlungstag 
liegt, 
zum 
Fälligkeits-
tag][falls 
mehrere 
Wahl-Rückzah-
lungsperioden (Call) festgelegt wer-
den und Folgendes anwendbar sein 
soll, einfügen: (i) ersten Tag der Wahl-
Rückzahlungsperiode (Call), die unmit-
telbar nach dem Rückzahlungstag; oder 
(ii) wenn es keine Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
periode (Call) nach dem Rückzahlungs-
tag gibt, zum Fälligkeitstag] der Schuld-
verschreibung vergleichbaren Laufzeit 
verwendet werden würde. 
Make Whole Calculation Date means 
the sixth Business Day prior to the date 
on which the Notes are redeemed in 
accordance with this § 5[(6)].] 
 
Make 
Whole 
Berechnungstag 
bezeichnet den sechsten Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß diesem 
§ 5[(6)] zurückgezahlt werden.] 
[if 
the 
Notes 
are 
subject 
to 
Early 
Redemption 
at 
the 
Option 
of 
the 
Noteholder insert: 
 
[falls der Anleihegläubiger das Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zur 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung zu kündigen, 
einfügen:

--- Page 117 ---
117 
(e) 
The Issuer may not exercise such 
option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior 
exercise 
by 
the 
Noteholder 
thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under 
§ 5[(8)].]  
 
(e) 
Der 
Emittentin 
steht 
dieses 
Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung 
bereits 
der 
Anleihegläubiger in Ausübung 
seines Wahlrechts nach § 5[(8)] 
verlangt hat.]  
([f]) 
The Issuer shall on the Make 
Whole 
Calculation 
Date 
immediately after the Make-
Whole Redemption Amount has 
been fixed by the Calculation 
Agent notify such Make-Whole 
Redemption 
Amount 
to 
the 
Noteholders in accordance with 
§ 12. 
 
([f]) 
Die Emittentin hat am Make 
Whole 
Berechnungstag 
unmittelbar nach Bestimmung 
des 
Make-Whole 
Rückzahlungsbetrags durch die 
Berechnungsstelle diesen den 
Anleihegläubigern 
durch 
Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 
bekannt zu machen. 
([g]) Notice of redemption shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Fiscal 
Agent and, in accordance with 
§ 12, to the Noteholders on giving 
not 
less 
than 
[20] 
[other 
minimum notice period (which 
shall be not less than five 
Business Days)] days' prior 
notice of redemption. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify:  
 
([g]) Die 
Kündigung 
ist 
der 
Emissionsstelle und gemäß § 12 
den Anleihegläubigern mit einer 
Kündigungsfrist 
von 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[20] 
[andere 
Mindestkündigungsfrist, 
die 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
fünf 
Geschäftstage betragen darf] 
Tagen bekannt zu geben. Sie ist 
unwiderruflich und beinhaltet die 
folgenden Angaben:  
(i) 
the series of Notes subject 
to redemption; 
 
(i) 
die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen;  
(ii) 
the redemption date on 
which the Notes will be 
redeemed; and 
 
(ii) 
den Rückzahlungstag, an 
dem 
die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden; und 
(iii) 
name and address of the 
institution appointed by the 
Issuer 
as 
Calculation 
Agent.]  
 
(iii) 
den 
Namen 
und 
die 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Institution, welche durch 
die 
Emittentin 
als 
Berechnungsstelle ernannt 
wurde.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemp-
tion at the Option of the Issuer upon the oc-
currence of a Transaction Trigger Event the 
following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei Ein-
tritt eines Transaktions-Ereignisses zu-
rückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar:

--- Page 118 ---
118 
[(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer upon the occurrence of a Trans-
action Trigger Event. 
 
[(7)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Transakti-
ons-Ereignisses. 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of a Trans-
action Trigger Event, the Issuer 
may, upon notice given in accord-
ance with subparagraph (b), re-
deem all of the Notes on the 
Event Redemption Date at the 
Event Redemption Amount to-
gether with interest (if any) to the 
Event Redemption Date (exclud-
ing). 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem ein 
Transaktions-Ereignis aufgetre-
ten ist und sie gemäß Absatz (b) 
gekündigt hat, die Schuldver-
schreibungen insgesamt an dem 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag 
zum 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
wie 
nachfolgend 
angegeben, 
nebst etwaigen bis zum Ereignis-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließ-
lich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu-
rückzahlen. 
The Issuer may waive its right to 
call the Notes for redemption 
based on a Transaction Trigger 
Event by giving notice in accord-
ance with § 12. 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht 
zur vorzeitigen Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund 
eines Transaktions-Ereignisses 
durch Bekanntmachung gemäß 
§ 12 verzichten. 
[If the Notes are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Op-
tion of the Holder the following 
applies: The Issuer may not ex-
ercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under 
subparagraph [(8)] of this § 5.] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahl-
recht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuld-
verschreibung zu, deren Rück-
zahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung 
seines 
Wahlrechts 
nach Absatz [(8)] dieses § 5 ver-
langt hat.] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Holders 
of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 12. Such notice shall specify:  
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12 
bekanntzugeben. Sie muss die 
folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject 
to redemption; 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Se-
rie von Schuldverschrei-
bungen;  
(ii) 
the 
Event 
Redemption 
Date, which shall be not 
less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days after the date 
on which notice of the oc-
currence of the Transac-
tion Trigger Event is given 
 
(ii) 
den 
Ereignis-Rückzah-
lungstag, der nicht weniger 
als 30 Tage und nicht mehr 
als 60 Tage nach dem Tag 
der Mitteilung des Eintritts 
eines Transaktions-Ereig-
nisses durch die Emittentin

--- Page 119 ---
119 
by the Issuer to the Hold-
ers; and 
gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf; und  
(iii) 
the 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(iii) 
den 
Ereignis-Rückzah-
lungsbetrag, zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(c) 
Whereby: 
 
(c) 
Dabei gilt: 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount 
means 
[insert 
amount 
per 
Note]. 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
bezeichnet [Betrag pro Schuld-
verschreibung einfügen]. 
Event Redemption Date means 
the date fixed for redemption of 
the Notes pursuant to subpara-
graph [(7)] (b) of this § 5. 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag be-
zeichnet den Tag, der für die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
gemäß 
Absatz 
[(7)] (b) dieses § 5 festgesetzt 
wurde. 
Transaction means [insert de-
scription of envisaged acquisi-
tion transaction for which the 
Notes are intended to be is-
sued 
for 
refinancing 
pur-
poses]. 
Transaktion 
bezeichnet 
[Be-
schreibung der geplanten Ak-
quisitionstransaktion für deren 
Finanzierung die Schuldver-
schreibungen begeben wer-
den]. 
Transaction 
Trigger 
Event 
means a notice given by the Is-
suer to the Holders [in the case 
of a Transaction Trigger Cut-
off Date insert: on or prior to 
[Transaction Trigger Cut-off 
Date]] in accordance with § 12 
that the Transaction has been 
terminated prior to completion 
and the Issuer has publicly stated 
that it no longer intends to pursue 
the Transaction.] 
 
Transaktions-Ereignis bezeich-
net die Mitteilung der Emittentin 
[Im Fall eines Transaktions-
Stichtages, einfügen: an oder 
vor dem [Transaktions-Stich-
tag]] an die Gläubiger gemäß 
§ 12, dass die Transaktion vor ih-
rem 
Abschluss 
abgebrochen 
wurde und die Emittentin öffent-
lich erklärt hat, dass sie nicht län-
ger beabsichtigt, die Transaktion 
zu verfolgen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemp-
tion at the Option of the Holder the follow-
ing applies:  
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündi-
gen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(8)] Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Holder. 
 
[(8)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des 
Gläubigers. 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of 
the Holder of any Note, redeem 
such Note on the Put Redemp-
tion Date(s) at the Put Redemp-
tion Amount(s) set forth below to-
gether with accrued interest, if 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuld-
verschreibung nach Ausübung 
des entsprechenden Wahlrechts 
durch den Gläubiger am/an den 
Wahl-Rück-zahlungstag(en) 
(Put) zum/zu dem/den Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag/-beträgen

--- Page 120 ---
120 
any, to (but excluding) the Put 
Redemption Date. 
(Put), wie nachfolgend angege-
ben nebst etwaigen bis zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen. 
 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Put) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge (Put) 
[Put Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/beträge] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
The Holder may not exercise 
such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of any 
of its options to redeem such 
Note under this § 5. 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses 
Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor 
in Ausübung eines ihrer Wahl-
rechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt 
hat. 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, 
the Holder must, not less than 
[Minimum Notice to Issuer] nor 
more than [Maximum Notice to 
Issuer] days before the Put Re-
demption Date on which such re-
demption is required to be made 
as specified in the Put Redemp-
tion Notice (as defined below), 
submit during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent a duly completed 
early redemption notice (Put Re-
demption Notice) in the form 
available from the specified of-
fices of the Fiscal Agent and the 
Paying Agent. The Put Redemp-
tion Notice must specify (i) the 
principal amount of the Notes in 
respect of which such option is 
exercised, and (ii) the securities 
identification number of such 
Notes, if any. No option so exer-
cised 
may 
be 
revoked 
or 
 
(b) 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszu-
üben, hat der Gläubiger nicht we-
niger als [Mindestkündigungs-
frist] und nicht mehr als [Höchst-
kündigungsfrist] Tage vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an 
dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklä-
rung (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
erfolgen soll, der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissions-
stelle während der normalen Ge-
schäftszeiten eine ordnungsge-
mäß ausgefüllte Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
(die 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungser-
klärung), wie sie bei den be-
zeichneten Geschäftsstellen der 
Emissionsstelle und der Zahl-
stelle erhältlich ist, zu übermit-
teln. 
Die 
Rückzahlungs-Aus-
übungserklärung hat anzugeben: 
(i) den Nennbetrag der Schuld-
verschreibungen, für die das

--- Page 121 ---
121 
withdrawn. The Issuer shall only 
be required to redeem Notes in 
respect of which such option is 
exercised against delivery of 
such Notes to the Issuer or to its 
order.] 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird und (ii) 
die 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(soweit vergeben). Die Ausübung 
des Wahlrechts kann nicht wider-
rufen werden. Die Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen, für 
welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt 
worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lie-
ferung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen an die Emittentin oder deren 
Order.] 
§ 6 
(THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE 
PAYING AGENT [AND THE CALCULATION 
AGENT]) 
 
§ 6 
(DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE[,] [UND] DIE 
ZAHLSTELLE [UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE]) 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäfts-
stelle. 
The initial fiscal agent (the Fiscal 
Agent) and the initial paying agent (the 
Paying Agent) and its initial specified 
office shall be: 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle 
(die Emissionsstelle) und die anfäng-
lich bestellte Zahlstelle (die Zahlstelle) 
und ihre bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
lautet wie folgt: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesell-
schaft 
Trust & Security Services 
Operations Frankfurt 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesell-
schaft 
Trust & Security Services 
Operations Frankfurt 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Re-
demption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Make-Whole), the following shall ap-
ply: 
 
[falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vor-
zeitig zurückzuzahlen (Make-Whole), 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
The initial calculation agent (the Calcu-
lation Agent) and its initial specified of-
fice shall be: 
 
[●].] 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungs-
stelle (die Berechnungsstelle) und ihre 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lautet wie 
folgt: 
[●].] 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying 
Agent [and the Calculation Agent] re-
serve the right at any time to change 
their respective specified offices to 
some other specified office in the same 
country. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahl-
stelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] be-
halten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
jeweiligen bezeichneten Geschäftsstel-
len durch eine andere bezeichnete Ge-
schäftsstelle in demselben Land zu er-
setzen.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appoint-
ment. 
 
(2) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberu-
fung. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent [or 
the Calculation Agent] and to appoint 
another Fiscal Agent or additional or 
other Paying Agents [or another Calcu-
lation Agent]. The Issuer shall at all 
times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [in the 
case of Notes listed on a stock ex-
change the following applies: [,] 
[and] (ii) so long as the Notes are listed 
on the [name of Stock Exchange], a 
Paying Agent (which may be the Fiscal 
Agent) with a specified office in [loca-
tion of Stock Exchange] and/or in 
such other place as may be required by 
the rules of such stock exchange] [,] 
[and] [(iii)] a Paying Agent in an EU 
Member State, if possible, that will not 
be obliged to withhold or deduct tax in 
connection with any payment made in 
relation to the Notes unless the Paying 
Agent would be so obliged in each other 
EU Member State if it were located 
there, [,][and] [(iv)] a Calculation Agent 
[in the case of payments in United 
States dollar the following applies: 
and [(v)] if payments at or through the 
offices of all Paying Agents outside the 
United States (as defined in § 1(6)) be-
come illegal or are effectively precluded 
because of the imposition of exchange 
controls or similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of such amounts in 
United States dollar, a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in New York City]. 
Any variation, termination, appointment 
or change shall only take effect (other 
than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days' 
prior notice thereof shall have been 
given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 12. 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissi-
onsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle [oder der 
Berechnungsstelle] zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Emissions-
stelle oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen [oder eine andere Berech-
nungsstelle] zu bestellen. Die Emitten-
tin wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine 
Emissionsstelle unterhalten [im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einer Börse notiert sind, ist folgen-
des anwendbar:[,] [und] (ii) solange 
die Schuldverschreibungen an der 
[Name der Börse] notiert sind, eine 
Zahlstelle (die die Emissionsstelle sein 
kann) mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle 
in [Sitz der Börse] und/oder an solchen 
anderen Orten unterhalten, die die Re-
geln dieser Börse verlangen] [,] [und] 
[(iii)] eine Zahlstelle in einem Mitglieds-
staat der Europäischen Union, sofern 
dies möglich ist, unterhalten, die nicht 
zum Einbehalt oder Abzug von Quellen-
steuern oder sonstigen Abzügen ver-
pflichtet ist, es sei denn, dass eine sol-
che Einbehalts- oder Abzugspflicht 
auch in allen anderen Mitgliedsstaaten 
der Europäischen Union bestünde 
[,][und] [(iv)] eine Berechnungsstelle 
unterhalten [im Fall von Zahlungen in 
US-Dollar ist folgendes anwendbar: 
und [(v)] falls Zahlungen bei den oder 
durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahl-
stellen außerhalb der Vereinigten Staa-
ten (wie in § 1(6) definiert) aufgrund der 
Einführung von Devisenbeschränkun-
gen oder ähnlichen Beschränkungen 
hinsichtlich der vollständigen Zahlung 
oder des Empfangs der entsprechen-
den Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich 
oder tatsächlich ausgeschlossen wer-
den, eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter 
Geschäftsstelle in New York City unter-
halten]. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, 
Bestellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel 
wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenz-
fall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger 
hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter Ein-
haltung einer Frist von mindestens 30

--- Page 123 ---
123 
und nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert 
wurden. 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent act solely as the 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und 
die Berechnungsstelle handeln aus-
schließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der 
Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubi-
gern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und 
den Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 7 
(TAXATION) 
 
§ 7 
(STEUERN) 
All payments of principal and interest made by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Hold-
ers shall be made free and clear of, and with-
out withholding or deduction for, any present 
or future taxes or duties of whatever nature im-
posed or levied by way of deduction or with-
holding by or on behalf of (1) the Federal Re-
public of Germany or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, (2) any jurisdiction 
from or through which payment on the Notes 
is made, or any political subdivision or govern-
mental authority thereof or therein having the 
power to tax and/or (3) any other jurisdiction in 
which the payor is organized or otherwise con-
sidered to be resident or doing business for tax 
purposes, or any political subdivision or gov-
ernmental authority thereof or therein having 
the power to tax (each a Relevant Taxing Ju-
risdiction), unless such deduction or with-
holding is required by law. In that event the Is-
suer shall pay such additional amounts (the 
Additional Amounts) as shall result in receipt 
by the Holders of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withhold-
ing or deduction been required, except that no 
Additional Amounts shall be payable with re-
spect to: 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
von der Emittentin an die Gläubiger zahlbaren 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge werden ohne Einbe-
halt oder Abzug an der Quelle für oder wegen 
gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger Steuern oder 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von 
oder im Namen (1) der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder einer dort zur Steuererhe-
bung ermächtigten Behörde, (2) einer Rechts-
ordnung, aus der bzw. über die eine Zahlung 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen geleistet wird, 
oder einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtig-
ten 
Gebietskörperschaft 
oder 
Behörde, 
und/oder (3) einer anderen Rechtsordnung, in 
der die zahlende Partei errichtet ist oder an-
derweitig als gebietsansässig gilt oder im steu-
erlichen Sinn geschäftlich tätig ist, oder einer 
dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten Ge-
bietskörperschaft oder Behörde (jeweils eine 
Relevante Steuerjurisdiktion) im Wege des 
Abzugs oder Einbehalts auferlegt oder erho-
ben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug 
oder Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen 
zusätzlichen Beträge (Zusätzliche Beträge) 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den 
Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den Be-
trägen an Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die 
ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
den Gläubigern erhalten worden wären; je-
doch sind solche Zusätzlichen Beträge nicht 
zu zahlen in Bezug auf: 
(a) 
taxes or duties which are payable 
by any Person acting as custo-
dian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in 
 
(a) 
Steuern oder Abgaben, die von 
einer als Depotbank oder Inkas-
sobeauftragter eines Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder auf eine

--- Page 124 ---
124 
any manner which does not con-
stitute a deduction or withholding 
by the Issuer from payments of 
principal or interest made by it; or 
sonstige Weise zu entrichten 
sind, die keinen Abzug oder Ein-
behalt von Zahlungen von Kapital 
oder Zinsen durch die Emittentin 
darstellen; oder 
(b) 
payments that would not have 
been so imposed but for the ex-
istence of any present or former 
connection between such Holder 
(or between a fiduciary, settlor, 
beneficiary, member or share-
holder of, or a person having a 
controlling power over, such 
Holder) and any Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction including, without lim-
itation, such Holder (or such fidu-
ciary, settlor, beneficiary, mem-
ber, shareholder or person hav-
ing such a controlling power) be-
ing or having been a citizen or 
resident or treated as a resident 
of, being or having been engaged 
in a trade or business in, or hav-
ing or having had a permanent 
establishment in, a Relevant Tax-
ing Jurisdiction other than any 
connections arising solely from a 
Holder acquiring, holding or dis-
posing of, receiving any payment 
under or with respect to or enforc-
ing a Note; or 
 
(b) 
Zahlungen, die nicht erhoben 
worden wären, wenn nicht (i) eine 
gegenwärtige oder ehemalige 
Beziehung zwischen dem betref-
fenden Gläubiger (oder einem 
Treuhänder, Treugeber, Begüns-
tigten, Mitglied oder Gesellschaf-
ter dieses Gläubigers oder einer 
Person, die beherrschenden Ein-
fluss auf diesen Gläubiger hat) 
und einer Relevanten Steuerju-
risdiktion bestehen würde, unter 
anderem in der Form, dass der 
betreffende 
Gläubiger 
(bzw. 
Treuhänder, Treugeber, Begüns-
tigte, 
Mitglied, 
Gesellschafter 
oder die Person, die beherr-
schenden Einfluss hat) Staats-
bürger einer Relevanten Steuer-
jurisdiktion ist oder war oder dort 
ansässig ist oder war oder als 
dort ansässig gilt oder galt oder 
dort ein Gewerbe oder eine Ge-
schäftstätigkeit betreibt oder be-
trieben hat oder dort eine Be-
triebsstätte unterhält oder unter-
halten hat, mit Ausnahme von 
Beziehungen, die allein dadurch 
entstehen, dass ein Gläubiger 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
er-
wirbt, hält oder veräußert bzw. 
eine Zahlung darunter oder in Be-
zug auf diese erhält oder Ansprü-
che darauf geltend macht; oder 
(c) 
payments to, or to a third party on 
behalf of, a Holder where no such 
withholding or deduction would 
have been required to be made if 
the Notes were credited at the 
time of payment to a securities 
deposit account with a bank, fi-
nancial services institution, secu-
rities trading business or securi-
ties trading bank, in each case 
outside the Relevant Taxing Ju-
risdiction; or 
 
(c) 
Zahlungen an den Gläubiger 
oder an einen Dritten für den 
Gläubiger, falls kein Einbehalt 
oder Abzug hätte erfolgen müs-
sen, wenn die Schuldverschrei-
bung zum Zeitpunkt der fragli-
chen Zahlung einem Depotkonto 
bei einer bzw. einem nicht in der 
Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion an-
sässigen Bank, Finanzdienstleis-
tungsinstitut, Wertpapierhandels-
unternehmen 
oder

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Wertpapierhandelsbank 
gutge-
schrieben gewesen wäre; oder 
(d) 
payments where such withhold-
ing or deduction is imposed pur-
suant to (i) any European Union 
Directive or Regulation concern-
ing the taxation of savings, or (ii) 
any international treaty or under-
standing relating to such taxation 
and to which the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction or the European Un-
ion is a party/are parties, or (iii) 
any provision of law implement-
ing, or complying with, or intro-
duced to conform with, such Di-
rective, Regulation, treaty or un-
derstanding, or (iv) the Luxem-
bourg law of 23 December 2005; 
or 
 
(d) 
falls der Einbehalt oder Abzug 
gemäß (i) einer Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung der Europäischen 
Union zur Zinsbesteuerung oder 
(ii) einem internationalen Abkom-
men oder Übereinkommen zu ei-
ner solchen Besteuerung, bei 
dem die Relevante Steuerjuris-
diktion oder die Europäische 
Union Parteien sind, oder (iii) ei-
nem diese Richtlinie oder Verord-
nung oder dieses Abkommen 
oder Übereinkommen umsetzen-
den oder sie befolgenden oder zu 
ihrer Befolgung erlassenen Ge-
setz, oder (iv) dem Luxemburger 
Gesetz vom 23. Dezember 2005 
erhoben wird; oder 
(e) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is payable 
by or on behalf of a Holder who 
could lawfully mitigate (but has 
not so mitigated) such withhold-
ing or deduction by complying or 
procuring that any third party 
complies with any statutory re-
quirements or by making or pro-
curing that a third party makes a 
declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption 
to any tax authority in the place 
where the payment is effected 
(including, in the case of a pay-
ment by a Paying Agent situated 
in the United States, by providing 
prior to the receipt of any such 
payment, a complete, correct and 
executed IRS Form W-8 or W-9 
or successor form, as applicable, 
with all appropriate attachments); 
or 
 
(e) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von dem Gläubiger oder von ei-
nem Dritten für den Gläubiger 
zahlbar ist, der einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug dadurch 
rechtmäßigerweise hätte vermin-
dern können (aber nicht vermin-
dert hat), dass er gesetzliche Vor-
schriften beachtet, oder dafür 
sorgt, dass Dritte dieses tun, oder 
dadurch dass er eine Nichtansäs-
sigkeitserklärung oder einen ähn-
lichen Antrag auf Quellensteuer-
befreiung gegenüber der am 
Zahlungsort zuständigen Steuer-
behörde; abgibt oder dafür sorgt, 
dass dies durch einen Dritten er-
folgt (einschließlich, im Falle ei-
ner Zahlung durch eine Zahlstelle 
mit Sitz in den Vereinigten Staa-
ten, durch Bereitstellung eines 
vollständigen, korrekten und aus-
gefüllten 
IRS-Formulars 
W-8 
oder W-9 oder eines Nachfolge-
formulars, falls zutreffend, mit al-
len entsprechenden Anlagen); 
oder 
(f) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is payable 
by or on behalf of a Holder who 
would have been able to mitigate 
such withholding or deduction by 
 
(f) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von dem Gläubiger oder von ei-
nem Dritten für den Gläubiger 
vorzunehmen ist, der einen sol-
chen Einbehalt oder Abzug durch

--- Page 126 ---
126 
effecting a payment via another 
Paying Agent in a Member State 
of the European Union, not 
obliged to withhold or deduct tax; 
or 
die Bewirkung einer Zahlung 
über eine andere Zahlstelle in ei-
nem Mitgliedsstaat der Europäi-
schen Union, welche nicht zu ei-
nem solchen Einbehalt oder Ab-
zug verpflichtet ist, hätte vermin-
dern können; oder 
(g) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is for or on 
account of the presentation by 
the Holder of any Note for pay-
ment on a date more than 30 
days after the date on which such 
payment became due and paya-
ble or the date on which payment 
thereof is duly provided for, 
whichever occurs later; or 
 
(g) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug 
für einen Gläubiger oder dessen 
Rechnung vorzunehmen ist, der 
Schuldverschreibungen mehr als 
30 Tage nach dem Tag, an dem 
eine Zahlung unter den Schuld-
verschreibungen fällig und zahl-
bar wurde bzw., soweit dies spä-
ter eintritt, nach dem Tag, an dem 
die Zahlung ordnungsgemäß vor-
genommen wurde, vorgelegt hat; 
oder 
(h) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is required 
pursuant 
to 
sections 
1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the Internal Revenue 
Code), or any amended or suc-
cessor version thereof, any cur-
rent or future regulations or offi-
cial interpretations thereof, any 
agreement entered into pursuant 
to section 1471(b) of the Internal 
Revenue Code, or any fiscal or 
regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices adopted pursuant to 
any intergovernmental 
agree-
ment entered into in connection 
with the implementation of such 
sections of the Internal Revenue 
Code; or  
 
(h) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug 
gemäß §§ 1471 bis 1474 des 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 
1986 in seiner jeweils gültigen 
Fassung (der Internal Revenue 
Code), oder einer geänderten 
oder nachfolgenden Fassung da-
von, jeder gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Verordnung oder of-
fiziellen Auslegung davon, jeder 
Vereinbarung, 
die 
gemäß 
§ 1471(b) des Internal Revenue 
Codes eingegangen wurde oder 
jeder steuerlichen oder regulato-
rischen Gesetzgebung, sowie 
steuerlichen und regulatorischen 
Gesetzen oder Vorgehenswei-
sen, die nach einem völkerrecht-
lichen Vertrag, der zur Umset-
zung der Bestimmungen des In-
ternal Revenue Codes geschlos-
sen wurde, vorzunehmen ist; 
oder 
(i) 
any tax imposed on interest by 
the United States or any political 
subdivision or governmental au-
thority thereof or therein by rea-
son of any Holder holding or own-
ing, actually or constructively, 
10% or more of the total com-
bined voting power of all classes 
 
(i) 
jede Steuer, die von den Verei-
nigten Staaten oder einer ihrer 
politischen 
Unterabteilungen 
oder Regierungsbehörden auf 
Zinsen erhoben wird, weil ein In-
haber tatsächlich oder konstruk-
tiv 10 % oder mehr der gesamten 
kombinierten Stimmrechte aller

--- Page 127 ---
127 
of stock of the Issuer entitled to 
vote; or 
Aktiengattungen der Emittentin 
hält oder besitzt; oder 
(j) 
any tax imposed on interest by 
the United States or any political 
subdivision or governmental au-
thority thereof or therein by rea-
son of any Holder being a con-
trolled foreign corporation that is 
a related person within the mean-
ing of section 864(d)(4) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code with re-
spect to the Issuer; or 
 
(j) 
jede Steuer, die von den Verei-
nigten Staaten oder einer politi-
schen Unterabteilung oder Re-
gierungsbehörde der Vereinigten 
Staaten oder darin erhoben wird, 
weil ein Inhaber eine kontrollierte 
ausländische Körperschaft ist, 
die eine verwandte Person im 
Sinne von § 864(d)(4) des Inter-
nal Revenue Code in Bezug auf 
die Emittentin ist; oder 
(k) 
any tax imposed on interest by 
the United States or any political 
subdivision or governmental au-
thority thereof or therein by rea-
son of any Holder being a bank 
extending credit pursuant to a 
loan agreement entered into in 
the ordinary course of its trade or 
business; or 
 
(k) 
jede Steuer, die von den Verei-
nigten Staaten oder einer politi-
schen Unterabteilung oder Re-
gierungsbehörde der Vereinigten 
Staaten oder darin erhoben wird, 
weil ein Inhaber eine Bank ist, die 
einen Kredit gemäß einem Kre-
ditvertrag gewährt, der im norma-
len 
Geschäftsverkehr 
abge-
schlossen wurde; oder 
(l) 
any combination of items (a)- (k);  
(l) 
jegliche Kombination der Absätze 
(a)-(k). 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with 
respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder 
who is a fiduciary or partnership or who is 
other than the sole beneficial owner of such 
payment to the extent such payment would be 
required by the laws of the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction(s) to be included in the income, for 
tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with 
respect to such fiduciary or a member of such 
partnership or a beneficial owner who would 
not have been entitled to such Additional 
Amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, mem-
ber or beneficial owner been the Holder of the 
Note.] 
 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im 
Hinblick auf Zahlungen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen an einen Gläubiger gezahlt, wel-
cher die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder Perso-
nengesellschaft oder als sonstiger nicht allei-
niger wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer erhält, so-
weit nach den Gesetzen der Relevanten Steu-
erjurisdiktion(en) eine solche Zahlung für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begüns-
tigten bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermö-
gens oder dem Gesellschafter der Personen-
gesellschaft zugerechnet würde, der jeweils 
selbst nicht zum Erhalt von Zusätzlichen Be-
trägen berechtigt gewesen wäre, wenn der Be-
günstigte, Gründer eines Treuhandvermö-
gens, Gesellschafter oder wirtschaftliche Ei-
gentümer unmittelbarer Gläubiger der Schuld-
verschreibungen wäre.] 
For the avoidance of doubt: No Additional 
Amounts will be paid with respect to German 
capital gains tax (Kapitalertragsteuer), includ-
ing withholding tax (Abgeltungsteuer), to be 
deducted or withheld pursuant to the German 
Income Tax Act, even if the deduction or with-
holding has to be made by the Issuer or its 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Keine Zusätzlichen Beträge 
werden gezahlt in Bezug auf die deutsche Ka-
pitalertragsteuer (inklusive der sog. Abgel-
tungsteuer), die nach dem deutschen Einkom-
mensteuergesetz abgezogen oder einbehal-
ten wird, auch wenn der Abzug oder Einbehalt 
durch die Emittentin oder ihren Vertreter

--- Page 128 ---
128 
representative, and the German Solidarity 
Surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) or any other 
tax which may substitute the German capital 
gains tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) or solidarity 
surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag), as the case 
may be. 
vorzunehmen ist, und den deutschen Solidari-
tätszuschlag oder jede andere Steuer, welche 
die deutsche Kapitalertragsteuer bzw. den So-
lidaritätszuschlag ersetzen sollte. 
§ 8 
(PRESENTATION PERIOD) 
 
§ 8 
(VORLEGUNGSFRIST) 
The presentation period provided in sec-
tion 801(1), sentence 1 of the German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to 
ten years for the Notes. 
 
Die in § 801 Abs. 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte Vor-
legungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschreibun-
gen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
(EVENTS OF DEFAULT) 
 
§ 9 
(KÜNDIGUNG) 
(1) 
Events of default. 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. 
Each Holder shall be entitled to declare 
due and payable by notice to the Fiscal 
Agent its entire claims arising from the 
Notes and demand immediate redemp-
tion thereof at the principal amount to-
gether with accrued interest (if any) to 
(but excluding) the date of repayment, 
in the event that: 
 
Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine 
sämtlichen 
Forderungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Kündi-
gung gegenüber der Emissionsstelle 
fällig zu stellen und die unverzügliche 
Rückzahlung zum Nennbetrag, zuzüg-
lich etwaiger bis zum Tag der Rückzah-
lung (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zin-
sen zu verlangen, falls: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or 
interest under the Notes within 30 
days from the relevant due date, 
or 
 
(a) 
die Emittentin auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen Kapital oder Zin-
sen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach dem betreffenden Fällig-
keitstag zahlt; oder 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform 
any other material obligation aris-
ing from the Notes and such fail-
ure continues unremedied for 
more than 60 days after the Fis-
cal Agent has received a request 
thereof in the manner set forth in 
§ 9(3) from a Holder to perform 
such obligation; or 
 
(b) 
die Emittentin die ordnungsge-
mäße Erfüllung irgendeiner an-
deren wesentlichen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
unterlässt und die Unterlassung 
jeweils länger als 60 Tage fort-
dauert, nachdem die Emissions-
stelle eine Aufforderung in der in 
§ 9(3) vorgesehenen Art und 
Weise von dem Gläubiger erhal-
ten hat, die Verpflichtung zu erfül-
len; oder 
(c) 
any Capital Market Indebtedness 
of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries becomes prema-
turely repayable as a result of a 
default in respect of the terms 
thereof, or the Issuer or any of its 
 
(c) 
eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
der Emittentin oder einer ihrer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesell-
schaften vorzeitig zahlbar wird 
aufgrund einer Pflichtverletzung 
aus 
dem 
dieser

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Material Subsidiaries fails to fulfill 
any payment obligation in excess 
of EUR 75,000,000 or the equiv-
alent thereof under any Capital 
Market Indebtedness or under 
any guarantees or suretyships 
given for any Capital Market In-
debtedness of others within 30 
days from its due date or, in the 
case of such guarantee or sure-
tyship, within 30 days of such 
guarantee or suretyship being in-
voked, unless the Issuer or the 
relevant Material Subsidiary con-
tests in good faith that such pay-
ment obligation exists or is due or 
that such guarantee or suretyship 
has been validly invoked or if a 
security granted therefor is en-
forced on behalf of or by the cred-
itor(s) entitled thereto; or 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zu-
grunde liegenden Vertrag oder 
die Emittentin oder eine ihrer We-
sentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
eine 
Zahlungsverpflichtung 
in 
Höhe oder im Gegenwert von 
mehr als EUR 75.000.000 aus ei-
ner 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder aufgrund einer Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie, die für Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten Dritter ge-
geben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit 
bzw. im Fall einer Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie nicht innerhalb von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
Inanspruch-
nahme aus dieser Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie erfüllt, es sei denn, 
die Emittentin oder die betref-
fende Wesentliche Tochterge-
sellschaft bestreitet in gutem 
Glauben, dass diese Zahlungs-
verpflichtung besteht oder fällig 
ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder 
Garantie berechtigterweise gel-
tend gemacht wird, oder falls eine 
für solche Verbindlichkeiten be-
stellte Sicherheit für die oder von 
den daraus berechtigten Gläubi-
ger(n) in Anspruch genommen 
wird; oder 
(d) 
the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries announces its inabil-
ity to meet its financial obligations 
or ceases its payments generally; 
or 
 
(d) 
die Emittentin oder eine ihrer We-
sentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
gibt ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit be-
kannt oder stellt ihre Zahlungen 
ein; oder  
(e) 
a court opens insolvency pro-
ceedings against the Issuer and 
such proceedings are instituted 
and have not been discharged or 
stayed within 90 days, or the Is-
suer applies for or institutes such 
proceedings; or 
 
(e) 
ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfah-
ren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, 
und ein solches Verfahren einge-
leitet und nicht innerhalb von 90 
Tagen aufgehoben oder ausge-
setzt worden ist, oder die Emit-
tentin die Eröffnung eines sol-
chen Verfahrens beantragt oder 
einleitet; oder 
(f) 
the Issuer enters into liquidation 
unless this is done in connection 
with a merger or other form of 
combination with another com-
pany and such company as-
sumes all obligations contracted 
 
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, 
es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Ver-
schmelzung oder einer anderen 
Form des Zusammenschlusses 
mit einer anderen Gesellschaft 
und 
die 
andere 
oder 
neue

--- Page 130 ---
130 
by the Issuer in connection with 
the Notes. 
Gesellschaft übernimmt alle Ver-
pflichtungen, die die Emittentin 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
einge-
gangen ist. 
Material Subsidiary means any Sub-
sidiary of the Issuer which: 
 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft be-
zeichnet eine Tochtergesellschaft der 
Emittentin: 
(a) 
has unconsolidated EBITDA rep-
resenting 5% or more of the 
EBITDA of the Issuer and its sub-
sidiaries on a consolidated basis; 
or 
 
(a) 
deren unkonsolidiertes EBITDA 
5% oder mehr des EBITDA der 
Emittentin und ihrer Tochterge-
sellschaften auf einer konsolidier-
ten Basis darstellt, oder 
(b) 
has unconsolidated gross assets 
representing 5% or more of the 
gross assets of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries on a consolidated 
basis,  
 
(b) 
deren unkonsolidiertes Bruttover-
mögen 5% oder mehr des Brutto-
vermögens der Emittentin und ih-
rer Tochtergesellschaften auf ei-
ner konsolidierten Basis darstellt,  
in each case as determined by refer-
ence to the latest audited consolidated 
financial statements prepared in ac-
cordance with IFRS Accounting Stand-
ards. 
 
in allen Fällen bestimmt nach dem letz-
ten geprüften Konzernabschluss, der in 
Übereinstimmung mit IFRS Accounting 
Standards erstellt wurden. 
EBITDA means operating income plus 
depreciation and amortization and is de-
rived from the operating income deter-
mined in accordance with IFRS Ac-
counting Standards. 
 
EBITDA entspricht dem Operativen Er-
gebnis zuzüglich Abschreibungen und 
wird von dem nach IFRS Accounting 
Standards ermittelten Operativen Er-
gebnis abgeleitet. 
(2) 
No Termination. 
 
(2) 
Keine Kündigung. 
The right to declare Notes due shall ter-
minate if the situation giving rise to it has 
been cured before the right is exercised. 
No event or circumstance other than an 
event specified in § 9(1) shall entitle 
Holders to declare their Notes due and 
payable prior to their stated maturity 
save as expressly provided for in these 
Terms and Conditions and subject to 
applicable mandatory law. 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des 
Rechts geheilt wurde. Vorbehaltlich an-
wendbaren zwingenden Rechts berech-
tigen andere Ereignisse oder Umstände 
als die in § 9(1) genannten den Gläubi-
ger nicht dazu, seine Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig zur Rückzahlung fällig 
zu stellen, es sei denn, dies ist aus-
drücklich in diesen Emissionsbedingun-
gen bestimmt. 
(3) 
Notice. 
 
(3) 
Kündigungserklärung. 
Any default notice in accordance with 
§ 9(1) shall be made at least in text form 
(section 126b of the German Civil Code, 
Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) 
to 
the 
 
Eine 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 9(1) hat in der Weise zu erfolgen, 
dass der Gläubiger bei der angegebe-
nen Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle

--- Page 131 ---
131 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent to-
gether with evidence by means of a cer-
tificate of the Holder's Custodian (as de-
fined in § [13][14](3)) that such Holder, 
at the time of such notice, is a holder of 
the relevant Notes. 
eine entsprechende Erklärung zumin-
dest in Textform (§ 126 Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) übergibt und dabei durch 
eine Bescheinigung seiner Depotbank 
(wie in § [13][14](3) definiert) nach-
weist, dass er die betreffenden Schuld-
verschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt der Er-
klärung hält. 
(4) 
Quorum. 
 
(4) 
Quorum.  
In the events specified in subparagraph 
(1)(b) and/or (1)(c) of this § 9, any notice 
declaring Notes due shall, unless at the 
time such notice is received any of the 
events specified in subparagraph (1)(a) 
and (1)(d) through (1)(f) of this § 9 enti-
tling Holders to declare their Notes due 
has occurred, become effective only 
when the Fiscal Agent has received 
such default notices from the Holders 
representing at least 25% of the aggre-
gate principal amount of Notes then out-
standing. 
 
In den Fällen gemäß Absatz (1)(b) 
und/oder (1)(c) dieses § 9 wird eine 
Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Ab-
satz (1)(a) und (1)(d) bis (1)(f) dieses 
§ 9 bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei der 
Emissionsstelle 
Kündigungserklärun-
gen von Gläubigern im Nennbetrag von 
mindestens 25% des Gesamtnennbe-
trages der zu diesem Zeitpunkt noch 
insgesamt ausstehenden Schuldver-
schreibungen eingegangen sind. 
§ 10 
(SUBSTITUTION) 
 
§ 10 
(ERSETZUNG) 
(1) 
Substitution. 
 
(1) 
Ersetzung 
The Issuer (reference to which shall al-
ways include any previous Substitute 
Debtor (as defined below)) may, at any 
time, if no payment of principal of or in-
terest on any of the Notes is in default, 
without the consent of the Holders, sub-
stitute for the Issuer any Affiliate (as de-
fined below) of the Issuer as the princi-
pal debtor in respect of all obligations 
arising from or in connection with the 
Notes (any such company, the Substi-
tute Debtor), provided that: 
 
Die Emittentin (wobei eine Bezug-
nahme auf die Emittentin auch alle 
früheren 
Nachfolgeschuldner 
(wie 
nachfolgend definiert) umfasst) ist je-
derzeit berechtigt, wenn kein Zahlungs-
verzug hinsichtlich Kapital oder Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt, 
ohne weitere Zustimmung der Gläubi-
ger ein mit der Emittentin verbundenes 
Unternehmen (wie nachfolgend defi-
niert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldne-
rin (ein solches Unternehmen ist die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin) für alle Ver-
pflichtungen aus und im Zusammen-
hang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
einzusetzen, vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes 
all obligations of the Issuer in re-
spect of the Notes and is in a po-
sition to fulfill all payment obliga-
tions arising from or in connection 
with the Notes in the Specified 
Currency without, subject to 
 
(a) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuld-
verschreibungen rechtswirksam 
übernimmt und sie sämtliche sich 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen

--- Page 132 ---
132 
subparagraph (e) below, the ne-
cessity of any taxes or duties lev-
ied by the country or jurisdiction 
in which the Substitute Debtor is 
domiciled (other than taxes which 
would also be levied in the ab-
sence of such substitution) to be 
withheld or deducted at source 
and to transfer all amounts which 
are required therefore to the Pay-
ing 
Agent 
without 
any 
re-
strictions, and that in particular all 
necessary authorizations to this 
effect by any competent authority 
have been obtained, and, to the 
extent service of process must be 
effected to the Substitute Debtor 
outside of Germany, a service of 
process agent in Germany is ap-
pointed; 
ergebenden 
Zahlungsverpflich-
tungen in der Festgelegten Wäh-
rung ohne die Notwendigkeit 
(vorbehaltlich Absatz (e)) einer 
Einbehaltung an der Quelle oder 
des Abzugs irgendwelcher Steu-
ern oder Abgaben in dem Land 
oder Hoheitsgebiet, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz 
hat (mit Ausnahme von Steuern, 
die auch angefallen wären, wäre 
die Ersetzung nicht erfolgt), erfül-
len sowie die hierzu erforderli-
chen Beträge ohne Beschrän-
kungen an die Zahlstelle transfe-
rieren kann und sie insbesondere 
jede hierfür notwendige Geneh-
migung der Behörden ihres Lan-
des erhalten hat, und, sofern eine 
Zustellung an die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin 
außerhalb 
von 
Deutschland erfolgen müsste, ein 
Zustellungsbevollmächtigter 
in 
Deutschland bestellt wird; 
(b) 
the Issuer (provided that it is the 
issuer of the Notes at the time of 
such substitution) irrevocably and 
unconditionally guarantees (the 
Substitution Guarantee) in fa-
vor of each Holder the payment 
of all sums payable by the Substi-
tute Debtor in respect of the 
Notes on market standard terms; 
 
(b) 
die Emittentin (vorausgesetzt, 
dass diese zum Zeitpunkt der Er-
setzung Emittentin der Schuld-
verschreibungen ist) unwiderruf-
lich und unbedingt gegenüber 
den Gläubigern die Zahlung aller 
von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge zu marktübli-
chen Bedingungen garantiert (die 
Ersetzungsgarantie); 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor and the Is-
suer have obtained all necessary 
internal approvals and consents 
for such substitution and for the 
giving by the Issuer of the Substi-
tution Guarantee in respect of the 
obligations of the Substitute 
Debtor, that all such approvals 
are in full force and effect and that 
the obligations assumed by the 
Substitute 
Debtor 
under 
the 
Notes and the Substitution Guar-
antee given by the Issuer are 
each valid and binding in accord-
ance with their respective terms 
and enforceable by each Holder; 
 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die 
Emittentin alle für die Ersetzung 
und die Emittentin alle für die Ab-
gabe der Ersetzungsgarantie not-
wendigen internen Ermächtigun-
gen erhalten haben, diese Er-
mächtigungen weiterhin in vollem 
Umfang gültig und wirksam sind 
und 
die 
Verpflichtungen 
der 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen und die 
von der Emittentin gestellte Er-
setzungsgarantie gemäß ihren 
Bestimmungen wirksam, rechts-
verbindlich 
und 
durch 
jeden 
Gläubiger durchsetzbar sind;

--- Page 133 ---
133 
(d) 
§ 9 shall be deemed to be 
amended so that it shall also be 
an Event of Default under such 
provision if the Substitution Guar-
antee shall cease to be valid or 
binding on or enforceable against 
the Issuer; 
 
(d) 
§ 9 dergestalt als ergänzt gilt, 
dass ein zusätzlicher Kündi-
gungsgrund unter dieser Bestim-
mung der Wegfall der Wirksam-
keit, Rechtsverbindlichkeit oder 
Durchsetzbarkeit 
der 
Erset-
zungsgarantie gegen die Emit-
tentin ist; 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor undertakes 
to reimburse any Holder for such 
taxes, fees or duties which may 
be imposed upon such Holder in 
connection with any payments on 
the Notes (including taxes or du-
ties being deducted or withheld at 
source), upon conversion or oth-
erwise, as a consequence of the 
assumption of the Issuer's obliga-
tions by the Substitute Debtor, 
provided that such undertaking 
shall be limited to amounts that 
would not have been imposed 
upon the Holder had such substi-
tution not occurred; and 
 
(e) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich 
verpflichtet, jedem Gläubiger alle 
Steuern, Gebühren oder Abga-
ben zu erstatten, die ihm im Zu-
sammenhang mit Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen (ein-
schließlich Steuern und Abga-
ben, die an der Quelle abgeführt 
oder einbehalten wurden), durch 
den Schuldnerwechsel oder in 
anderer 
Weise 
infolge 
der 
Schuldübernahme 
durch 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auferlegt 
werden, vorausgesetzt, dass sich 
die Verpflichtung auf Beträge be-
schränkt, die der Gläubiger ohne 
die Ersetzung der Emittentin 
nicht hätte tragen müssen; und  
(f) 
there shall have been delivered 
to the Fiscal Agent one opinion 
for each jurisdiction affected of 
lawyers of recognized standing to 
the effect that subparagraphs (a) 
through (e) above have been sat-
isfied. 
 
(f) 
der Emissionsstelle jeweils ein 
Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von anerkannten Rechtsanwäl-
ten vorgelegt wurden, die bestäti-
gen, dass die Bestimmungen in 
den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen 
(a)bis (e) erfüllt wurden. 
For purposes of this § 10, Affiliate shall 
mean any affiliated company (verbun-
denes Unternehmen) within the mean-
ing of sections 15 et seqq. of the Ger-
man Stock Corporation Act (Aktieng-
esetz) held by the Issuer. 
 
Für Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet ver-
bundenes Unternehmen jedes von der 
Emittentin gehaltene verbundene Un-
ternehmen im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. Akti-
engesetz. 
(2) 
Discharge from Obligations. Refer-
ences. 
 
(2) 
Schuldbefreiung. Bezugnahmen. 
Upon a substitution in accordance with 
this § 10, the Substitute Debtor shall be 
deemed to be named in the Notes as 
the principal debtor in place of the Is-
suer as issuer and the Notes shall there-
upon be deemed to be amended to give 
effect to the substitution including that 
the relevant jurisdiction in relation to the 
 
Nach einer Ersetzung gemäß dieses 
§ 10 gilt die Nachfolgeschuldnerin als in 
den Schuldverschreibungen an Stelle 
der Emittentin als Hauptschuldnerin be-
stimmt und die Schuldverschreibungen 
gelten als dementsprechend ergänzt, 
um der Ersetzung zur Durchsetzung zu 
verhelfen, 
und 
als 
die 
relevante

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Issuer in § 7 shall be the Substitute 
Debtor's country of domicile for tax pur-
poses. Furthermore, in the event of 
such substitution, in § 7 and § 5(2) an 
alternative reference to the Federal Re-
public of Germany shall be deemed to 
have been included in addition to the 
reference according to the preceding 
sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor. 
Steuerjurisdiktion in Bezug auf § 7 gilt 
die Jurisdiktion, in der die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin steuerlich ansässig ist. Des 
Weiteren gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung in 
§ 7 und § 5(2) eine alternative Bezug-
nahme 
auf 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als aufgenommen (zusätz-
lich zu der Bezugnahme nach Maßgabe 
des vorstehenden Satzes auf das Land, 
in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren 
Sitz oder Steuersitz hat). 
Any such substitution, together with the 
notice referred to in subparagraph (3) 
below, shall, in the case of the substitu-
tion of any other company as principal 
debtor, operate to release the Issuer as 
issuer from all of its obligations as prin-
cipal debtor in respect of the Notes. 
 
Jede Ersetzung zusammen mit der Mit-
teilung gemäß Absatz (3) dieser Bestim-
mung befreit, im Fall der Einsetzung ei-
ner anderen Gesellschaft als Haupt-
schuldnerin, die Emittentin von allen 
Verbindlichkeiten, die sie als Haupt-
schuldnerin unter den Schuldverschrei-
bungen hatte. 
(3) 
Notification to Holders. 
 
(3) 
Benachrichtigung der Gläubiger. 
Not later than 15 Payment Business 
Days after effecting the substitution, the 
Substitute Debtor shall give notice 
thereof to the Holders and, if any Notes 
are listed on any stock exchange, to 
such stock exchange in accordance 
with § 12 and to any other person or au-
thority as required by applicable laws or 
regulations. 
 
Spätestens 15 Zahltage nach Durchfüh-
rung der Ersetzung wird die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin dies den Gläubigern und, 
sollten die Schuldverschreibungen an 
einer Börse notiert sein, dieser Börse 
gemäß § 12 mitteilen und jede andere 
Person oder Stelle, gemäß den an-
wendbaren Gesetzen und Regelungen 
informieren. 
§ 11 
(FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION) 
 
§ 11 
(BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG) 
(1) 
Further Issues. 
 
(1) 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschrei-
bungen. 
The Issuer may from time to time, with-
out the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same terms 
and conditions as the Notes of this se-
ries in all respects (or in all respects ex-
cept for the issue date, interest com-
mencement date and/or the issue price) 
so as to form a single series with the 
Notes of this series. 
 
Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung 
der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschrei-
bungen begeben, die in jeder Hinsicht 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des 
Tags der Begebung, des Zinslaufbe-
ginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) 
die gleichen Bedingungen wie die 
Schuldverschreibungen dieser Serie 
haben und die zusammen mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen dieser Serie 
eine einheitliche Gesamtemission bil-
den.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
(2) 
Purchases. 
 
(2) 
Ankauf. 
The Issuer may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Notes purchased by 
the Issuer may, at the option of the Is-
suer, be held, resold or surrendered to 
the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If pur-
chases are made by tender, tenders for 
such Notes must be made available to 
all Holders of such Notes alike. 
 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis 
zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erwor-
benen Schuldverschreibungen können 
nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehal-
ten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissi-
onsstelle zwecks Entwertung einge-
reicht werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch 
öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss 
dieses Angebot allen Gläubigern ge-
macht werden. 
(3) 
Cancellation. 
 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
All Notes redeemed in full shall be can-
celled forthwith and may not be reis-
sued or resold. 
 
Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüg-
lich zu entwerten und können nicht wie-
derbegeben oder wiederverkauft wer-
den. 
§ 12 
(NOTICES) 
 
§ 12 
(MITTEILUNGEN) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change and admitted to trading on the reg-
ulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
amtlichen Kursblatt (official list) der Lu-
xemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel 
am regulierten Markt der Luxemburger 
Börse zugelassen sind, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: 
(1) 
Publication. 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
As long as the Notes are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (and as long as the 
rules and regulations of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange so require), all 
notices concerning the Notes will be 
made by means of electronic publica-
tion on the internet website of the Lux-
embourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Any notice will be 
deemed to have been validly given on 
the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the third day following the date 
of the first such publication). 
 
Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
amtlichen Kursblatt (official list) der Lu-
xemburger Börse notiert und zum Han-
del am regulierten Markt der Luxembur-
ger Börse zugelassen sind (und die Vor-
schriften der Luxemburger Börse dies 
verlangen), sind alle die Schuldver-
schreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger 
Börse (www.luxse.com) zu veröffentli-
chen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit 
dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag der Ver-
öffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröf-
fentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag nach 
dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentli-
chung) als wirksam erfolgt.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange otherwise so 
permit, the Issuer may deliver the rele-
vant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System 
to the Holders, in lieu of publication as 
set forth in subparagraph (1) above; any 
such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the seventh day after the 
day on which the said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.] 
 
Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
amtlichen Kursblatt (official list) der Lu-
xemburger Börse notiert und zum Han-
del am regulierten Markt der Luxembur-
ger Börse zugelassen sind, sind alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen gemäß Absatz (1) be-
kanntzumachen. Soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, 
kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentli-
chung nach Absatz (1) durch eine Mit-
teilung an das Clearing System zur Wei-
terleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; 
jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on a 
stock exchange other than the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the fol-
lowing applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einer anderen Börse als im amtlichen Kurs-
blatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(1) 
Publication. 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
All notices concerning the Notes will be 
made by means of electronic publica-
tion on the internet website of the stock 
exchange with respect to which the Is-
suer applied for listing of the Notes, as 
long as the Notes are listed on such 
stock exchange and if the rules of such 
stock exchange so permit. Any such no-
tice will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the third day following the date 
of such publication (or, if published 
more than once, on the third day follow-
ing the date of the first such publication). 
 
Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betref-
fenden Mitteilungen sind auf der Inter-
netseite der Börse, an der die Emittentin 
das Listing der Notes veranlasst hat zu 
veröffentlichen, solange die Schuldver-
schreibungen an dieser Börse notiert 
sind und die Regeln dieser Börse dies 
zulassen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
mit dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der ersten solchen Ver-
öffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on such 
a stock exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. If the rules of such stock ex-
change otherwise so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Holders, in 
lieu of publication as set forth in subpar-
agraph (1) above; any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the 
Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dieser Börse notiert sind, sind alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen gemäß Absatz (1) be-
kanntzumachen. Soweit die Regeln die-
ser Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emit-
tentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Ab-
satz (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an 
die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige

--- Page 137 ---
137 
seventh day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing Sys-
tem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the 
following applies: 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
nicht an einer Börse notiert sind, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: 
The Issuer will deliver all notices to 
the Clearing System for communica-
tion by the Clearing System to the 
Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the 
Holders on the seventh day after the 
day on which the said notice was 
given to the Clearing System.] 
 
Die Emittentin wird alle die Schuld-
verschreibungen betreffenden Mit-
teilungen an das Clearing System 
zur Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger 
übermitteln. Jede derartige Mittei-
lung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing 
System als den Gläubigern mitge-
teilt.] 
[In the case of Notes that provide for Reso-
lutions of Holders the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
Beschlüsse der Gläubiger vorsehen, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
HOLDERS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH 
BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) 
Majority resolutions pursuant to the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securi-
ties. 
 
(1) 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
nach 
dem 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz. 
The Holders may with consent of the Is-
suer (if required) by a majority resolu-
tion pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of 
the German Act on Issues of Debt Se-
curities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schul-
dverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissio-
nen) (the SchVG), as amended from 
time to time, agree to amendments of 
the Terms and Conditions or resolve 
any other matters provided for by the 
SchVG. In particular, the Holders may 
consent to amendments which materi-
ally change the substance of the Terms 
and 
Conditions, 
including 
such 
measures as provided for under section 
5(3) of the SchVG by resolutions 
passed by such majority of the votes of 
the Holders as stated under § 13(2) be-
low. A duly passed majority resolution 
shall be binding upon all Holders. 
 
Die Gläubiger können mit Zustimmung 
der Emittentin (soweit erforderlich) auf-
grund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
nach 
Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes 
über Schuldverschreibungen aus Ge-
samtemissionen (das SchVG) in seiner 
jeweils gültigen Fassung die Emissions-
bedingungen ändern oder sonstige 
Maßnahmen gemäß dem SchVG be-
schließen. Die Gläubiger können insbe-
sondere einer Änderung wesentlicher 
Inhalte der Emissionsbedingungen, ein-
schließlich der in § 5 Abs. 3 SchVG vor-
gesehenen Maßnahmen durch Be-
schlüsse mit den in dem nachstehenden 
§ 13(2) genannten Mehrheiten zustim-
men. Ein ordnungsgemäß gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle Gläubi-
ger verbindlich. 
(2) 
Majority. 
 
(2) 
Mehrheit.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Except as provided by the following 
sentence and provided that the quorum 
requirements are being met, the Hold-
ers may pass resolutions by simple ma-
jority of the voting rights participating in 
the vote. Resolutions which materially 
change the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions, in particular in the cases of 
section 5(3) numbers 1 through 9 
SchVG, or relating to material other 
matters may only be passed by a major-
ity of at least 75% of the voting rights 
participating in the vote (a Qualified 
Majority). 
 
Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Sat-
zes und der Erreichung der erforderli-
chen Beschlussfähigkeit, beschließen 
die Gläubiger mit der einfachen Mehr-
heit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmen-
den Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Emis-
sionsbedingungen, insbesondere in den 
Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nummern 1 bis 9 
SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu ih-
rer Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von min-
destens 75% der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine Qua-
lifizierte Mehrheit). 
(3) 
Passing of resolutions. 
 
(3) 
Beschlussfassung. 
The Holders can pass resolutions in a 
meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) in ac-
cordance with sections 5 et seqq. of the 
SchVG or by means of a vote without a 
meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versa-
mmlung) in accordance with section 18 
and sections 5 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
 
Die Gläubiger können Beschlüsse in ei-
ner Gläubigerversammlung gemäß §§ 5 
ff. SchVG oder im Wege einer Abstim-
mung ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 
und §§ 5 ff. SchVG fassen. 
(4) 
Meeting. 
 
(4) 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
Attendance at the meeting and exercise 
of voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be re-
ceived at the address stated in the con-
vening notice no later than the third day 
preceding the meeting. As part of the 
registration, Holders must demonstrate 
their eligibility to participate in the vote 
in accordance with section 10(3) of the 
SchVG. 
 
Die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerver-
sammlung und die Ausübung der 
Stimmrechte ist von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. 
Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mit-
geteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten 
Tag vor der Gläubigerversammlung zu-
gehen. Mit der Anmeldung müssen die 
Gläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur Teil-
nahme an der Abstimmung gemäß § 10 
Abs. 3 SchVG nachweisen. 
(5) 
Vote without a meeting. 
 
(5) 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
Together with casting their votes Hold-
ers must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote in accordance 
with section 10(3) of the SchVG. 
 
Zusammen mit der Stimmabgabe müs-
sen die Gläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung gemäß 
§ 10 Abs. 3 SchVG nachweisen. 
(6) 
Second meeting. 
 
(6) 
Zweite Versammlung. 
If it is ascertained that no quorum exists 
for the meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or 
the vote without a meeting pursuant to 
 
Wird für die Gläubigerversammlung ge-
mäß § 13(4) oder die Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung 
gemäß 
§ 13(5) 
die

--- Page 139 ---
139 
§ 13(5), in case of a meeting the chair 
(Vorsitzender) may convene a second 
meeting in accordance with section 
15(3) sentence 2 of the SchVG or in 
case of a vote without a meeting the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) 
may 
convene a second meeting within the 
meaning of section 15 paragraph 3 sen-
tence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the 
second meeting and exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Holders' registra-
tion. The provisions set out in § 13(4) 
sentence 3 shall apply mutatis mutandis 
to the Holders' registration for a second 
meeting. 
mangelnde Beschlussfähigkeit festge-
stellt, kann – im Fall der Gläubigerver-
sammlung – der Vorsitzende eine 
zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 
Abs. 3 Satz 2 SchVG und – im Fall der 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung – der 
Abstimmungsleiter eine zweite Ver-
sammlung im Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 
Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. Die Teil-
nahme an der zweiten Versammlung 
und die Ausübung der Stimmrechte sind 
von einer vorherigen Anmeldung der 
Gläubiger abhängig. Für die Anmeldung 
der Gläubiger zu einer zweiten Ver-
sammlung gilt § 13(4) Satz 3 entspre-
chend. 
(7) 
Holders' Representative. 
 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
[If no Holders' Representative is des-
ignated in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, the following applies: 
The Holders may by majority resolution 
provide for the appointment or dismissal 
of a joint representative (the Holders' 
Representative), the duties and re-
sponsibilities and the powers of such 
Holders' Representative, the transfer of 
the rights of the Holders to the Holders' 
Representative and a limitation of liabil-
ity of the Holders' Representative. 
§ 13(2) to (6) also apply to the resolution 
regarding the appointment of a Holders' 
Representative. Appointment of a Hold-
ers' Representative may only be passed 
by a Qualified Majority if such Holders' 
Representative is to be authorized to 
consent, in accordance with § 13(2) 
hereof, to a material change in the sub-
stance of the Terms and Conditions or 
other material matters.] 
 
[Im Fall, dass kein Gemeinsamer Ver-
treter in den Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
be-
stimmt ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheits-
beschluss einen gemeinsamen Vertre-
ter (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) be-
stellen oder abberufen und die Pflich-
ten, Aufgaben und Befugnisse des Ge-
meinsamen Vertreters, die Übertragung 
der Rechte der Gläubiger auf den Ge-
meinsamen Vertreter und eine Be-
schränkung der Haftung des Gemeinsa-
men Vertreters festlegen. Die § 13(2) 
bis (6) gelten auch für die Beschlussfas-
sung über die Bestellung eines Gemein-
samen Vertreters. Die Bestellung eines 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer 
Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn der Ge-
meinsame Vertreter befugt ist, Ände-
rungen des wesentlichen Inhalts der 
Emissionsbedingungen oder sonstigen 
wesentlichen 
Maßnahmen 
gemäß 
§ 13(2) zuzustimmen.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is ap-
pointed in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, the following applies: 
The joint representative (the Holders' 
Representative) shall be [name, ad-
dress]. The Holders' Representative 
shall have the duties and responsibili-
ties and powers provided for by law. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative 
shall be limited to ten times of the 
amount of its annual remuneration, 
 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Ver-
treter in den Emissionsbedingungen 
bestimmt wird, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: Der gemeinsame Vertreter 
(der Gemeinsame Vertreter) ist [Name, 
Adresse]. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter 
hat die Pflichten und Verantwortlichkei-
ten und Rechte, die ihm von Gesetzes 
wegen zustehen. Die Haftung des Ge-
meinsamen Vertreters ist auf den zehn-
fachen 
Betrag 
seiner 
jährlichen

--- Page 140 ---
140 
unless the Holders' Representative has 
acted willfully or with gross negligence. 
The provisions of the SchVG apply with 
respect to the dismissal of the Holders' 
Representative and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representa-
tive.] 
Vergütung begrenzt, es sei denn, der 
Gemeinsame Vertreter hat vorsätzlich 
oder grob fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vor-
schriften des SchVG gelten im Hinblick 
auf die Abberufung des Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters und die sonstigen Rechte 
und Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Ver-
treters.] 
(8) 
Publication. 
 
(8) 
Veröffentlichung. 
Any notices concerning this § 13 shall 
be made exclusively pursuant to the 
provisions of the SchVG. 
 
Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen § 13 
betreffend erfolgen ausschließlich ge-
mäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
§ [13][14] 
(APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT) 
 
§ [13][14] 
(ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG) 
(1) 
Applicable Law. 
 
(1) 
Anwendbares Recht. 
The Notes, as to form and content, and 
all rights and obligations of the Holders 
and the Issuer, shall be governed in 
every respect by German law. 
 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschrei-
bungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten 
der Gläubiger und der Emittentin be-
stimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(2) 
Place of Jurisdiction. 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Subject to any mandatory jurisdiction for 
specific proceedings under the SchVG, 
the District Court (Landgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main shall have non-ex-
clusive jurisdiction for any action or 
other legal proceedings (Proceedings) 
arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes. 
 
Vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden Ge-
richtsstandes für besondere Rechts-
streitigkeiten im Zusammenhang mit 
dem SchVG, ist das Landgericht Frank-
furt am Main nicht ausschließlich zu-
ständig für sämtliche im Zusammen-
hang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige 
Verfahren (Rechtsstreitigkeiten). 
(3) 
Enforcement. 
 
(3) 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. 
Any Holder of Notes may in any pro-
ceedings against the Issuer or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer are parties, 
protect and enforce in his own name his 
rights arising under such Notes on the 
basis of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in re-
spect of the Notes (a) stating the full 
name and address of the Holder, (b) 
 
Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschrei-
bungen ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechts-
streit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und 
die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte 
aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu 
machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheini-
gung der Depotbank bei, bei der er für

--- Page 141 ---
141 
specifying 
the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount of Notes credited to such secu-
rities account on the date of such state-
ment and (c) confirming that the Custo-
dian has given written notice to the 
Clearing System containing the infor-
mation pursuant to (a) and (b) which has 
been confirmed by the Clearing System; 
(ii) a copy of the Note in global form cer-
tified as being a true copy by a duly au-
thorized officer of the Clearing System 
or a depositary of the Clearing System, 
without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the 
global note representing the Notes or 
(iii) any other means of proof permitted 
in legal proceedings in the country of 
enforcement. For purposes of the fore-
going, Custodian means any bank or 
other financial institution of recognized 
standing authorized to engage in secu-
rities custody business with which the 
Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and which main-
tains an account with the Clearing Sys-
tem, and includes the Clearing System. 
Each Holder may, without prejudice to 
the foregoing, protect and enforce his 
rights under these Notes also in any 
other way which is admitted in the coun-
try of the Proceedings. 
die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpa-
pierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den voll-
ständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen bezeichnet, die unter 
dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) 
bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegen-
über dem Clearingsystem eine schriftli-
che Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die 
vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichne-
ten Informationen enthält und einen Be-
stätigungsvermerk 
des 
Clearingsys-
tems trägt; (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person 
des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers 
des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, 
ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbe-
lege oder der die Schuldverschreibun-
gen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in ei-
nem solchen Verfahren erforderlich 
wäre oder (iii) auf jede andere Weise, 
die im Lande der Geltendmachung pro-
zessual zulässig ist. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet Depotbank 
jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkann-
tes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu be-
treiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger 
ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldver-
schreibungen unterhält und ein Konto 
beim Clearingsystem unterhält, ein-
schließlich des Clearingsystems. Jeder 
Gläubiger kann unbeschadet des Vor-
stehenden seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere Weise schützen und durchset-
zen, die im Land des Verfahrens zuläs-
sig ist. 
§ [14][15] 
(LANGUAGE) 
 
§ [14][15] 
(SPRACHE) 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in 
the German language with an English lan-
guage translation, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deut-
scher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache abgefasst sind, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an Eng-
lish language translation. The German text 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deut-
scher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der

--- Page 142 ---
142 
shall be controlling and binding. The English 
language translation is provided for conven-
ience only.] 
deutsche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. 
Die Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in 
the English language with a German lan-
guage translation, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in engli-
scher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache abgefasst sind, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in engli-
scher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der engli-
sche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist un-
verbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in 
the English language only, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen aus-
schließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
sind 
aus-
schließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Notes are publicly offered in whole 
or in part in Germany or distributed in 
whole or in part to non-professional inves-
tors in Germany with English language 
Conditions, the following applies:  
 
 
Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Emissionsbe-
dingungen wird bei der Fresenius Medical 
Care AG, Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad 
Homburg v. d. Höhe, zur kostenlosen Aus-
gabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 143 ---
143 
OPTION II – Terms and Conditions for 
Notes with floating interest rate 
 
OPTION II – Emissionsbedingungen für 
Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Ver-
zinsung 
§ 1 
(CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM) 
 
§ 1 
(WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM) 
(1) 
Currency; Denomination. 
 
(1) 
Währung; Stückelung. 
This series of notes (the Notes) of 
Fresenius Medical Care AG (also re-
ferred to as the Issuer) is being issued 
in [Specified Currency] (the Specified 
Currency) in the aggregate principal 
amount [in the case the Global Note is 
a New Global Note (NGN) the follow-
ing applies: (subject to § 1(4))] of [ag-
gregate principal amount] (in words: 
[aggregate 
principal 
amount 
in 
words]) in the denomination of [Speci-
fied Denomination] (the Specified De-
nomination). 
 
Diese Serie von Schuldverschreibun-
gen (die Schuldverschreibungen) der 
Fresenius Medical Care AG (auch als 
die Emittentin bezeichnet) wird in 
[Festgelegte Währung] (die Festge-
legte Währung) im Gesamtnennbetrag 
[falls die Globalurkunde eine New 
Global Note (NGN) ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: (vorbehaltlich § 1(4))] von 
[Gesamtnennbetrag] (in Worten: [Ge-
samtnennbetrag in Worten]) in einer 
Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stücke-
lung] (die Festgelegte Stückelung) 
begeben. 
(2) 
Form. 
 
(2) 
Form. 
The Notes are being issued in bearer 
form. 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf 
den Inhaber. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented 
by a Permanent Global Note the following 
applies:  
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
durch eine Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) 
Permanent Global Note. 
 
(3) 
Dauerglobalurkunde. 
The Notes are represented by a perma-
nent global note (the Permanent 
Global Note or the Global Note) with-
out coupons. The Permanent Global 
Note shall bear the handwritten or fac-
simile signatures of two authorized rep-
resentatives of the Issuer[,] [and] shall 
be provided with a handwritten or fac-
simile control signature by or on behalf 
of the Fiscal Agent [in the case the 
Global Note is an NGN the following 
applies: and shall bear the handwritten 
or facsimile signature by or on behalf of 
the common safekeeper]. Definitive No-
tes and interest coupons will not be 
issued.] 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die Dauer-
globalurkunde oder die Globalur-
kunde) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die 
Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die eigenhän-
digen oder faksimilierten Unterschriften 
von zwei ordnungsgemäß bevollmäch-
tigten Vertretern der Emittentin[,] [und] 
ist von der Emissionsstelle oder in de-
ren Namen mit einer eigenhändigen 
oder faksimilierten Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen [falls die Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: und trägt die eigenhändige oder 
faksimilierte Unterschrift von oder im 
Namen des gemeinsamen Wertpapier-
verwahrers (common safekeeper)]. Ein-
zelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben.]

--- Page 144 ---
144 
[In the case of Notes which are initially rep-
resented by a Temporary Global Note the 
following applies:  
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die 
anfänglich durch eine Vorläufige Globalur-
kunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: 
(3) 
Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
(3) 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) 
The Notes are initially repre-
sented by a temporary global 
note (the Temporary Global 
Note) without coupons. The inter-
ests in the Temporary Global 
Note will be exchangeable for in-
terests in Notes in Specified De-
nominations represented by a 
permanent global note (the Per-
manent Global Note and to-
gether with the Temporary Global 
Note, the Global Notes) without 
coupons. [In the case of Euro-
clear and CBL and if the Global 
Note is an NGN the following 
applies: The details of such ex-
change shall be entered in the 
records of the ICSDs (as defined 
below).] The Global Notes shall 
each bear the handwritten or fac-
simile signatures of two duly au-
thorized representatives of the Is-
suer[,] [and] shall each be pro-
vided with a handwritten or fac-
simile control signature by or on 
behalf of the Fiscal Agent [in the 
case the Global Note is an NGN 
the following applies: and shall 
each bear the handwritten or fac-
simile signature by or on behalf of 
the common safekeeper]. Defini-
tive Notes and interest coupons 
will not be issued. 
 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind 
anfänglich durch eine vorläufige 
Globalurkunde (die Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) 
ohne 
Zins-
scheine verbrieft. Die Anteile an 
der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
werden gegen Anteile an Schuld-
verschreibungen in den Festge-
legten Stückelungen, die durch 
eine Dauerglobalurkunde (die 
Dauerglobalurkunde und zu-
sammen mit der Vorläufigen Glo-
balurkunde, die Globalurkun-
den) ohne Zinsscheine verbrieft 
sind, ausgetauscht. [Im Fall von 
Euroclear und CBL und wenn 
die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Die Einzelheiten eines solchen 
Austausches werden in die Auf-
zeichnungen der ICSDs (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) 
aufge-
nommen.] Die Globalurkunden 
tragen jeweils die eigenhändigen 
oder faksimilierten Unterschriften 
von 
zwei 
ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigten Vertretern der 
Emittentin[,] [und] sind jeweils 
von der Emissionsstelle oder in 
deren 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
eigenhändigen 
oder 
faksimilierten Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen 
[falls 
die 
Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: und 
tragen jeweils die eigenhändige 
oder faksimilierte Unterschrift von 
oder im Namen des gemeinsa-
men 
Wertpapierverwahrers 
(common safekeeper)]. Einzelur-
kunden und Zinsscheine werden 
nicht ausgegeben. 
(b) 
Interests in the Temporary Global 
Note shall be exchanged for in-
terests in the Permanent Global 
Note on or after a date (the Ex-
change Date) not earlier than 40 
 
(b) 
Anteile an der Vorläufigen Globa-
lurkunde werden an oder nach ei-
nem Tag der Ausgabe der Vor-
läufigen Globalurkunde (der Aus-
tauschtag) gegen Anteile an der

--- Page 145 ---
145 
days after the date of issue of the 
Notes. Such exchange shall only 
be made upon and to the extent 
of delivery of certifications to the 
effect that the beneficial owner or 
owners of the Notes is not a U.S. 
person (other than certain finan-
cial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such fi-
nancial institutions). Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by 
a Temporary Global Note will be 
made only after delivery of such 
certifications. A separate certifi-
cation shall be required in respect 
of each such payment of interest. 
Any such certification received on 
or after the 40th day after the date 
of issue of the Notes will be 
treated as a request to exchange 
the Temporary Global Note pur-
suant to subparagraph (b) of this 
§ 1(3). Any Notes delivered in ex-
change for the Temporary Global 
Note shall be delivered only out-
side of the United States (as de-
fined in § 1(6)).] 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
ausge-
tauscht, der nicht weniger als 40 
Tage nach dem Tag der Bege-
bung der Schuldverschreibungen 
liegt. Ein solcher Austausch darf 
nur nach Vorlage und im Umfang 
von Bescheinigungen erfolgen, 
wonach der oder die wirtschaftli-
chen Eigentümer der Schuldver-
schreibungen keine U.S.-Perso-
nen sind (ausgenommen be-
stimmte Finanzinstitute oder be-
stimmte Personen, die Schuld-
verschreibungen über solche Fi-
nanzinstitute halten). Solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde 
verbrieft sind, werden Zinszah-
lungen erst nach Vorlage dieser 
Bescheinigungen vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung 
ist für jede solche Zinszahlung er-
forderlich. Jede Bescheinigung, 
die am oder nach dem 40. Tag 
nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, 
wird als ein Ersuchen behandelt 
werden, diese Vorläufige Global-
urkunde gemäß Absatz (b) die-
ses 
§ 1(3) 
auszutauschen. 
Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Austausch für die Vorläufige Glo-
balurkunde geliefert werden, dür-
fen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten (wie in § 1(6) definiert) 
geliefert werden.] 
(4) 
Clearing System. 
 
(4) 
Clearingsystem. 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody 
by or on behalf of the Clearing System 
until all obligations of the Issuer under 
the Notes have been satisfied. Clearing 
System means [if more than one 
Clearing System, the following ap-
plies: each of] the following: [Clear-
stream 
Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft, 
Frankfurt am Main (CBF)] [,] [and] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A. Luxembourg 
(CBL)] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
Brussels as operator of the Euroclear 
System (Euroclear)] and any succes-
sor in such capacity. [In the case of 
CBL and Euroclear as Clearing Sys-
tem 
the 
following 
applies: 
 
Die Globalurkunde wird solange von ei-
nem oder im Namen eines Clearingsys-
tems verwahrt, bis sämtliche Verbind-
lichkeiten der Emittentin aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt 
sind. 
Clearingsystem bedeutet [bei mehr 
als einem Clearingsystem ist folgen-
des anwendbar: jeweils] folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
Aktiengesell-
schaft, Frankfurt am Main (CBF)] [,] 
[und] [Clearstream Banking S.A., Lu-
xemburg (CBL)] [und] [Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV Brüssel, als Betreiberin des Eu-
roclear Systems (Euroclear)] sowie je-
der Funktionsnachfolger. [Im Fall von 
CBL 
oder 
Euroclear 
als

--- Page 146 ---
146 
International Central Securities De-
positary or ICSD means each of CBL 
and Euroclear (together, the ICSDs).] 
Clearingsystem ist folgendes an-
wendbar: 
International 
Central 
Securities Depositary oder ICSD be-
zeichnet jeweils CBL und Euroclear (zu-
sammen die ICSDs).] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody 
on behalf of the ICSDs and if the 
global note is a NGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in new 
global note (NGN) form and are kept in 
custody by a common safekeeper on 
behalf of both ICSDs. 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, und falls die Globalurkunde 
eine NGN ist, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: Die Schuldverschreibungen wer-
den in Form einer New Global Note 
(NGN) ausgegeben und von einem ge-
meinsamen Wertpapierverwahrer (com-
mon safekeeper) im Namen beider 
ICSDs verwahrt. 
The principal amount of Notes repre-
sented by the Global Note shall be the 
aggregate amount from time to time en-
tered in the records of both ICSDs. The 
records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD 
holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customer's interest in 
the Notes) shall be conclusive evidence 
of the principal amount of Notes repre-
sented by the Global Note and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by an 
ICSD stating the principal amount of 
Notes so represented at any time shall 
be conclusive evidence of the records of 
the relevant ICSD at that time. 
 
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalur-
kunde verbrieften Schuldverschreibun-
gen entspricht dem jeweils in den Re-
gistern beider ICSDs eingetragenen 
Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der ICSDs 
(unter denen man die Register versteht, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über 
den Betrag ihres Anteils an den Schuld-
verschreibungen führt) sind schlüssiger 
Nachweis über den Nennbetrag der 
durch die Globalurkunde verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD je-
weils ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem 
Nennbetrag der so verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen ist zu jedem Zeitpunkt 
ein schlüssiger Nachweis über den In-
halt des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD. 
On any redemption or payment of inter-
est being made in respect of, or pur-
chase and cancellation of, any of the 
Notes represented by the Global Note 
the Issuer shall procure that details of 
any redemption, payment or purchase 
and cancellation (as the case may be) 
in respect of the Global Note shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs and, upon any such entry being 
made, the principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs 
and represented by the Global Note 
shall be reduced by the aggregate prin-
cipal amount of the Notes so redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled.] 
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung be-
züglich der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bzw. bei Kauf und Entwertung der durch 
die Globalurkunde verbrieften Schuld-
verschreibungen stellt die Emittentin si-
cher, dass die Einzelheiten über jede 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf 
und Löschung bezüglich der Globalur-
kunden pro rata in die Unterlagen der 
ICSDs eingetragen werden, und nach 
dieser Eintragung vom Nennbetrag der 
in die Register der ICSDs aufgenomme-
nen und durch die Globalurkunde ver-
brieften Schuldschreibungen der Ge-
samtnennbetrag der zurückgezahlten 
bzw. 
gekauften 
und 
entwerteten

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen 
wird.] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody 
on behalf of the ICSDs and if the 
global note is a CGN, the following 
applies: The Notes are issued in classi-
cal global note (CGN) form and are kept 
in custody by a common depositary on 
behalf of both ICSDs.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt 
werden, und falls die Globalurkunde 
eine CGN ist, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: Die Schuldverschreibungen wer-
den in Form einer Classical Global Note 
(CGN) ausgegeben und von einer ge-
meinsamen Verwahrstelle im Namen 
beider ICSDs verwahrt.] 
[In the case the Temporary Global 
Note is a NGN, the following applies: 
On an exchange of a portion only of the 
Notes represented by a Temporary 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be 
entered pro rata in the records of the 
ICSDs.] 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Bei Aus-
tausch nur eines Teils von Schuldver-
schreibungen, die durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird die 
Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Ein-
zelheiten dieses Austauschs pro rata in 
die Register der ICSDs aufgenommen 
werden.] 
(5) 
Holder. 
 
(5) 
Gläubiger. 
Holder means any holder of a propor-
tionate co-ownership or other beneficial 
interest or right in the Notes. 
 
Gläubiger bedeutet jeder Inhaber eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen ver-
gleichbaren Rechts an den Schuldver-
schreibungen. 
(6) 
United States. 
 
(6) 
Vereinigte Staaten. 
For the purposes of these Terms and 
Conditions, United States means the 
United States of America (including the 
States thereof and the District of Colum-
bia) and its territories and possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin 
Islands, 
Guam, 
American 
Samoa, 
Wake Island and Northern Mariana Is-
lands). 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedin-
gungen bezeichnet Vereinigte Staaten 
die Vereinigten Staaten von Amerika 
(einschließlich deren Bundesstaaten 
und des District of Columbia) sowie de-
ren Territorien und Besitztümer (ein-
schließlich Puerto Rico, der U.S. Virgin 
Islands, Guam, American Samoa, Wake 
Island und Northern Mariana Islands). 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE) 
 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG) 
(1) 
Status. 
 
(1) 
Status. 
The obligations under the Notes consti-
tute unsecured and unsubordinated ob-
ligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu 
among themselves and pari passu with 
all other present or future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, unless such obligations are 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen 
nicht besicherte und nicht nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin, die un-
tereinander und mit allen anderen ge-
genwärtigen und künftigen nicht besi-
cherten und nicht nachrangigen Ver-
bindlichkeiten der Emittentin gleichran-
gig 
sind, 
soweit 
diesen

--- Page 148 ---
148 
accorded priority under mandatory pro-
visions of statutory law. 
Verbindlichkeiten nicht durch zwin-
gende gesetzliche Bestimmungen ein 
Vorrang eingeräumt wird. 
(2) 
Negative Pledge. 
 
(2) 
Negativverpflichtung. 
So long as any of the Notes remain out-
standing, but only up to the time all 
amounts of principal and interest have 
been placed at the disposal of the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer undertakes (i) not to 
grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
land charge, lien or any other security 
right in rem (dingliches Sicherungs-
recht) (the Security Interest) over any 
or all of its present or future assets, as 
security for any present or future Capital 
Market Indebtedness and (ii) to procure, 
to the extent legally possible, that none 
of its Subsidiaries will grant or permit to 
subsist any Security Interest over any or 
all of its present or future assets, as se-
curity for any present or future Capital 
Market Indebtedness, without at the 
same time having the Holders share 
equally and ratably in such Security In-
terest. This undertaking shall not apply 
with respect to any Security Interest 
which (i) is provided over any of the Is-
suer's claims or claims of any of its Sub-
sidiaries against any affiliated compa-
nies within the meaning of sections 15 
et seqq. of the German Stock Corpora-
tion Act (Aktiengesetz) or any third 
party, which claims exist now or arise at 
any time in the future, as a result of the 
passing on of the proceeds from the 
sale by the issuer of any securities, pro-
vided that any such security serves to 
secure obligations under such securi-
ties issued by the Issuer or by any of its 
Subsidiaries, (ii) is existing on assets at 
the time of the acquisition thereof by the 
Issuer or by any of its Subsidiaries or is 
existing over assets of a newly acquired 
company which becomes a member of 
the Fresenius Medical Care Group, (iii) 
is existing on the issue date of the 
Notes, (iv) secures a Capital Market In-
debtedness existing at the time of acqui-
sition that becomes an obligation of the 
Issuer or of any company within the 
Fresenius Medical Care Group as a 
consequence of such acquisition, pro-
vided 
that 
such 
Capital 
Market 
 
Die Emittentin verpflichtet sich, solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, je-
doch nur bis zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem 
alle Beträge an Kapital und Zinsen der 
Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung gestellt 
worden sind, (i) keine Grundpfand-
rechte, Pfandrechte oder sonstigen 
dinglichen Sicherungsrechte (ein Si-
cherungsrecht) 
an 
gegenwärtigen 
oder zukünftigen Teilen ihres Vermö-
gens oder ihres Vermögens insgesamt 
zur Sicherung der gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Kapitalmarktverbindlichkei-
ten zu bestellen oder fortbestehen zu 
lassen, und (ii) soweit rechtlich möglich, 
zu veranlassen, dass keine ihrer Toch-
tergesellschaften Sicherungsrechte an 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Teilen 
ihres Vermögens oder ihres Vermögens 
insgesamt zur Sicherung der gegenwär-
tigen oder zukünftigen Kapitalmarktver-
bindlichkeiten bestellt oder fortbestehen 
lässt, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger zur 
gleichen Zeit auf gleiche Weise und an-
teilig an diesen Sicherungsrechten teil-
haben zu lassen. Diese Verpflichtung 
gilt nicht in Bezug auf Sicherungsrechte, 
die (i) an gegenwärtigen oder zukünfti-
gen Ansprüchen der Emittentin oder An-
sprüchen einer ihrer Tochtergesell-
schaften gegen verbundene Unterneh-
men im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. Aktiengesetz 
oder gegen Dritte aufgrund einer Über-
tragung von Erlösen aus dem Verkauf 
von Wertpapieren bestehen, soweit 
diese Sicherheiten zur Sicherung von 
Verpflichtungen aus diesen durch die 
Emittentin oder durch eine ihrer Toch-
tergesellschaften ausgegebenen Wert-
papieren dienen, (ii) zur Sicherung von 
Vermögensgegenständen bestellt sind, 
die bereits zum Zeitpunkt ihres Erwerbs 
durch die Emittentin oder durch eine ih-
rer Tochtergesellschaften bestanden, 
oder am Vermögen einer neu erworbe-
nen Gesellschaft bestehen, die Mitglied 
des Fresenius Medical Care-Konzerns 
wird, (iii) zum Ausgabetag der Schuld-
verschreibungen bestehen, (iv) eine im

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Indebtedness was not created in con-
templation of such acquisition (v) is 
mandatory pursuant to applicable laws 
or required as a prerequisite for obtain-
ing any governmental approvals, (vi) is 
provided in connection with any issu-
ance of asset backed securities by the 
Issuer or by any of its Subsidiaries, (vii) 
is provided in respect of any issuance of 
asset backed securities made by a spe-
cial purpose vehicle where the Issuer or 
any of its Subsidiaries is the originator 
of the underlying assets, (viii) is pro-
vided in connection with the renewal, 
extension or replacement of any secu-
rity pursuant to foregoing (i) through (vii) 
and, (ix) secures Capital Market Indebt-
edness the principal amount of which 
(when aggregated with the principal 
amount of any other Capital Market In-
debtedness which has the benefit of a 
security other than any permitted under 
the subparagraphs (i) to (viii) above) 
does not exceed EUR 100,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies at any 
time). 
Zeitpunkt einer Akquisition bestehende 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit besichern, 
die infolge der Akquisition eine Ver-
pflichtung der Emittentin oder einer Ge-
sellschaft des Fresenius Medical Care-
Konzerns wird, sofern diese Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeit nicht im Hinblick 
auf diese Akquisition begründet wurde, 
(v) aufgrund anwendbaren Rechts ge-
setzlich vorgeschriebene Sicherheiten 
sind oder solche, deren Bestehen eine 
Voraussetzung zur Erteilung einer be-
hördlichen Genehmigung sind, (vi) im 
Zusammenhang mit durch die Emitten-
tin oder durch eine ihrer Tochtergesell-
schaften begebenen Asset Backed 
Securities (ABS) stehen, (vii) im Zusam-
menhang mit durch Zweckgesellschaf-
ten begebenen Asset Backed Securities 
(ABS) stehen, bei denen die Emittentin 
oder eine ihrer Tochtergesellschaften 
der Originator der zugrundeliegenden 
Vermögensgegenstände ist, (viii) der 
Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder dem 
Austausch irgendeiner Sicherheit ge-
mäß vorstehend (i) bis (vii) dienen und 
(ix) Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten besi-
chern, deren Kapitalbetrag (bei Aufad-
dierung auf den Kapitalbetrag sonstiger 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten, für die 
andere Sicherheiten als die nach (i) bis 
(viii) 
zulässigen 
bestehen) 
EUR 
100.000.000 (oder deren jeweiligen Ge-
genwert in anderen Währungen) nicht 
überschreitet. 
For purposes of these Terms and Con-
ditions, Capital Market Indebtedness 
means any obligation for the payment of 
borrowed money which is evidenced by 
a 
certificate 
of 
indebtedness 
(Schuldscheindarlehen) or which is rep-
resented by any bond or debt security 
with an original maturity of more than 
one year which is, or is intended to be, 
or is capable of being listed or traded on 
a stock exchange or other recognized 
securities market. 
 
Im Sinne dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet Kapitalmarktverbindlich-
keit jede Verbindlichkeit zur Rückzah-
lung aufgenommener Geldbeträge, die 
durch Schuldscheindarlehen dokumen-
tiert ist oder durch Schuldverschreibun-
gen oder sonstige Wertpapiere mit einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als ei-
nem Jahr, die an einer Börse oder an ei-
nem anderen anerkannten Wertpapier-
markt zugelassen oder gehandelt wer-
den oder zugelassen oder gehandelt 
werden können, verbrieft, verkörpert 
oder dokumentiert ist.  
Fresenius Medical Care Group means 
the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on a con-
solidated basis. 
 
Fresenius Medical Care-Konzern be-
zeichnet 
die 
Emittentin 
und 
ihre

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Tochtergesellschaften auf konsolidier-
ter Basis. 
Subsidiary means, with respect to any 
Person, any corporation, limited liability 
company, association, partnership or 
other business entity whose results of 
operations are consolidated in accord-
ance with IFRS Accounting Standards 
with those of: 
 
Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet in Be-
zug auf einen Rechtsträger, eine Kapi-
talgesellschaft, eine Gesellschaft mit 
Haftungsbeschränkung, eine Vereini-
gung, eine Personengesellschaft oder 
ein sonstiges Unternehmen, deren bzw. 
dessen Ergebnisse gemäß den IFRS 
Accounting Standards mit den Ergeb-
nissen folgender Personen konsolidiert 
werden: 
(a) 
such Person; 
 
(a) 
dieses Rechtsträgers; 
(b) 
such Person and one or more 
Subsidiaries of such Person; or 
 
(b) 
dieses Rechtsträgers und einer 
oder mehreren Tochtergesell-
schaften dieses Rechtsträgers; 
oder 
(c) 
one or more Subsidiaries of such 
Person. 
 
(c) 
einer oder mehrerer Tochterge-
sellschaften dieses Rechtsträ-
gers. 
IFRS Accounting Standards refers to 
IFRS Accounting Standards of the Inter-
national Accounting Standards Board 
(IASB), as adopted by the European 
Union. 
 
IFRS Accounting Standards bezeich-
net die IFRS Accounting Standards des 
International 
Accounting 
Standards 
Board (IASB), wie sie von der Europäi-
schen Union anerkannt werden. 
§ 3 
(INTEREST) 
 
§ 3 
(ZINSEN) 
(1) 
Interest Payment Dates. 
 
(1) 
Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) 
The Notes shall bear interest on 
their 
Specified 
Denomination 
from (and including) [Interest 
Commencement Date] (the In-
terest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date and thereafter 
from (and including) each Interest 
Payment Date to (but excluding) 
the next following Interest Pay-
ment Date. Interest on the Notes 
shall be payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
 
(a) 
Die Schuldverschreibungen wer-
den bezogen auf ihre Festgelegte 
Stückelung vom [Verzinsungs-
beginn] (der Verzinsungsbe-
ginn) (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(aus-
schließlich) und danach von je-
dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ein-
schließlich) bis zum nächstfol-
genden Zinszahlungstag (aus-
schließlich) verzinst. Die Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind nachträglich an jedem Zins-
zahlungstag zahlbar. 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date means 
 
(b) 
Zinszahlungstag bedeutet  
[In case of Specified Interest 
Payment Dates, the following 
 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zins-
zahlungstagen ist folgendes

--- Page 151 ---
151 
applies: each [Specified Inter-
est Payment Dates].] 
anwendbar: jeder [festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage].] 
[In case of Specified Interest 
Periods, the following applies: 
each date which (except as oth-
erwise provided in these Terms 
and Conditions) falls [number] 
[weeks] [months] after the pre-
ceding Interest Payment Date or, 
in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.] 
 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zins-
perioden ist folgendes an-
wendbar: (soweit diese Emissi-
onsbedingungen keine abwei-
chenden Bestimmungen vorse-
hen) jeweils der Tag, der [Zahl] 
[Wochen] [Monate] nach dem vo-
rausgehenden Zinszahlungstag 
liegt, oder im Fall des ersten Zins-
zahlungstages, nach dem Verzin-
sungsbeginn.] 
(c) 
If any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day 
which is not a Business Day (as 
defined below), it shall be: 
 
(c) 
Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf ei-
nen Tag, der kein Geschäftstag 
(wie nachfolgend definiert) ist, so 
wird der Zinszahlungstag  
[In case of Modified Following 
Business Day Convention, the 
following applies: postponed to 
the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in 
which event the Interest Payment 
Date shall be the immediately 
preceding Business Day.] 
 
[Im Fall der modifizierten fol-
gender Geschäftstag-Konven-
tion ist folgendes anwendbar: 
auf den nächstfolgenden Ge-
schäftstag verschoben, es sei 
denn, jener würde dadurch in den 
nächsten Kalendermonat fallen; 
in diesem Fall wird der Zinszah-
lungstag auf den unmittelbar vor-
hergehenden Geschäftstag vor-
gezogen.] 
[In case of FRN Convention, 
the following applies: post-
poned to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) the In-
terest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business 
Day and (ii) each subsequent In-
terest Payment Date shall be the 
last Business Day in the month 
which 
falls 
[insert 
number] 
[months] [insert other specified 
periods] after the preceding ap-
plicable Interest Payment Date.] 
 
[Im Fall der FRN-Konvention ist 
folgendes anwendbar: auf den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
verschoben, es sei denn, jener 
würde dadurch in den nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem 
Fall (i) wird der Zinszahlungstag 
auf den unmittelbar vorhergehen-
den Geschäftstag vorgezogen 
und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag 
der 
jeweils 
letzte Geschäftstag des Monats, 
der [Zahl einfügen] [Monate] 
[andere festgelegte Zeiträume 
einfügen] nach dem vorherge-
henden anwendbaren Zinszah-
lungstag liegt.] 
[In case of Following Business 
Day Convention, the following 
applies: postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day.] 
 
[Im Fall der folgender Ge-
schäftstag-Konvention ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: auf den

--- Page 152 ---
152 
nachfolgenden Geschäftstag ver-
schoben.] 
[In case of Preceding Business 
Day Convention, the following 
applies: the immediately preced-
ing Business Day.] 
 
[Im Fall der vorhergehender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: auf den 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Ge-
schäftstag vorgezogen.] 
(d) 
In this § 3, Business Day means 
a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which the Clearing 
System is operational and 
 
(d) 
In diesem § 3 bezeichnet Ge-
schäftstag einen Tag (außer ei-
nem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem das Clearingsystem be-
triebsbereit ist und 
[In case the Notes are not de-
nominated in Euro, the follow-
ing applies: on which commer-
cial banks are generally open for 
business, and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in [rele-
vant financial center(s)].] 
 
[Im Fall von nicht auf Euro lau-
tenden 
Schuldverschreibun-
gen ist folgendes anwendbar: 
an dem Geschäftsbanken allge-
mein für Geschäfte in [rele-
vante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
geöffnet sind und Devisenmärkte 
Zahlungen in [relevante(s) Fi-
nanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln].] 
[In case the Notes are denomi-
nated in Euro, the following ap-
plies: on which the Clearing Sys-
tem as well as all relevant parts of 
the real time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosys-
tem, or any successor system 
(T2) are open to effect pay-
ments.] 
 
[Im Fall von auf Euro lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: an dem das 
Clearing System sowie alle be-
troffenen Bereiche des vom Euro-
system 
betriebenen 
Echtzeit-
Bruttoabwicklungssystem 
oder 
ein Nachfolgesystem (T2) offen 
sind, um Zahlungen abzuwi-
ckeln.] 
(2) 
Rate of Interest. 
 
(2) 
Zinssatz. 
[In case the offered quotation for de-
posits in the Specified Currency is 
EURIBOR, the following applies: 
 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen 
in 
der 
Festgelegten 
Währung 
EURIBOR ist, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: 
(a) 
The rate of interest (the Rate of 
Interest) for each Interest Period 
(as defined below) will, except as 
provided below [in case of Mini-
mum Rate of Interest or Maxi-
mum Rate of Interest the fol-
lowing applies: or in § 3(3)], be 
the offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage rate per annum) 
for deposits in the Specified Cur-
rency for that Interest Period 
which appears on the Screen 
 
(a) 
Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für 
jede Zinsperiode (wie nachste-
hend definiert) ist, sofern nach-
stehend [im Fall eines Mindest-
zinssatzes oder Höchstzins-
satzes ist folgendes anwend-
bar: oder in § 3(3)] nichts Abwei-
chendes bestimmt wird, der An-
gebotssatz (ausgedrückt als Pro-
zentsatz per annum) für Einlagen 
in der Festgelegten Währung für 
die jeweilige Zinsperiode, der auf

--- Page 153 ---
153 
Page at approximately 11:00 
a.m. (Brussels time) on the Inter-
est Determination Date (as de-
fined below) [in case of a Margin 
the following applies: [plus] 
[minus] the Margin (as defined 
below)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in 
§ 6(1)). 
der Bildschirmseite am Zinsfest-
legungstag (wie nachstehend de-
finiert) um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsse-
ler Ortszeit) angezeigt wird [im 
Fall einer Marge, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüg-
lich] der Marge (wie nachstehend 
definiert)], wobei alle Festlegun-
gen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
(wie in § 6(1) definiert) erfolgen. 
Interest Period means each pe-
riod from (and including) the In-
terest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date and from (and in-
cluding) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the follow-
ing Interest Payment Date. 
 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet jeweils 
den Zeitraum vom Verzinsungs-
beginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(aus-
schließlich) bzw. von jedem Zins-
zahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließ-
lich). 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
means the second T2 Business 
Day prior to the commencement 
of the relevant Interest Period. T2 
Business Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sun-
day) on which the Clearing Sys-
tem as well as all relevant parts of 
the real time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosys-
tem, or any successor system 
(T2) are open to effect payments. 
 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet 
den zweiten T2-Geschäftstag vor 
Beginn der jeweiligen Zinsperi-
ode. T2-Geschäftstag bezeich-
net einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
das Clearing System sowie alle 
betroffenen Bereiche des vom 
Eurosystem betriebenen Echt-
zeit-Bruttoabwicklungssystem 
oder ein Nachfolgesystem (T2) 
offen sind, um Zahlungen abzu-
wickeln. 
[In case of a Margin, the follow-
ing applies: Margin means [in-
sert relevant Margin]% per an-
num.] 
 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgen-
des anwendbar: Die Marge be-
trägt 
[entsprechende 
Marge 
einfügen]% per annum.] 
Screen Page means the Reuters 
screen page EURIBOR01 or the 
relevant successor page on that 
service or on any other service as 
may be nominated as the infor-
mation vendor for the purposes of 
displaying rates or prices compa-
rable to the relevant offered quo-
tation. 
 
Bildschirmseite bedeutet Reu-
ters Bildschirmseite EURIBOR01 
oder 
die 
jeweilige 
Nachfol-
geseite, die vom selben System 
angezeigt wird oder aber von ei-
nem anderen System, das zum 
Vertreiber von Informationen zum 
Zwecke der Anzeige von Sätzen 
oder Preisen ernannt wurde, die 
mit dem betreffenden Angebots-
satz vergleichbar sind. 
If the Screen Page is not availa-
ble or if no such quotation ap-
pears at such time, in each case 
 
Sollte die Bildschirmseite nicht 
zur Verfügung stehen oder wird 
zu der genannten Zeit kein

--- Page 154 ---
154 
for reasons other than the occur-
rence of a Benchmark Event (as 
defined below), the Rate of Inter-
est for such Interest Period shall 
be the offered quotation (ex-
pressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for deposits in the Speci-
fied Currency for the relevant In-
terest Period which appears on 
the Substitute Screen Page at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brus-
sels time) on the Interest Deter-
mination Date [in case of a Mar-
gin the following applies: [plus] 
[minus] the Margin], all as deter-
mined by the Calculation Agent. 
Angebotssatz angezeigt und be-
ruht dies jeweils auf anderen 
Gründen als dem Eintritt eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert), ist der 
Zinssatz für die betreffende Zins-
periode der Angebotssatz (aus-
gedrückt als Prozentsatz per an-
num) für Einlagen in der Festge-
legten Währung für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, der auf der Ersatz-
Bildschirmseite am Zinsfestle-
gungstag (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsse-
ler Ortszeit) angezeigt wird [im 
Fall einer Marge ist folgendes 
anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüg-
lich] der Marge], wobei alle Fest-
legungen 
durch 
die 
Berech-
nungsstelle erfolgen. 
If neither the Screen Page nor the 
Substitute Screen Page is availa-
ble or if no such quotation ap-
pears on any such page at such 
time, in each case for reasons 
other than the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event (as defined be-
low), the Rate of Interest shall be 
the offered quotation on the 
Screen 
Page, 
as 
described 
above, on the last day preceding 
the Interest Determination Date 
on which such quotation was of-
fered [in case of a Margin, the 
following applies: [plus] [minus] 
the Margin]. 
 
Sollte weder die Bildschirmseite 
noch die Ersatz-Bildschirmseite 
zur Verfügung stehen oder wird 
zu der genannten Zeit kein Ange-
botssatz auf einer dieser Seiten 
angezeigt und beruht dies jeweils 
auf anderen Gründen als dem 
Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereig-
nisses (wie nachstehend defi-
niert), ist der Zinssatz der Ange-
botssatz auf der Bildschirmseite, 
wie vorstehend beschrieben, an 
dem letzten Tag vor dem Zins-
festlegungstag, an dem ein sol-
cher 
Angebotssatz 
angezeigt 
wurde [im Fall einer Marge ist 
folgendes anwendbar: [zuzüg-
lich] [abzüglich] der Marge]. 
Substitute Screen Page means 
the screen page of any author-
ized vendor other than the 
Screen Page or any other availa-
ble website or screen page of a 
financial data provider on which 
the offered quotation (expressed 
as a percentage per annum) for 
deposits in the Specified Cur-
rency for the relevant Interest Pe-
riod as determined by its admin-
istrator (currently the European 
Money Markets Institute (EMMI)) 
 
Ersatz-Bildschirmseite 
be-
zeichnet die Bildschirmseite ei-
nes anderen autorisierten Anbie-
ters als die Bildschirmseite oder 
eine andere verfügbare Website 
oder Bildschirmseite eines Fi-
nanzdatenanbieters, auf der der 
Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum) für Ein-
lagen in der Festgelegten Wäh-
rung für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, 
wie er für den jeweiligen Zinsfest-
legungstag vom Administrator 
(derzeit das European Money

--- Page 155 ---
155 
for the relevant Interest Determi-
nation Date is displayed.] 
Markets Institute (EMMI)) festge-
legt wird, angezeigt wird.] 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines (in con-
sultation with the Calculation 
Agent) that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred on or prior to an In-
terest Determination Date, the 
following shall apply: 
 
(b) 
Stellt die Emittentin (in Abstim-
mung mit der Berechnungsstelle) 
fest, dass vor oder an einem 
Zinsfestlegungstag ein Bench-
mark-Ereignis eingetreten ist, gilt 
Folgendes: 
(i) 
The Offered Interest Rate 
for the Interest Period fol-
lowing such Interest Deter-
mination Date and each 
subsequent Interest Period 
(unless a new Benchmark 
Event occurs thereafter) 
shall be the Replacement 
Offered Interest Rate (as 
defined below), adjusted, if 
necessary, by any Adjust-
ment Spread (as defined 
below). The Issuer will in-
form the Calculation Agent 
at least 5 Business Days 
prior to such Interest De-
termination Date thereof 
and shall, in accordance 
with § 12 of these Terms 
and Conditions, notify the 
Replacement Offered In-
terest Rate, any Adjust-
ment Spread and the Ad-
justments (as defined be-
low) and all of these deter-
minations (as well as any 
amendment of the Interest 
Determination Date if so 
determined) shall become 
binding on the Issuer and 
the Holders with effect 
from the relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date 
as 
from the effectiveness of 
such notice. 
 
(i) 
Der Angebotszinssatz für 
die auf den Zinsfestle-
gungstag folgende Zinspe-
riode und jede nachfol-
gende Zinsperiode (es sei 
denn, es tritt in der Folge 
ein neues Benchmark-Er-
eignis ein) ist der Ersatz-
Angebotszinssatz 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert), der 
gegebenenfalls durch eine 
etwaige 
Anpassungs-
spanne (wie nachstehend 
definiert) angepasst wird. 
Die Emittentin wird die Be-
rechnungsstelle 
hierüber 
mindestens 5 Geschäfts-
tage vor obenstehendem 
Zinsberechnungstag infor-
mieren und den Ersatz-An-
gebotszinssatz, die etwa-
ige 
Anpassungsspanne 
und die Anpassungen (wie 
nachstehend definiert) ge-
mäß § 12 dieser Emissi-
onsbedingungen bekannt-
machen und diese (sowie 
eine 
etwaige 
Änderung 
des Zinsfestlegungstags, 
falls dies so bestimmt wird) 
werden mit Wirksamwer-
den der Bekanntmachung 
für die Emittentin und die 
Gläubiger mit Wirkung ab 
dem relevanten Zinsfestle-
gungstag verbindlich. 
(ii) 
If a Replacement Offered 
Interest Rate referred to in 
§ 3(2)(b)(i) is not available, 
the Issuer, after consulta-
tion with the Independent 
Advisor (as defined be-
low), will determine the Al-
ternative Offered Interest 
  
(ii) 
Soweit ein Ersatz-Ange-
botszinssatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(2)(b)(i) nicht zur Verfü-
gung steht, wird die Emit-
tentin nach Konsultation 
mit dem Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) den

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Rate (as defined below) 
and any Alternative Adjust-
ment Spread (as defined 
below). In such case, the 
Offered Interest Rate for 
the Interest Period follow-
ing the Interest Determina-
tion Date and each subse-
quent Interest Period (un-
less a new Benchmark 
Event occurs thereafter) 
shall be the Alternative Of-
fered Interest Rate, ad-
justed, if necessary, by any 
Alternative 
Adjustment 
Spread. The Issuer will in-
form the Calculation Agent 
at least 5 Business Days 
prior to such Interest De-
termination Date thereof 
and shall, in accordance 
with § 12 of these Terms 
and Conditions, notify the 
Alternative Offered Interest 
Rate, any Alternative Ad-
justment Spread and the 
Adjustments (as defined 
below) and all of these de-
terminations (as well as 
any amendment of the In-
terest Determination Date 
if so determined) shall be-
come binding on the Issuer 
and the Holders with effect 
from the relevant Interest 
Determination 
Date 
as 
from the effectiveness of 
such notice. 
Alternativ-Angebotszins-
satz (wie nachstehend de-
finiert) und eine etwaige Al-
ternativ-Anpassungs-
spanne (wie nachstehend 
definiert) festlegen. In die-
sem Fall wird der Ange-
botszinssatz für die auf 
den 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
folgende Zinsperiode und 
jede nachfolgende Zinspe-
riode (es sei denn, es tritt 
in der Folge ein neues 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
ein) 
der 
Alternativ-Angebots-
zinssatz, der gegebenen-
falls durch eine etwaige Al-
ternativ-Anpassungs-
spanne angepasst wird, 
sein. Die Emittentin wird 
die 
Berechnungsstelle 
hierüber mindestens 5 Ge-
schäftstage vor obenste-
hendem Zinsberechnungs-
tag informieren und den Al-
ternativ-Angebotszinssatz, 
die etwaige Alternativ-An-
passungsspanne und die 
Anpassungen (wie nach-
stehend definiert) gemäß 
§ 12 dieser Emissionsbe-
dingungen bekanntgeben 
und diese (sowie eine et-
waige Änderung des Zins-
festlegungstags, falls dies 
so bestimmt wird) werden 
mit Wirksamwerden der 
Bekanntmachung für die 
Emittentin und die Gläubi-
ger mit Wirkung ab dem re-
levanten Zinsfestlegungs-
tag verbindlich. 
(iii) 
If, by the [fifth] Business 
Day prior to the relevant In-
terest Determination Date, 
neither a Replacement Of-
fered Interest Rate has 
been identified pursuant to 
§ 3(2)(b)(i) nor an Alterna-
tive Offered Interest Rate 
has been determined pur-
suant 
to 
§ 3(2)(b)(ii)  
above, the Offered Interest 
Rate for the Interest Period 
 
(iii) 
Wenn bis zum [fünften] 
Geschäftstag vor dem be-
treffenden 
Zinsfestle-
gungstag weder ein Er-
satz-Angebotszinssatz ge-
mäß § 3(2)(b)(i) ermittelt 
noch ein Alternativ-Ange-
botszinssatz entsprechend 
des 
vorstehendenden 
§ 3(2)(b)(ii) 
festgelegt 
wurde, ist der Angebots-
zinssatz für die auf den

--- Page 157 ---
157 
following the relevant Inter-
est Determination Date 
shall be the Offered Inter-
est Rate for the immedi-
ately preceding Interest 
Period. If the Offered Inter-
est Rate is applied pursu-
ant to this § 3(2)(b)(iii), 
§ 3(2)(b) shall be applied 
again for the determination 
of the Offered Interest 
Rate for the next subse-
quent Interest Period. 
relevanten 
Zinsfestle-
gungstag folgende Zinspe-
riode der für die unmittel-
bar vorangehende Zinspe-
riode bestimmte Angebots-
zinssatz. Falls der Ange-
botszinssatz gemäß die-
sem § 3(2)(b)(iii) zur An-
wendung kommt, wird für 
die Bestimmung des Ange-
botszinssatzes 
für 
die 
nächste folgende Zinsperi-
ode § 3(2)(b) erneut ange-
wendet.  
For the purposes of sen-
tence 1 of this § 3(2)(b)(iii) 
and determining whether, 
by the [fifth] Business Day 
prior to the relevant Inter-
est Determination Date, a 
Replacement Offered In-
terest Rate has been iden-
tified 
pursuant 
to 
§ 3(2)(b)(i) or an Alterna-
tive Offered Interest Rate 
has been determined pur-
suant to § 3(2)(b)(ii), it will 
be irrelevant whether the 
respective notices in ac-
cordance with § 12 of 
these Terms and Condi-
tions have already been 
given or not. 
 
Für die Zwecke von Satz 1 
dieses § 3(2)(b)(iii) und die 
Bestimmung ob bis zum 
[fünften] Geschäftstag vor 
dem betreffenden Zinsfest-
legungstag ein Ersatz-An-
gebotszinssatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(2)(b)(i) ermittelt oder 
ein 
Alternativ-Angebots-
zinssatz 
gemäß 
§ 3(2)(b)(ii) 
festgelegt 
wurde, kommt es nicht da-
rauf an, ob die diesbezüg-
lichen Bekanntmachungen 
gemäß § 12 dieser Emissi-
onsbedingungen 
bereits 
erfolgt sind oder nicht. 
(iv) 
Certain definitions.  
 
(iv) 
Bestimmte 
Begriffsbes-
timmungen 
Benchmark Event means 
with respect to the Offered 
Interest Rate one of the fol-
lowing events: 
 
Benchmark-Ereignis be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf den 
Angebotszinssatz 
eines 
der nachfolgenden Ereig-
nisse: 
(aa) the Offered Interest 
Rate has not been 
published 
on 
the 
Screen Page during 
the last ten Busi-
ness Days prior to 
and including the 
relevant Interest De-
termination Date; or 
 
(aa) der 
Angebotszins-
satz wurde in den 
letzten 
zehn 
Ge-
schäftstagen 
vor 
dem und bis ein-
schließlich zum rele-
vanten 
Zinsfestle-
gungstag nicht auf 
der Bildschirmseite 
veröffentlicht; oder

--- Page 158 ---
158 
(bb) the occurrence of 
the date, as publicly 
announced by, or, 
as the case may be, 
determinable based 
upon the public an-
nouncement by, the 
administrator of the 
Offered 
Interest 
Rate, the regulatory 
supervisor responsi-
ble for the adminis-
trator or the central 
bank responsible for 
the Specified Cur-
rency that the ad-
ministrator of the Of-
fered Interest Rate 
has suspended or 
will suspend perma-
nently or indefinitely 
the Offered Interest 
Rate, its calculation 
and/or publication (if 
at the time of such 
announcement 
no 
successor adminis-
trator has been ap-
pointed that will con-
tinue the calculation 
and/or publication of 
the Offered Interest 
Rate); or 
 
(bb) der 
Eintritt 
des 
durch den Administ-
rator des Angebots-
zinssatzes, die für 
den 
Administrator 
zuständige 
Auf-
sichtsbehörde oder 
die für die Festge-
legte Währung zu-
ständige 
Zentral-
bank öffentlich be-
kannt 
gegebenen 
Tages bzw. des auf 
Grundlage der öf-
fentlichen Bekannt-
machung bestimm-
baren Tages, dass 
der 
Administrator 
des Angebotszins-
satzes den Ange-
botszinssatz, seine 
Berechnung 
und/oder seine Ver-
öffentlichung dauer-
haft oder auf unbe-
stimmte Zeit einge-
stellt hat oder ein-
stellen wird (wenn 
zum Zeitpunkt die-
ser 
Bekanntma-
chung kein Nachfol-
geadministrator er-
nannt worden ist, 
der die Berechnung 
und/oder Veröffentli-
chung des Ange-
botszinssatzes fort-
setzen wird); oder 
(cc) 
the occurrence of 
the date, as publicly 
announced by, or, 
as the case may be, 
determinable based 
upon the public an-
nouncement by, the 
administrator of the 
Offered 
Interest 
Rate, the regulatory 
supervisor responsi-
ble for the adminis-
trator or the central 
bank responsible for 
the Specified Cur-
rency that there will 
 
(cc) 
der 
Eintritt 
des 
durch den Administ-
rator des Angebots-
zinssatzes, die für 
den 
Administrator 
zuständige 
Auf-
sichtsbehörde oder 
die für die Festge-
legte Währung zu-
ständige 
Zentral-
bank öffentlich be-
kannt 
gegebenen 
Tages bzw. des auf 
Grundlage der öf-
fentlichen Bekannt-
machung

--- Page 159 ---
159 
be 
a 
material 
change in the meth-
odology of determin-
ing the Offered In-
terest Rate; or 
bestimmbaren 
Ta-
ges, von dem an 
eine 
wesentliche 
Änderung der Me-
thode zur Festle-
gung des Angebots-
zinssatzes wirksam 
wird; oder 
(dd) the occurrence of 
the date, as publicly 
announced by, or, 
as the case may be, 
determinable based 
upon the public an-
nouncement by the 
administrator of the 
Offered 
Interest 
Rate, by the regula-
tory supervisor re-
sponsible for the ad-
ministrator or by the 
central bank respon-
sible for the Speci-
fied Currency that 
the use of the Of-
fered Interest Rate 
is generally prohib-
ited; or 
 
(dd) der 
Eintritt 
des 
durch den Administ-
rator des Angebots-
zinssatzes, die für 
den 
Administrator 
zuständige 
Auf-
sichtsbehörde oder 
die für die Festge-
legte Währung zu-
ständige 
Zentral-
bank öffentlich be-
kannt 
gegebenen 
Tages bzw. des auf 
Grundlage der öf-
fentlichen Bekannt-
machung bestimm-
baren Tages, von 
dem an die Nutzung 
des Angebotszins-
satzes 
allgemein 
verboten ist; oder 
(ee) the publication by 
the Issuer of a no-
tice pursuant to § 12 
of these Terms and 
Conditions that the 
use of the Offered 
Interest Rate to cal-
culate the Interest 
Rate has become 
unlawful for the Is-
suer, the Calculation 
Agent or any Paying 
Agent. 
 
(ee) die Veröffentlichung 
einer 
Mitteilung 
durch die Emittentin 
gemäß § 12 dieser 
Emissionsbedingun-
gen, dass die Ver-
wendung des Ange-
botszinssatzes zur 
Berechnung 
des 
Zinssatzes für die 
Emittentin, die Be-
rechnungsstelle 
oder eine Zahlstelle 
rechtswidrig gewor-
den ist. 
Replacement Offered Interest 
Rate means a successor or re-
placement of the Offered Interest 
Rate officially recommended by 
the Nominating Body (as defined 
below). 
 
Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz 
be-
zeichnet einen Nachfolger oder 
Ersatz des Angebotszinssatzes, 
der offiziell durch die Nominie-
rungsstelle (wie nachstehend de-
finiert) empfohlen wurde.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Adjustment Spread means the 
difference (positive or negative) 
or the result of the application of 
a formula or methodology to de-
termine such difference that is 
recommended by the Nominating 
Body in connection with the re-
placement of the Offered Interest 
Rate by the Replacement Offered 
Interest Rate. 
 
Anpassungsspanne bezeichnet 
die Differenz (positiv oder nega-
tiv) oder das Ergebnis der An-
wendung einer Formel oder Me-
thode zur Bestimmung einer sol-
chen Differenz, die im Zusam-
menhang mit der Ersetzung des 
Angebotszinssatzes durch den 
Ersatz-Angebotszinssatz von der 
Nominierungsstelle 
empfohlen 
wird. 
Adjustments means the amend-
ments to the Terms and Condi-
tions (i) in the case of a Replace-
ment Offered Interest Rate, as 
determined by the Issuer after 
consultation with the Calculation 
Agent, and (ii) in the case of an 
Alternative Offered Interest Rate, 
as determined by the Issuer after 
consultation with the Independ-
ent Advisor, being necessary to 
ensure the proper application of 
the Replacement Offered Interest 
Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
or the proper application of the Al-
ternative Offered Interest Rate 
and the Alternative Adjustment 
Spread. The Adjustments may 
extend to, inter alia, provisions 
relating to the applicable Busi-
ness Day Convention, the defini-
tions of the terms "Screen Page", 
"Business Day", "Interest Pay-
ment Date", "Interest Period", 
"Day Count Fraction" and/or "In-
terest Determination Date" (in-
cluding the determination of 
whether the Offered Interest Rate 
is determined on a forward look-
ing or backward looking basis) 
and any methodology or defini-
tion for obtaining or calculating 
the Replacement Offered Interest 
Rate or the Alternative Offered 
Interest Rate. 
 
Anpassungen bezeichnet die 
Änderungen 
hinsichtlich 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, die (i) im 
Falle eines Ersatz-Angebotszins-
satzes nach Feststellung der 
Emittentin in Abstimmung mit der 
Berechnungsstelle 
und 
(ii) im 
Falle eines Alternativ-Angebots-
zinssatzes 
nach 
Feststellung 
durch die Emittentin nach Konsul-
tation mit dem Unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen 
notwendig 
sind, um die ordnungsgemäße 
Anwendung des Ersatz-Ange-
botszinssatzes und der Anpas-
sungsspanne oder die ordnungs-
gemäße Anwendung des Alter-
nativ-Angebotszinssatzes 
und 
der 
Alternativ-Anpassungs-
spanne zu gewährleisten. Die An-
passungen können u.a. Regelun-
gen bezüglich der anwendbaren 
Geschäftstag-Konvention, 
der 
Definitionen der Begriffe "Bild-
schirmseite", 
"Geschäftstag", 
"Zinszahlungstag", 
"Zinsperi-
ode", 
"Zinstagequotient" 
und/oder 
"Zinsfestlegungstag" 
(einschließlich der Festlegung ob 
der Angebotszinssatz vorwärts- 
oder rückwärtsgerichtet bestimmt 
wird) sowie jeder Methode oder 
Definition, um den Ersatz-Ange-
botszinssatz oder den Alternativ-
Angebotszinssatz 
zu 
erhalten 
oder zu berechnen, umfassen. 
Nominating Body means (1) the 
central bank for the currency in 
which the Offered Interest Rate is 
presented or a central bank or 
other regulatory supervisor re-
sponsible for the supervision of 
 
Nominierungsstelle bezeichnet 
(1) die Zentralbank für die Wäh-
rung in der der Angebotszinssatz 
dargestellt wird oder eine Zentral-
bank oder andere Aufsichtsbe-
hörde, die für die Aufsicht des

--- Page 161 ---
161 
the administrator of the Offered 
Interest Rate; or (2) any working 
group or committee assisted, co-
chaired or endorsed by (a) the 
central bank for the currency in 
which the Offered Interest Rate is 
denominated, 
(b) any 
central 
bank or other regulatory supervi-
sor responsible for the supervi-
sion of the administrator of the 
Offered Interest Rate, (c) any 
group of the aforementioned cen-
tral banks or other regulatory su-
pervisors, or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part 
thereof.  
Administrators des Angebots-
zinssatzes zuständig ist; oder 
(2) jede Arbeitsgruppe oder je-
den 
Ausschuss, 
die/der 
von 
(a) der Zentralbank für die Wäh-
rung in der der Angebotszinssatz 
dargestellt wird, (b) einer Zentral-
bank oder anderen Aufsichtsbe-
hörde, die für die Aufsicht des Ad-
ministrators des Angebotszins-
satzes zuständig ist, (c) einer 
Gruppe der zuvor genannten 
Zentralbanken oder anderer Auf-
sichtsbehörden oder (d) dem Fi-
nanzstabilitätsrat (Financial Sta-
bility Board) oder Teilen davon 
unterstützt, (mit)geleitet oder be-
fürwortet wird 
Independent Advisor means an 
independent financial institution 
of international reputation or an-
other independent financial advi-
sor with experience in interna-
tional capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall employ reasona-
ble efforts to effect the appoint-
ment of an Independent Advisor 
on 
commercially 
reasonable 
terms; if no such appointment is 
possible, the function of the Inde-
pendent Advisor under these 
conditions shall be omitted. 
 
Unabhängiger Sachverständi-
ger bezeichnet ein von der Emit-
tentin für die Wahrnehmung der 
ihr nach diesen Emissionsbedin-
gungen zugewiesenen Funktio-
nen ernanntes unabhängiges Fi-
nanzinstitut mit internationalem 
Ansehen oder einen anderen un-
abhängigen Finanzberater mit 
Erfahrung in internationalen Ka-
pitalmärkten. Die Emittentin ist zu 
ihr 
zumutbaren 
Bemühungen 
verpflichtet, um die Beauftragung 
eines Unabhängigen Sachver-
ständigen zu wirtschaftlich ange-
messenen Bedingungen zu be-
wirken; ist dies nicht möglich, ent-
fällt die Funktion des Unabhängi-
gen 
Sachverständigen 
nach 
Maßgabe dieser Emissionsbe-
dingungen.  
Alternative 
Offered 
Interest 
Rate means a publicly available 
alternative offered interest rate 
quotation that is intended to allow 
financial instruments or con-
tracts, such as, but not limited to, 
debt securities, to use such alter-
native offered interest rate quota-
tion for determining floating rates 
of interest (or related interest 
components) in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz 
bezeichnet einen öffentlich ver-
fügbaren alternativen Angebots-
zinssatz, der dafür vorgesehen 
ist, dass Finanzinstrumente oder 
-verträge, wie u.a. in Form von 
Schuldverschreibungen, diesen 
bei der Bestimmung von variab-
len Zinssätzen (oder dazugehöri-
gen Zinskomponenten) in der 
festgelegten Währung verwen-
den können.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Alternative Adjustment Spread 
means the difference (which may 
be positive or negative) or the re-
sult of the application of a formula 
or methodology for calculating 
such a difference to be applied to 
the Alternative Offered Interest 
Rate as determined by the Issuer 
after consultation with the Inde-
pendent Advisor, to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasona-
bly possible, any shift in the eco-
nomic value between the Issuer 
and the Holders which would 
arise without such adjustment as 
a result of the replacement of the 
Offered Interest Rate by the Al-
ternative Offered Interest Rate 
(including, but not limited to, that 
the Alternative Offered Interest 
Rate is a risk-free rate). 
 
Alternativ-Anpassungsspanne 
bezeichnet die Differenz (positiv 
oder negativ) oder das Ergebnis 
der Anwendung einer Formel 
oder Methode zur Bestimmung 
einer solchen Differenz, die nach 
Festlegung durch die Emittentin 
nach Konsultation mit dem Unab-
hängigen Sachverständigen auf 
den Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz 
anzuwenden ist, um eine Verla-
gerung des wirtschaftlichen Wer-
tes zwischen der Emittentin und 
den Gläubigern, die ohne diese 
Anpassung infolge der Ersetzung 
des Angebotszinssatzes durch 
den Alternativ-Angebotszinssatz 
entstehen würde (einschließlich, 
aber ohne hierauf begrenzt zu 
sein, infolgedessen, dass der Al-
ternativ-Angebotszinssatz eine ri-
sikofreie Rate ist), soweit sinn-
vollerweise möglich, zu reduzie-
ren oder auszuschließen. 
Offered Interest Rate means the 
offered quotation specified in the 
Final Terms and, following the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
Benchmark 
Event, the relevant Replacement 
Offered Interest Rate or, as appli-
cable, the relevant Alternative Of-
fered Interest Rate or, as applica-
ble, the Offered Interest Rate for 
the immediately preceding Inter-
est Period, as determined at the 
relevant time in accordance with 
this § 3(2)(b).] 
 
Angebotszinssatz 
bezeichnet 
den in den Endgültigen Bedin-
gungen festgelegten Angebots-
satz bzw., nach Eintritt eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, den be-
treffenden Ersatz-Angebotszins-
satz oder, falls anwendbar, den 
betreffenden 
Alternativ-Ange-
botszinssatz oder, falls anwend-
bar, den Angebotszinssatz für die 
unmittelbar vorangehende Zins-
periode, wie zur jeweiligen Zeit 
nach Maßgabe dieses § 3(2)(b) 
bestimmt.] 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits 
in the Specified Currency is €STR, the fol-
lowing applies: 
 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung €STR ist, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: 
(a) 
The rate of interest (the Rate of 
Interest) for each Interest Period 
(as defined below) will, except as 
provided below or in § 3(2)(b)-(d) 
[in case of Minimum Rate of In-
terest or Maximum Rate of In-
terest the following applies: or 
§ 3(3)], be the [in case of the 
reference rate Compounded 
Daily €STR, the following ap-
plies: Compounded Daily €STR] 
 
(a) 
Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für 
jede Zinsperiode (wie nachste-
hend definiert) ist, sofern nach-
stehend oder in § 3(2)(b)-(d) [im 
Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes 
oder Höchstzinssatzes ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: oder § 3(3)] 
nichts Abweichendes bestimmt 
wird, der an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachste-
hend definiert) festgestellte [falls

--- Page 163 ---
163 
[in case of the reference rate 
Compounded €STR Index, the 
following applies: Compounded 
€STR Index] (as defined below) 
determined on the Interest Deter-
mination Date (as defined below) 
[in case of a Margin the follow-
ing applies: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)], all as 
determined by the Calculation 
Agent (as defined in § 6(1)). 
der Referenzsatz Compounded 
Daily €STR ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Compounded Daily 
€STR] [falls der Referenzssatz 
Compounded €STR Index ist, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Com-
pounded €STR Index] (wie nach-
stehend definiert) [im Fall einer 
Marge, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend defi-
niert)], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie 
in § 6(1) definiert) erfolgen. 
Interest Period means each pe-
riod from (and including) the In-
terest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date and from (and in-
cluding) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the follow-
ing Interest Payment Date. 
 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet jeweils 
den Zeitraum vom Verzinsungs-
beginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(aus-
schließlich) bzw. von jedem Zins-
zahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließ-
lich). 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
means in respect of any Interest 
Period the [number] T2-Busi-
ness Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for the relevant In-
terest Period (or the date falling 
[number] 
T2-Business 
Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due 
and payable). For that purpose, 
T2-Business Day or TBD means 
a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which the real time 
gross settlement system oper-
ated by the Eurosystem, or any 
successor system (T2) is open. 
 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode 
den [Anzahl] T2-Geschäftstag 
vor dem Zinszahlungstag für die 
jeweilige Zinsperiode (oder, falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen be-
reits früher fällig werden, [An-
zahl] T2-Geschäftstage vor die-
sem früheren Tag). Dabei be-
zeichnet T2-Geschäftstag oder 
TGT einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem 
das Echtzeit-Bruttoabwicklungs-
system betrieben durch das Eu-
rosystem, oder ein Nachfolgesys-
tem (T2) betriebsbereit ist. 
[In case of a Margin, the follow-
ing applies: Margin means [in-
sert relevant Margin]% per an-
num.] 
 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgen-
des anwendbar: Die Marge be-
trägt 
[entsprechende 
Marge 
einfügen]% per annum.] 
Website means the website of 
the European Central Bank or 
any successor website officially 
designated by the European 
Central Bank or any successor 
administrator, as the case may 
 
Internetseite bezeichnet die In-
ternetseite 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank oder eine von der 
Europäischen Zentralbank bzw. 
einem 
Nachfolge-Administrator 
offiziell benannten Nachfolge-In-
ternetseite auf der der €STR (wie

--- Page 164 ---
164 
be, on which the €STR (as de-
fined below) is published. 
nachstehend definiert) veröffent-
licht wird 
[In the case of the reference 
rate Compounded Daily €STR, 
the following is applicable: 
 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Com-
pounded Daily €STR ist, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: 
Compounded 
Daily 
€STR 
means in respect of any Interest 
Period the compound rate of re-
turn on an overnight deposit (with 
the daily Euro Short-Term Rate 
as reference rate for the calcula-
tion of interest) and will be calcu-
lated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determina-
tion Date, pursuant to the follow-
ing formula, rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded up-
wards: 
 
Compounded Daily €STR be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zins-
periode den nach der Zinseszins-
formel zu berechnenden Rendite-
satz einer Tagesgeldanlage (mit 
der täglichen Euro Short-Term 
Rate als Referenzsatz für die 
Zinsberechnung) und wird von 
der Berechnungsstelle am jewei-
ligen Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß 
der folgenden Formel berechnet, 
falls erforderlich auf- oder abge-
rundet auf die fünfte Dezimal-
stelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerun-
det wird: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐺𝑇𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
Where: 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d means the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Determina-
tion Period; 
 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Ka-
lendertage in der jeweiligen Fest-
stellungsperiode;  
d0 means the number of T2-Busi-
ness Days in the relevant Deter-
mination Period; 
 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der T2-
Geschäftstage in der jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode;  
€STR Reference Rate means in 
respect of any T2-Business Day 
(TBDx) a reference rate equal to 
the daily Euro short term rate 
(€STR) for such TBDx as pub-
lished by the administrator of 
€STR at or around 8:00 a.m. 
(Central European Time) on the 
Website on the T2-Business Day 
immediately following such TBDx; 
 
€STR Referenzsatz bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf einen T2-Geschäfts-
tag (TGTx) einen Referenzsatz in 
Höhe des täglichen Euro Short 
Term Rate (€STR) Satzes für den 
betreffenden TGTx, der vom Ad-
ministrator des €STR um ca. 8.00 
Uhr (Mitteleuropäische Zeit) am 
T2-Geschäftstag 
unmittelbar 
nach dem TGTx auf der Internet-
seite veröffentlicht wird;  
€STRi-pTBD means in respect of 
any T2-Business Day "i" falling in 
the relevant Determination Pe-
riod the €STR Reference Rate for 
[in the case of Lag method the 
following 
applies: 
the 
T2-
 
€STRi-pTGT bezeichnet für jeden 
T2-Geschäftstag "i" in der jeweili-
gen Feststellungsperiode den 
€STR Referenzsatz [im Fall der 
Lag Methode ist Folgendes an-
wendbar: 
an 
dem 
T2-

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Business Day falling "p" T2-Busi-
ness Days prior to the relevant 
T2-Business Day "i"] [in the case 
of Shift method the following 
applies: that T2-Business Day 
"i"]; 
Geschäftstag, der "p" T2-Ge-
schäftstage vor dem jeweiligen 
T2-Geschäftstag "i" liegt,] [im 
Fall der Shift Methode ist Fol-
gendes anwendbar: am T2-Ge-
schäftstag "i"]; 
Determination Period means 
[in the case of Shift method the 
following applies: Observation 
Period] [in the case of Lag 
method the following applies: 
Interest Period]; 
 
Feststellungsperiode bezeich-
net [im Fall der Shift Methode 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Be-
obachtungszeitraum] [im Fall 
der Lag Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zinsperiode]; 
i means a series of whole num-
bers from one to "d0", each repre-
senting the relevant T2-Business 
Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first T2-Busi-
ness Day in the relevant Determi-
nation Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von gan-
zen Zahlen von eins bis "do", die 
in chronologischer Folge jeweils 
einen T2-Geschäftstag vom, und 
einschließlich des, ersten T2-Ge-
schäftstages der jeweiligen Fest-
stellungsperiode wiedergeben; 
ni for any T2-Business Day "i" 
means the number of calendar 
days from and including such day 
"i" up to but excluding the follow-
ing T2-Business Day; and 
 
ni an jedem T2-Geschäftstag "i" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalen-
dertage von dem Tag "i" (ein-
schließlich) bis zu dem folgenden 
T2-Geschäftstag 
(ausschließ-
lich); und 
p means [five] [•] T2-Business 
Days1. 
 
p bezeichnet [five] [•] T2-Ge-
schäftstage.2. 
[In the case of Shift method the 
following applies: Observation 
Period means in respect of any 
Interest Period the period from 
and including the date falling "p" 
T2-Business Days prior to the 
first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and ending on, but exclud-
ing, the date falling "p" T2-Busi-
ness Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" T2-
Business Days prior to such ear-
lier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and paya-
ble).]] 
 
[Im Fall der Shift Methode ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Be-
obachtungszeitraum 
bezeich-
net in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode 
den Zeitraum von dem Tag (ein-
schließlich), welcher "p" T2-Ge-
schäftstage vor dem ersten Tag 
der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, 
bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), 
welcher "p" T2-Geschäftstage vor 
dem Zinszahlungstag einer sol-
chen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den 
Tag, der "p" T2-Geschäftstage 
vor einem solchen früheren Tag 
liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem 
die Schuldverschreibungen fällig 
und zahlbar werden).]] 
 
1  
Shall not be less than five T2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
2  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2-Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
[In the case of the Reference 
Rate Compounded €STR In-
dex, the following applies: 
 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Com-
pounded €STR Index ist, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: 
Compounded 
€STR 
Index 
means in respect of any Interest 
Period the compound rate of re-
turn on an overnight deposit (with 
the daily Euro Short-Term Rate 
as reference rate for the calcula-
tion of interest) and will be calcu-
lated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determina-
tion Date, pursuant to the follow-
ing formula, rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded up-
wards: 
 
Compounded €STR Index be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zins-
periode den nach der Zinseszins-
formel zu berechnenden Rendite-
satz einer Tagesgeldanlage (mit 
der täglichen Euro Short-Term 
Rate als Referenzsatz für die 
Zinsberechnung) und wird von 
der Berechnungsstelle am jewei-
ligen Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß 
der folgenden Formel berechnet, 
falls erforderlich auf- oder abge-
rundet auf die fünfte Dezimal-
stelle, wobei 0,000005 aufgerun-
det wird: 
( €𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 360
𝑑 
 
(€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑𝑒
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 360
𝑑 
Where: 
 
Dabei bezeichnet:  
d means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, €STR 
IndexStart to, but excluding, €STR 
IndexEnd; 
 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Ka-
lendertage von €STR IndexStart 
(einschließlich) bis €STR Inde-
xEnde (ausschließlich); 
€STR IndexEnd means the €STR 
Compounded Index Value on the 
day which is [five] [●] T2-Busi-
ness Days3 preceding the Inter-
est Payment Date relating to the 
relevant Interest Period (or if the 
Notes are redeemed early, the 
date falling [five] [●] T2-Business 
Day4 prior to the date fixed for re-
demption) (the Index Determina-
tion DateEnd); 
 
€STR IndexEnde bezeichnet den 
€STR Compounded Indexwert an 
dem Tag, der [fünf] [●] T2-Ge-
schäftstage5 vor dem Zinszah-
lungstag für die relevante Zinspe-
riode liegt (oder, im Falle einer 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
den 
Tag, der [fünf] [●] T2-Geschafts-
tage6 vor dem festgelegten Rück-
zahlungstag liegt) (der Index-
FeststellungstagEnde); 
€STR IndexStart means the €STR 
Compounded Index Value on the 
day which is [five] [●] T2-Busi-
ness Days7 preceding the first 
 
€STR IndexStart bezeichnet den 
€STR Compounded Indexwert an 
dem Tag, der [fünf] [●] T2-
 
3  
Shall not be less than five T2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
4  
Shall not be less than five T2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
5  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2 Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Rückschauzeitraum zugestimmt. 
6  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2 Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Rückschauzeitraum zugestimmt. 
7  
Shall not be less than five T2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
day of the relevant Interest Pe-
riod (an Index Determination 
DateStart and, together with the In-
dex Determination DateEnd, each 
an Index Determination Date); 
und 
Geschaftstage8 vor dem ersten 
Tag der relevanten Zinsperiode 
liegt (der Index-Feststellungs-
tagStart, und zusammen mit dem 
Index-FeststellungstagEnde, 
je-
weils ein Index-Feststellungs-
tag); und 
€STR 
Compounded 
Index 
Value means in respect of an In-
dex Determination Date the value 
published as €STR Compounded 
Index Value by the administrator 
of the €STR Reference Rate at 
9:15 a.m. (Central European 
Time) on such Index Determina-
tion Date. 
 
€STR Compounded Indexwert 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf einen In-
dex-Feststellungstag den Wert, 
der als €STR Compounded In-
dexwert vom Administrator des 
€STR Referenzsatzes (wie nach-
stehend definiert) um 9:15 Uhr 
(Mitteleuropäische Zeit) an einem 
solchen 
Index-Feststellungstag 
veröffentlicht wird. 
If, in respect of any Index Deter-
mination Date, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the €STR 
Compounded Index Value is not 
available or has not otherwise 
been published or displayed by 
the administrator of the €STR 
Reference Rate or by another in-
formation vendor, as the case 
may be, the Compounded €STR 
Index for such Interest Period will 
be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to 
the following formula, rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, 
with 
0.000005 
being 
rounded upwards: 
 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle in 
Bezug auf einen Index-Feststel-
lungstag feststellt, dass der €STR 
Compounded 
Indexwert 
nicht 
verfügbar ist oder nicht auf an-
dere Art und Weise vom Admi-
nistrator des €STR Referenzsat-
zes bzw. von einem anderen Fi-
nanzinformationsserver 
veröf-
fentlicht oder angezeigt wird, wird 
der Compounded €STR Index für 
eine solche Zinsperiode von der 
Berechnungsstelle am Zinsfestle-
gungstag nach der folgenden 
Formel berechnet, falls erforder-
lich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, 
wobei 
0,000005 aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐺𝑇𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
Where: 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d means the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Ka-
lendertage im jeweiligen Be-
obachtungszeitraum; 
 
8  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2 Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
d0 means the number of T2-Busi-
ness Days in the relevant Obser-
vation Period; 
 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der T2-
Geschäftstage im jeweiligen Be-
obachtungszeitraum; 
€STRi-pTBD means in respect of 
any T2-Business Day "i" falling in 
the relevant Observation Period, 
the €STR Reference Rate for that 
T2-Business Day "i"; 
 
€STRi-pTGT bezeichnet für jeden 
T2-Geschäftstag "i" im jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
den 
€STR Referenzsatz am T2-Ge-
schäftstag "i"; 
€STR Reference Rate means in 
respect of any T2-Business Day 
(TBDx) a reference rate equal to 
the daily Euro short term rate 
(€STR) for such TBDx as pub-
lished by the administrator of 
€STR at or around 8:00 a.m. 
(Central European Time) on the 
Website on the T2-Business Day 
immediately following such TBDx; 
 
€STR Referenzsatz bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf einen T2-Geschäfts-
tag (TGTx) einen Referenzsatz in 
Höhe des täglichen Euro Short 
Term Rate (€STR) Satzes für den 
betreffenden TGTx, der vom Ad-
ministrator des €STR um ca. 8.00 
Uhr (Mitteleuropäische Zeit) am 
T2-Geschäftstag 
unmittelbar 
nach dem TGTx auf der Internet-
seite veröffentlicht wird; 
i means a series of whole num-
bers from one to "d0", each repre-
senting the relevant T2-Business 
Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first T2-Busi-
ness Day in the relevant Obser-
vation Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von gan-
zen Zahlen von eins bis "d0", die 
in chronologischer Folge jeweils 
einen T2-Geschäftstag vom, und 
einschließlich des, ersten T2-Ge-
schäftstages des jeweiligen Be-
obachtungszeitraums wiederge-
ben; 
ni for any T2-Business Day "i" 
means the number of calendar 
days from and including such day 
"i" up to but excluding the follow-
ing T2-Business Day; and 
 
ni an jedem T2-Geschäftstag "i" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalen-
dertage von dem Tag "i" (ein-
schließlich) bis zu dem folgenden 
T2-Geschäftstag 
(ausschließ-
lich); und 
p means [number of T2-Busi-
ness Days]9. 
 
p bezeichnet [Anzahl T2-Ge-
schäftstage]10. 
Observation Period means in 
respect of any Interest Period the 
period from and including the 
date falling "p" T2-Business Days 
prior to the first day of the rele-
vant Interest Period and ending 
on, but excluding, the date falling 
"p" T2-Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling 
 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zins-
periode den Zeitraum von dem 
Tag (einschließlich), welcher "p" 
T2-Geschäftstage vor dem ers-
ten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperi-
ode liegt, bis zu dem Tag (aus-
schließlich), welcher "p" T2-Ge-
schäftstage vor dem Zinszah-
lungstag 
einer 
solchen 
 
9  
Shall not be less than five T2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
10  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2 Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
"p" T2-Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and paya-
ble).] 
Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, 
der "p" T2-Geschäftstage vor ei-
nem solchen früheren Tag liegt 
(falls vorhanden), an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und 
zahlbar werden).] 
(b) 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not 
made available on a T2-Business 
Day as described in subpara-
graph (a) above and unless both 
an €STR Index Cessation Event 
and an €STR Index Cessation Ef-
fective Date have occurred, the 
€STR Reference Rate for such 
T2-Business Day shall be equal 
to the €STR in respect of the last 
T2-Business Day for which such 
rate was published on the Web-
site. 
 
(b) 
Wird der €STR Referenzsatz an 
einem T2-Geschäftstag nicht wie 
vorstehend in Absatz (a) be-
schrieben zur Verfügung gestellt, 
so 
ist 
der 
€STR-
Referenzzinssatz für diesen T2-
Geschäftstag gleich dem €STR 
für den letzten T2-Geschäftstag, 
für den dieser Zinssatz auf der In-
ternetseite veröffentlicht wurde, 
sofern nicht sowohl ein €STR-
Index-Einstellungsereignis 
als 
auch 
ein 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten 
sind. 
(c) 
If the €STR Reference Rate is not 
made available on a T2-Business 
Day as described in subpara-
graph (a) above and both an 
€STR Index Cessation Event and 
an €STR Index Cessation Effec-
tive Date have occurred, the Rate 
of Interest shall be determined by 
reference to the rate (including 
any interest rate spreads or inter-
est rate adjustments) recom-
mended as a substitute for the 
€STR by the European Central 
Bank or by a committee officially 
established or convened by the 
European Central Bank for the 
purpose of recommending a sub-
stitute for the €STR (as such sub-
stitute for the €STR may be de-
termined by the European Cen-
tral Bank or any other administra-
tor appointed therefor). 
 
(c) 
Wird der €STR Referenzsatz an 
einem T2-Geschäftstag nicht wie 
vorstehend in Absatz (a) be-
schrieben zur Verfügung gestellt 
und sind sowohl ein €STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein 
€STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetreten, so wird der Zinssatz 
durch Bezugnahme auf den Zins-
satz 
(einschließlich 
etwaiger 
Zinsspannen oder Zinsanpas-
sungen) bestimmt, der von der 
Europäischen Zentralbank oder 
von einem Ausschuss, der von 
der Europäischen Zentralbank 
zum Zwecke der Empfehlung ei-
nes Ersatzes für den €STR offizi-
ell eingesetzt oder einberufen 
wurde, als Ersatz für den €STR 
empfohlen wurde (wobei dieser 
Ersatz für den €STR von der Eu-
ropäischen Zentralbank oder ei-
nem anderen damit beauftragten 
Administrator bestimmt werden 
kann). 
(d) 
In the event that the Rate of Inter-
est cannot be determined in ac-
cordance with the foregoing pro-
visions by the Calculation Agent, 
the Rate of Interest shall be (i) 
that determined as at the last 
 
(d) 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz 
nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen von der Berech-
nungsstelle 
bestimmt 
werden 
kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derje-
nige 
des 
letzten

--- Page 170 ---
170 
preceding Interest Determination 
Date or (ii) if there is no such pre-
ceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applica-
ble to such Notes for the first In-
terest Period had the Notes been 
in issue for a period equal in du-
ration to the scheduled first Inter-
est Period but ending on (and ex-
cluding) the Interest Commence-
ment Date. 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestle-
gungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn 
es keinen solchen vorangegan-
genen Zinsfestlegungstag gibt, 
der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der 
für solche Schuldverschreibun-
gen für die erste Zinsperiode an-
wendbar gewesen wäre, wären 
die Schuldverschreibungen für 
einen Zeitraum von gleicher 
Dauer wie die erste Zinsperiode 
bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn (aus-
schließlich) begeben worden. 
(e) 
For purposes of subparagraphs 
(b) through (d) above, the follow-
ing definitions apply: 
 
(e) 
Für die Zwecke der vorstehenden 
Absätze (b) bis (d) gelten die fol-
genden Definitionen: 
€STR Index Cessation Event 
means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events: 
 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis 
bezeich-
net den Eintritt eines oder mehre-
rer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) 
a public statement by the 
European Central Bank (or 
any successor administra-
tor of €STR) announcing 
that it has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publi-
cation, there is no succes-
sor administrator that will 
provide €STR; or 
 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
der Europäischen Zentral-
bank (oder eines Nachfol-
geadministrators 
des 
€STR), in der sie ankün-
digt, dass sie den €STR 
dauerhaft oder auf unbe-
stimmte Zeit nicht mehr be-
stimmt oder bestimmen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass 
zum Zeitpunkt der Erklä-
rung oder Veröffentlichung 
kein Nachfolgeadministra-
tor existiert, der weiterhin 
einen €STR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder 
(ii) 
the publication of infor-
mation which reasonably 
confirms that the European 
Central Bank (or any suc-
cessor 
administrator 
of 
€STR) has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor ad-
ministrator that will con-
tinue to provide €STR. 
 
(ii) 
die Veröffentlichung von 
Informationen, durch wel-
che hinreichend bestätigt 
wird, dass die Europäische 
Zentralbank 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
des €STR) den €STR dau-
erhaft 
oder 
auf 
unbe-
stimmte Zeit nicht mehr be-
stimmt oder bestimmen 
wird, vorausgesetzt, dass 
zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfol-
geadministrator 
existiert,

--- Page 171 ---
171 
der weiterhin einen €STR 
zur Verfügung stellt. 
€STR Index Cessation Effec-
tive Date means in respect of a 
€STR Index Cessation Event the 
date on which the European Cen-
tral Bank (or any successor ad-
ministrator of €STR) ceases to 
publish €STR, or the date of 
which €STR may no longer be 
used.] 
 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag 
bezeich-
net in Bezug auf ein €STR-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeit-
punkt, ab dem die Europäische 
Zentralbank (oder ein Nachfol-
geadministrator des €STR) den 
€STR nicht mehr veröffentlicht 
oder bestimmt.] 
[In case the offered quotation for de-
posits in the Specified Currency is 
SOFR, the following applies: 
 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen 
in der Festgelegten Währung SOFR 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) 
The rate of interest (the Rate of 
Interest) for each Interest Period 
(as defined below) will, except as 
provided below or in § 3(2)(b)-(f) 
[in case of Minimum Rate of In-
terest or Maximum Rate of In-
terest the following applies: or 
§ § 3(3)], be the [in case of the 
reference rate Compounded 
Daily SOFR, the following ap-
plies: Compounded Daily SOFR] 
[in case of the reference rate 
Compounded SOFR Index, the 
following applies: Compounded 
SOFR Index] (as defined below) 
determined on the Interest Deter-
mination Date (as defined below) 
[in case of a Margin the follow-
ing applies: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)], all as 
determined by the Calculation 
Agent (as defined in § 6(1)). 
 
(a) 
Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für 
jede Zinsperiode (wie nachste-
hend definiert) ist, sofern nach-
stehend oder in § 3(2)(b)-(f) [im 
Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes 
oder Höchstzinssatzes ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: oder § 3(3)] 
nichts Abweichendes bestimmt 
wird, der an dem betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag (wie nachste-
hend definiert) festgestellte [falls 
der Referenzsatz Compounded 
Daily SOFR ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Compounded Daily 
SOFR] [falls der Referenzssatz 
Compounded SOFR Index ist, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Com-
pounded SOFR Index] (wie nach-
stehend definiert) [im Fall einer 
Marge, ist folgendes anwend-
bar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend defi-
niert)], wobei alle Festlegungen 
durch die Berechnungsstelle (wie 
in § 6(1) definiert) erfolgen. 
Interest Period means each pe-
riod from (and including) the In-
terest Commencement Date to 
(but excluding) the first Interest 
Payment Date and from (and in-
cluding) each Interest Payment 
Date to (but excluding) the follow-
ing Interest Payment Date. 
 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet jeweils 
den Zeitraum vom Verzinsungs-
beginn (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag 
(aus-
schließlich) bzw. von jedem Zins-
zahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließ-
lich). 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
means in respect of any Interest 
 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Period the [number] U.S. Gov-
ernment Securities Business Day 
prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for the relevant Interest Pe-
riod (or the date falling [number] 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Days prior to such ear-
lier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable). 
For that purpose, U.S. Govern-
ment Securities Business Day 
or USBD means any day, except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Associa-
tion recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its mem-
bers be closed for the entire day 
for purposes of trading in U.S. 
government securities. 
den [Anzahl] US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag vor dem Zinszah-
lungstag für die jeweilige Zinspe-
riode (oder, falls die Schuldver-
schreibungen bereits früher fällig 
werden, 
[Anzahl] 
US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 
vor diesem früheren Tag). Dabei 
bezeichnet 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag oder USGT jeden 
Tag, ausgenommen Samstag, 
Sonntag oder einen Tag, für den 
die Securities Industry and Finan-
cial Markets Association die 
ganztägliche Schließung der Ab-
teilungen 
für 
festverzinsliche 
Wertpapiere ihrer Mitglieder im 
Hinblick auf den Handel mit US-
Staatspapieren empfiehlt. 
[In case of a Margin, the follow-
ing applies: Margin means [in-
sert relevant Margin]% per an-
num.] 
 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgen-
des anwendbar: Die Marge be-
trägt 
[entsprechende 
Marge 
einfügen]% per annum.] 
Website means the website of 
the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any successor web-
site officially designated by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor adminis-
trator, as the case may be, on 
which the SOFR (as defined be-
low) is published. 
 
Internetseite bezeichnet die In-
ternetseite der Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York oder eine von 
der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York bzw. einem Nachfolge-
Administrator offiziell benannten 
Nachfolge-Internetseite auf der 
der SOFR (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) veröffentlicht wird. 
[In the case of the reference 
rate Compounded Daily SOFR, 
the following is applicable: 
 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Com-
pounded Daily SOFR ist, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: 
Compounded 
Daily 
SOFR 
means in respect of any Interest 
Period the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment 
(with the daily US Dollar Over-
night Financing Rate as refer-
ence rate for the calculation of in-
terest) and will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the rel-
evant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, pursuant to the following 
formula, rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 
 
Compounded Daily SOFR be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zins-
periode den nach der Zinseszins-
formel zu berechnenden Rendite-
satz einer Anlage (mit der US-
Dollar Overnight Financing Rate 
als Referenzsatz für die Zinsbe-
rechnung) und wird von der Be-
rechnungsstelle am jeweiligen 
Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der 
folgenden Formel berechnet, falls 
erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet 
auf die fünfte Dezimalstelle, wo-
bei 0,000005 aufgerundet wird:

--- Page 173 ---
173 
0.000005 being rounded up-
wards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐺𝑇𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
Where: 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d means the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Determina-
tion Period; 
 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Ka-
lendertage in der jeweiligen Fest-
stellungsperiode;  
d0 means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Determina-
tion Period; 
 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage in 
der jeweiligen Feststellungsperi-
ode; 
Determination Period means 
[in the case of Shift method the 
following applies: Observation 
Period] [in the case of Lag 
method the following applies: 
Interest Period]; 
 
Feststellungsperiode bezeich-
net [im Fall der Shift Methode 
ist Folgendes anwendbar: Be-
obachtungszeitraum] [im Fall 
der Lag Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zinsperiode]; 
i means a series of whole num-
bers from one to "d0", each repre-
senting the relevant U.S. Govern-
ment Securities Business Day 
Business Day in chronological or-
der from, and including, the first 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day in the relevant De-
termination Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von gan-
zen Zahlen von eins bis "d0", die 
in chronologischer Folge jeweils 
einen 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Ge-
schäftstag vom, und einschließ-
lich 
des, 
ersten 
US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstages 
der jeweiligen Feststellungsperi-
ode wiedergeben; 
ni for any U.S. Government Se-
curities Business Day "i" means 
the number of calendar days from 
and including such day "i" up to 
but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day; 
 
ni an jedem US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag "i" bezeichnet die 
Anzahl der Kalendertage von 
dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem 
folgenden 
US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich); 
p means [number of U.S. Gov-
ernment Securities Business 
Days]11; and 
 
p 
bezeichnet 
[Anzahl 
US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäfts-
tage]12; und 
SOFRi-pUSBD means in respect of 
any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" falling in the 
 
SOFRi-pUSGT bezeichnet für jeden 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag 
"i" 
in 
der 
jeweiligen 
 
11  
Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to 
a shorter period. 
12  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat 
einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
relevant Determination Period 
the SOFR Reference Rate for [in 
the case of Lag method the fol-
lowing applies: the U.S. Gov-
ernment Securities Business Day 
falling "p" U.S. Government Se-
curities Business Days prior to 
the relevant U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i"] [in 
the case of Shift method the 
following applies: that U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day "i"]; 
Feststellungsperiode den SOFR 
Referenzsatz [im Fall der Lag 
Methode ist Folgendes an-
wendbar: 
an 
dem 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag, der 
"p" 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Ge-
schäftstage vor dem jeweiligen 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag 
"i" liegt] [im Fall der Shift Me-
thode ist Folgendes anwend-
bar: am US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstag "i"]; 
SOFR Reference Rate means in 
respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day 
(USBDx) a reference rate equal 
to the daily Secured Overnight Fi-
nancing Rate (SOFR) for such 
USBDx as published by the ad-
ministrator, 
Federal 
Reserve 
Bank of New York, of SOFR until 
at or around 8:00 a.m. (New York 
City time) on the Website on the 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day immediately fol-
lowing such USBDx; and 
 
SOFR Referenzsatz bezeichnet 
für jeden US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstag (USGTx) einen Refe-
renzsatz, der dem täglichen Satz 
der Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (SOFR) für den USGTx ent-
spricht, wie er auf der Internet-
seite bis ca. 8:00 Uhr (New York 
Zeit) an dem US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag, der unmittelbar auf 
den USGTx folgt, veröffentlicht 
wird und 
[In the case of Shift method the 
following applies: Observation 
Period means in respect of any 
Interest Period the period from 
and including the date falling "p" 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period 
and ending on, but excluding, the 
date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to 
the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" U.S. Government Se-
curities Business Days prior to 
such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and paya-
ble).]] 
 
[Im Fall der Shift Methode ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Be-
obachtungszeitraum 
bezeich-
net in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode 
den Zeitraum von dem Tag (ein-
schließlich), welcher "p" US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 
vor dem ersten Tag der jeweili-
gen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem 
Tag (ausschließlich), welcher "p" 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäfts-
tage vor dem Zinszahlungstag ei-
ner solchen Zinsperiode liegt 
(oder den Tag, der "p" US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 
vor einem solchen früheren Tag 
liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem 
die Schuldverschreibungen fällig 
und zahlbar werden).]] 
[In the case of the Reference 
Rate Compounded SOFR In-
dex, the following applies: 
 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Com-
pounded SOFR Index, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: 
Compounded 
SOFR 
Index 
means in respect of any Interest 
 
Compounded SOFR Index be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf eine

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Period the rate of return of a daily 
compound interest investment 
(with the daily US Dollar over-
night Financing Rate as refer-
ence rate for the calculation of in-
terest) and will be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent on the rel-
evant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date, pursuant to the following 
formula, rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded up-
wards: 
Zinsperiode den nach der Zinses-
zinsformel 
zu 
berechnenden 
Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der 
täglichen US-Dollar Overnight Fi-
nancing Rate als Referenzsatz 
für die Zinsberechnung) und wird 
von der Berechnungsstelle am je-
weiligen Zinsfestlegungstag ge-
mäß der folgenden Formel be-
rechnet, falls erforderlich auf- 
oder abgerundet auf die fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 360
𝑑 
 
(𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑𝑒
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 360
𝑑 
Where: 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d means the number of calendar 
days from, and including, SOFR 
IndexStart to, but excluding, SOFR 
IndexEnd; 
 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Ka-
lendertage von SOFR IndexStart 
(einschließlich) bis SOFR Inde-
xEnde (ausschließlich); 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the 
day which is [five] [●] U.S. Gov-
ernment 
Securities 
Business 
Days13 preceding the Interest 
Payment Date relating to the rel-
evant Interest Period (or if the 
Notes are redeemed early, the 
date falling [five] [●] U.S. Govern-
ment Securities Business14 prior 
to the date fixed for redemption) 
(the Index Determination Da-
teEnd); 
 
SOFR IndexEnde bezeichnet den 
SOFR Compounded Indexwert 
an dem Tag, der [fünf] [●] US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage15 
vor dem Zinszahlungstag für die 
relevante Zinsperiode liegt (oder, 
im Falle einer vorzeitigen Rück-
zahlung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen, den Tag, der [fünf] [●] US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage16 
vor dem festgelegten Rückzah-
lungstag liegt) (der Index-Fest-
stellungstagEnde); 
SOFR 
IndexStart 
means 
the 
SOFR Compounded Index Value 
on the day which is [five] [●] U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
 
SOFR IndexStart bezeichnet den 
SOFR Compounded Indexwert 
an dem Tag, der [fünf] [●] US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage18 
vor dem ersten Tag der relevan-
ten Zinsperiode liegt (der Index-
 
13  
Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to 
a shorter period. 
14  
Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to 
a shorter period. 
15  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat 
einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt. 
16  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat 
einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt. 
18  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat 
einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Days17 preceding the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period (an 
Index Determination DateStart 
and, together with the Index De-
termination DateEnd, each an In-
dex Determination Date); and 
FeststellungstagStart, und zu-
sammen mit dem Index-Feststel-
lungstagEnde, jeweils ein Index-
Feststellungstag); und 
SOFR 
Compounded 
Index 
Value means in respect of an In-
dex Determination Date the value 
published 
as 
SOFR 
Com-
pounded Index Value by the ad-
ministrator of the SOFR Refer-
ence Rate or by another infor-
mation vendor from time to time 
at [3:00 p.m.] [●] (New York City 
time) on such Index Determina-
tion Date. 
 
SOFR Compounded Indexwert 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf einen In-
dex-Feststellungstag den Wert, 
der als SOFR Compounded In-
dexwert vom Administrator des 
SOFR Referenzsatzes oder von 
einem anderen Finanzinformati-
onsserver jeweils um [15:00 Uhr] 
[●] (New Yorker Zeit) an einem 
solchen 
Index-Feststellungstag 
veröffentlicht wird. 
If, in respect of any Index Deter-
mination Date, the Calculation 
Agent determines that the SOFR 
Compounded Index Value is not 
available or has not otherwise 
been published or displayed by 
the administrator of the SOFR 
Reference Rate or by another in-
formation vendor, as the case 
may be, the Compounded SOFR 
Index for such Interest Period will 
be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to 
the following formula, rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal 
place, 
with 
0.000005 
being 
rounded upwards: 
 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle in 
Bezug auf einen Index-Feststel-
lungstag 
feststellt, 
dass 
der 
SOFR Compounded Indexwert 
nicht verfügbar ist oder nicht auf 
andere Art und Weise vom Admi-
nistrator des SOFR Referenzsat-
zes bzw. von einem anderen Fi-
nanzinformationsserver 
veröf-
fentlicht oder anzeigt wird, wird 
der Compounded SOFR Index für 
eine solche Zinsperiode von der 
Berechnungsstelle am Zinsfestle-
gungstag nach der folgenden 
Formel berechnet, falls erforder-
lich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, 
wobei 
0,000005 aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐺𝑇𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
Where: 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d means the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Ka-
lendertage im jeweiligen Be-
obachtungszeitraum; 
d0 means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage im 
 
17  
Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to 
a shorter period.

--- Page 177 ---
177 
Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeit-
raum; 
i means a series of whole num-
bers from one to "d0", each repre-
senting the relevant U.S. Govern-
ment Securities Business Day in 
chronological order from, and in-
cluding, the first U.S. Govern-
ment Securities Business Day in 
the relevant Observation Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von gan-
zen Zahlen von eins bis "d0", die 
in chronologischer Folge jeweils 
einen 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Ge-
schäftstag vom, und einschließ-
lich 
des, 
ersten 
US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstages 
des jeweiligen Beobachtungs-
zeitraums wiedergeben; 
ni for any U.S. Government Se-
curities Business Day "i" means 
the number of calendar days from 
and including such day "i" up to 
but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day; 
 
ni bezeichnet an jedem US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i" 
die Anzahl der Kalendertage von 
dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem 
folgenden 
US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich);  
p means [number of U.S. Gov-
ernment Securities Business 
Days]19;  
 
p 
bezeichnet 
[Anzahl 
US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäfts-
tag]20;  
SOFRi-pUSBD means in respect of 
any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" falling in the rel-
evant Observation Period the 
SOFR Reference Rate for that 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day "i"; 
 
SOFRi-pUSGT bezeichnet für jeden 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag 
"i" im jeweiligen Beobachtungs-
zeitraum den SOFR Referenz-
satz am US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstag "i"; 
SOFR Reference Rate means in 
respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities 
Business 
Day 
(USBDx) a reference rate equal 
to the daily Secured Overnight Fi-
nancing Rate (SOFR) for such 
USBDx as published by the ad-
ministrator of SOFR until 8:00 
a.m. (Central European Time) on 
the Website on the U.S. Govern-
ment Securities Business Day 
immediately 
following 
such 
USBDx; and 
 
SOFR Referenzsatz bezeichnet 
für jeden US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstag (USGTx), einen Refe-
renzsatz, der dem täglichen Satz 
der Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate (SOFR) für den USGTx ent-
spricht, wie er auf der Internet-
seite jeweils bis 8:00 Uhr (mittel-
europäische Zeit) an dem US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag, der 
unmittelbar auf den USGTx folgt, 
veröffentlicht wird; und 
Observation Period means in 
respect of any Interest Period the 
period from and including the 
 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
be-
zeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zins-
periode den Zeitraum von dem 
 
19  
Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to 
a shorter period. 
20  
Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat 
einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to 
the first day of the relevant Inter-
est Period and ending on, but ex-
cluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the Interest Pay-
ment Date for such Interest Pe-
riod (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable).] 
Tag (einschließlich), welcher "p" 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäfts-
tage vor dem ersten Tag der je-
weiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu 
dem Tag (ausschließlich), wel-
cher "p" US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstage vor dem Zinszah-
lungstag einer solchen Zinsperi-
ode liegt (oder den Tag, der "p" 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäfts-
tage vor einem solchen früheren 
Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an 
dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
fällig und zahlbar werden).] 
(b) 
If the SOFR Reference Rate is 
not made available on a U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day as described in subpara-
graph (a) above and unless both 
a SOFR Index Cessation Event 
and a SOFR Index Cessation Ef-
fective Date have occurred, the 
SOFR Reference Rate for such 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day shall be equal to 
the SOFR in respect of the last 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day for which such rate 
was published on the Website. 
 
(b) 
Wird der SOFR Referenzsatz an 
einem US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstag nicht wie vorstehend 
in Absatz (a) beschrieben zur 
Verfügung gestellt, so ist der 
SOFR-Referenzzinssatz für die-
sen 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Ge-
schäftstag gleich dem SOFR für 
den letzten US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag, für den dieser 
Zinssatz auf der Internetseite ver-
öffentlicht wurde, sofern nicht so-
wohl 
ein 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten 
sind. 
(c) 
If the SOFR Reference Rate is 
not made available on a U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day as described in subpara-
graph (a) above and both a 
SOFR Index Cessation Event 
and a SOFR Index Cessation Ef-
fective Date have occurred, the 
Rate of Interest shall be deter-
mined by reference to the rate (in-
cluding any interest rate spreads 
or interest rate adjustments) rec-
ommended as a substitute for the 
SOFR by the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Re-
serve Bank of New York or by a 
committee officially established 
or convened by the Federal Re-
serve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York for 
the purpose of recommending a 
substitute for the SOFR (as such 
 
(c) 
Wird der SOFR Referenzsatz an 
einem US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstag nicht wie vorstehend 
in Absatz (a) beschrieben zur 
Verfügung gestellt und sind so-
wohl 
ein 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten, 
so wird der Zinssatz durch Be-
zugnahme auf den Zinssatz (ein-
schließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen 
oder 
Zinsanpassungen) 
be-
stimmt, der vom Federal Reserve 
Board und/oder von der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York oder 
von einem Ausschuss, der vom 
Federal Reserve Board und/oder 
von der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York zum Zwecke der Emp-
fehlung eines Ersatzes für den 
SOFR offiziell eingesetzt oder

--- Page 179 ---
179 
substitute for the SOFR may be 
determined by the Federal Re-
serve Bank of New York or any 
other 
administrator 
appointed 
therefor). 
einberufen wurde, als Ersatz für 
den SOFR empfohlen wurde (wo-
bei dieser Ersatz für den SOFR 
von der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York oder einem anderen 
damit beauftragten Administrator 
bestimmt werden kann). 
(d) 
If no such rate has been recom-
mended as described in subpar-
agraph (c) above within one U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day of the SOFR Index Cessa-
tion Event, then the Rate of Inter-
est will be determined by apply-
ing the above provisions mutatis 
mutandis as if for each U.S. Gov-
ernment Securities Business Day 
occurring on or after the SOFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date: 
 
(d) 
Falls ein solcher Zinssatz nicht 
wie in vorstehendem Absatz (c) 
beschrieben innerhalb eines US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstages 
nach 
dem 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis 
empfohlen 
wurde, wird der Zinssatz analog 
den vorstehenden Bestimmun-
gen bestimmt, mit der Maßgabe, 
dass 
für 
jeden 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag an 
oder nach dem SOFR-Index- Ein-
stellungsstichtag: 
(i) 
references 
to 
"SOFR" 
were references to the 
daily 
Overnight 
Bank 
Funding Rate (OBFR) as 
provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New 
York, as the administrator 
of such rate (or any suc-
cessor 
administrator 
of 
such rate), on its website 
until 5:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on each day 
(other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which com-
mercial banks are open for 
general business (includ-
ing dealings in foreign ex-
change and foreign cur-
rency deposits) in New 
York City (New York City 
Business Day) in respect 
of the New York City Busi-
ness Day immediately pre-
ceding such day (OBFR 
Reference Rate); 
 
(i) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
den 
"SOFR" als Bezugnahmen 
auf die tägliche Overnight 
Bank 
Funding 
Rate 
(OBFR) gelten, die von der 
Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York als Administra-
tor dieses Zinssatzes (oder 
von einem Nachfolgeadmi-
nistrator dieses Zinssat-
zes) auf seiner Internet-
seite jeweils bis 17:00 Uhr 
Ortszeit in New York City 
an jedem Tag (außer ei-
nem Samstag oder Sonn-
tag), an dem die Ge-
schäftsbanken 
in 
New 
York City für den allgemei-
nen 
Geschäftsverkehr 
(einschließlich 
für 
den 
Handel mit Devisen und 
Einlagen in Fremdwäh-
rung) geöffnet sind (New 
Yorker Geschäftstag), in 
Bezug auf den diesem Tag 
unmittelbar 
vorangehen-
den 
New 
Yorker 
Ge-
schäftstag zur Verfügung 
gestellt 
wird 
(OBFR-
Referenzzinssatz); 
(ii) 
references to "U.S. Gov-
ernment 
Securities 
 
(ii) 
Bezugnahmen auf einen 
"US-Staatsanleihen

--- Page 180 ---
180 
Business Day" were refer-
ences to "New York City 
Business Day"; 
Geschäftstag" als Bezug-
nahmen auf einen "New 
Yorker Geschäftstag" gel-
ten; 
(iii) 
references to "SOFR Index 
Cessation Event" were ref-
erences to "OBFR Index 
Cessation Event"; and 
 
(iii) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
ein 
"SOFR-Index- 
Einstel-
lungsereignis" als Bezug-
nahmen auf ein "OBFR-
Index-Einstellungsereig-
nis" gelten; und 
(iv) 
references to "SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date" 
were references to "OBFR 
Index Cessation Effective 
Date". 
 
(iv) 
Bezugnahmen auf einen 
"SOFR-Index- 
Einstel-
lungsstichtag" als Bezug-
nahmen auf einen "OBFR-
Index-Einstellungsstich-
tag" gelten. 
(v) 
references to the "Web-
site" were references to 
the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York 
or any successor website 
officially designated by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York or any succes-
sor administrator, as the 
case may be, on which the 
OBFR is published 
 
(v) 
Bezugnahmen auf die "In-
ternetseite" als Bezugnah-
men auf die Internetseite 
der Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York oder eine von 
der Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York bzw. einem 
Nachfolge-Administrator 
offiziell benannten Nach-
folge-Internetseite auf der 
der OBFR veröffentlicht 
wird, gelten. 
(e) 
If no such rate has been recom-
mended as described in subpar-
agraph (c) above within one U.S. 
Government Securities Business 
Day of the SOFR Index Cessa-
tion Event and an OBFR Index 
Cessation Event has occurred, 
then the Rate of Interest will be 
determined 
by 
applying 
the 
above provisions mutatis mutan-
dis as if, for each U.S. Govern-
ment Securities Business Day 
occurring on or after the later of 
the SOFR Index Cessation Effec-
tive Date and the OBFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date: 
 
(e) 
Falls ein solcher Zinssatz nicht 
wie in obigem Absatz (c) be-
schrieben innerhalb eines US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstages 
nach dem SOFR- Index-Einstel-
lungsereignis empfohlen wurde 
und 
ein 
OBFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis eingetreten 
ist, wird der Zinssatz analog den 
vorstehenden Bestimmungen be-
stimmt, mit der Maßgabe, dass 
für jeden US-Staatsanleihen Ge-
schäftstag an oder nach dem 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag oder dem 
OBFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag 
(je 
nach-
dem, welches der spätere Termin 
ist): 
(i) 
references to the "SOFR 
Reference Rate" were ref-
erences to the short-term 
 
(i) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
den 
"SOFR Referenzsatz" als 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
das

--- Page 181 ---
181 
interest rate target set by 
the Federal Open Market 
Committee and published 
on the website of the 
Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System 
or any successor website 
of the Board of Governors 
of the Federal Reserve 
System or, if the Federal 
Open Market Committee 
does not target a single 
rate, the mid-point of the 
short-term interest rate tar-
get range set by the Fed-
eral Open Market Commit-
tee and published on the 
website of the Board of 
Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System or any 
successor website of the 
Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System 
(calculated as the arithme-
tic average of the upper 
bound of the target range 
and the lower bound of the 
target range, rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 
second 
decimal 
place, 
0.005 being rounded up-
wards); 
durch das Federal Open 
Market Committee festge-
setzte und auf der Internet-
seite des Board of Govern-
ors of the Federal Reserve 
System oder einer Nach-
folge-Internetseite 
des 
Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System 
veröffentlichte kurzfristige 
Zinssatzziel (short-term in-
terest rate target) oder, 
falls das Federal Open 
Market Committee nicht ei-
nen einzelnen Zinssatz als 
Ziel setzt, das Mittel der 
vom Federal Open Market 
Committee festgesetzten 
und auf der Internetseite 
des Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve Sys-
tem oder einer Nachfolge-
Internetseite des Board of 
Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System veröffent-
lichten 
Bandbreite 
des 
kurzfristigen Zinssatzziels 
(berechnet als arithmeti-
sches Mittel zwischen der 
oberen Grenze der Ziel-
Bandbreite und der unte-
ren Grenze der Ziel-Band-
breite, welches, falls erfor-
derlich, auf die zweite De-
zimalstelle mit der Maß-
gabe gerundet wird, dass 
0,005 aufgerundet wird) 
gelten; 
(ii) 
references to "U.S. Gov-
ernment Securities Busi-
ness Day" were references 
to the website of the Board 
of Governors of the Fed-
eral Reserve System or 
any successor website of 
the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve Sys-
tem; and 
 
(ii) 
Bezugnahmen auf einen 
"US-Staatsanleihen 
Ge-
schäftstag" als Bezugnah-
men auf einen "New Yor-
ker Geschäftstag" gelten; 
und 
(iii) 
references to the "Web-
site" were references to 
the website of the Board of 
Governors of the Federal 
Reserve System or any 
 
(iii) 
Bezugnahmen auf die "In-
ternetseite" als Bezugnah-
men auf die Internetseite 
des Board of Governors of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve

--- Page 182 ---
182 
successor 
website 
offi-
cially designated by the 
Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System 
or any successor adminis-
trator, as the case may be, 
on which the short-term in-
terest rate target is pub-
lished. 
System oder eine von dem 
Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System 
bzw. einem Nachfolge-Ad-
ministrator offiziell benann-
ten 
Nachfolge-Internet-
seite auf der das kurzfris-
tige Zinssatzziel veröffent-
licht wird, gelten. 
(f) 
In the event that the Rate of Inter-
est cannot be determined in ac-
cordance with the foregoing pro-
visions by the Calculation Agent, 
the Rate of Interest shall be (i) 
that determined as at the last pre-
ceding Interest Determination 
Date or (ii) if there is no such pre-
ceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applica-
ble to such Notes for the first In-
terest Period had the Notes been 
in issue for a period equal in du-
ration to the scheduled first Inter-
est Period but ending on (and ex-
cluding) the Interest Commence-
ment Date. 
 
(f) 
Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz 
nicht gemäß den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen von der Berech-
nungsstelle 
bestimmt 
werden 
kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derje-
nige des letzten vorangegange-
nen Zinsfestlegungstages sein 
oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestle-
gungstag gibt, der Ausgangszins-
satz sein, der für solche Schuld-
verschreibungen für die erste 
Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen 
wäre, wären die Schuldverschrei-
bungen für einen Zeitraum von 
gleicher Dauer wie die erste Zins-
periode bis zum Verzinsungsbe-
ginn (ausschließlich) begeben 
worden.  
(g) 
For purposes of subparagraphs 
(b) through (f) above, the follow-
ing definitions shall apply: 
 
(g) 
Für die Zwecke der vorstehenden 
Absätzen (b) bis (f) gelten die fol-
genden Definitionen: 
SOFR Index Cessation Event 
means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events: 
 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis 
bezeich-
net den Eintritt eines oder mehre-
rer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) 
a public statement by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any succes-
sor administrator of SOFR) 
announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to 
provide 
SOFR 
perma-
nently or indefinitely, pro-
vided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publi-
cation, there is no succes-
sor administrator that will 
continue to provide SOFR; 
or 
 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
der Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators 
des SOFR), in der sie an-
kündigt, 
dass 
sie 
den 
SOFR dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
nicht 
mehr bestimmt oder be-
stimmen wird, vorausge-
setzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt 
der Erklärung oder Veröf-
fentlichung kein Nachfol-
geadministrator 
existiert,

--- Page 183 ---
183 
der weiterhin einen SOFR 
zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(ii) 
the publication of infor-
mation which reasonably 
confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York 
(or any successor adminis-
trator 
of 
SOFR) 
has 
ceased or will cease to 
provide 
SOFR 
perma-
nently or indefinitely, pro-
vided that, at that time, 
there is no successor ad-
ministrator that will con-
tinue to provide SOFR; or 
 
(ii) 
die Veröffentlichung von 
Informationen, durch wel-
che hinreichend bestätigt 
wird, dass die Federal Re-
serve Bank of New York 
(oder ein Nachfolgeadmi-
nistrator des SOFR) den 
SOFR dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
nicht 
mehr bestimmt oder be-
stimmen wird, vorausge-
setzt, dass zu dieser Zeit 
kein Nachfolgeadministra-
tor existiert, der weiterhin 
einen SOFR zur Verfü-
gung stellt; oder 
(iii) 
a public statement by a 
U.S. regulator or other 
U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting 
the 
use 
of 
SOFR that applies to, but 
need not be limited to, all 
swap transactions, includ-
ing existing swap transac-
tions. 
 
(iii) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
einer US- Regulierungsbe-
hörde oder einer anderen 
öffentlichen Stelle der Ver-
einigten Staaten, welche 
die Anwendung des SOFR 
verbietet und die zumin-
dest auf sämtliche Swap-
geschäfte 
(einschließlich 
bestehender 
Swapge-
schäfte) Anwendung fin-
det. 
SOFR Index Cessation Effec-
tive Date means in respect of a 
SOFR Index Cessation Event the 
date on which the Federal Re-
serve Bank of New York (or any 
successor 
administrator 
of 
SOFR), ceases to publish SOFR, 
or the date as of which SOFR 
may no longer be used. 
 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag 
bezeich-
net in Bezug auf ein SOFR-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeit-
punkt, ab dem die Federal Re-
serve Bank of New York (oder ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
des 
SOFR) den SOFR nicht mehr 
veröffentlicht, oder den Zeitpunkt, 
ab dem der SOFR nicht mehr ver-
wendet werden darf. 
OBFR Index Cessation Event 
means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events: 
 
OBFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis 
bezeich-
net den Eintritt eines oder mehre-
rer der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) 
a public statement by the 
Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or any succes-
sor administrator of OBFR) 
announcing that it has 
 
(i) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
der Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators 
des OBFR), in der sie

--- Page 184 ---
184 
ceased or will cease to 
provide 
OBFR 
perma-
nently or indefinitely, pro-
vided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publi-
cation, there is no succes-
sor administrator that will 
continue to provide OBFR; 
or 
ankündigt, dass sie den 
OBFR dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
nicht 
mehr bestimmt oder be-
stimmen wird, vorausge-
setzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt 
der Erklärung oder Veröf-
fentlichung kein Nachfol-
geadministrator 
existiert, 
der weiterhin einen OBFR 
zur Verfügung stellt; oder 
(ii) 
the publication of infor-
mation which reasonably 
confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York 
(or any successor adminis-
trator 
of 
OBFR) 
has 
ceased or will cease to 
provide 
OBFR 
perma-
nently or indefinitely, pro-
vided that, at that time, 
there is no successor ad-
ministrator that will con-
tinue to provide OBFR; or 
 
(ii) 
die Veröffentlichung von 
Informationen, durch wel-
che hinreichend bestätigt 
wird, dass die Federal Re-
serve Bank of New York 
(oder ein Nachfolgeadmi-
nistrator des OBFR) den 
OBFR dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte 
Zeit 
nicht 
mehr bestimmt oder be-
stimmen wird, vorausge-
setzt, dass zu dieser Zeit 
kein Nachfolgeadministra-
tor existiert, der weiterhin 
einen OBFR zur Verfü-
gung stellt; oder 
(iii) 
a public statement by a 
U.S. regulator or other 
U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting 
the 
use 
of 
OBFR that applies to, but 
need not be limited to, all 
swap transactions, includ-
ing existing swap transac-
tions. 
 
(iii) 
eine öffentliche Erklärung 
durch eine US- Regulie-
rungsbehörde oder eine 
andere öffentliche Stelle 
der Vereinigten Staaten, 
welche die Anwendung 
des OBFR verbietet und 
die zumindest auf sämtli-
che Swapgeschäfte (ein-
schließlich 
bestehender 
Swapgeschäfte) 
Anwen-
dung findet. 
OBFR Index Cessation Effec-
tive Date means in respect of a 
OBFR Index Cessation Event the 
date on which the Federal Re-
serve Bank of New York (or any 
successor 
administrator 
of 
OBFR), ceases to publish OBFR, 
or the date as of which OBFR 
may no longer be used.] 
 
OBFR-Index Einstellungsstich-
tag bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein 
OBFR-Index Einstellungsereignis 
den Zeitpunkt, ab dem die Fe-
deral Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator 
des OBFR) den OBFR nicht mehr 
veröffentlicht, oder den Zeitpunkt, 
ab dem der OBFR nicht mehr ver-
wendet werden darf.]

--- Page 185 ---
185 
[In case of a Minimum Rate of Inter-
est the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) 
Minimum Rate of Interest. 
 
(3) 
Mindestzinssatz. 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Interest Period determined in accord-
ance with the above provisions is less 
than [Minimum Rate of Interest], the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be [Minimum Rate of Interest].] 
 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestim-
mungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz niedriger ist als [Mindestzins-
satz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zins-
periode [Mindestzinssatz].] 
[In case of a Maximum Rate of Inter-
est the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall eines Höchstzinssatzes ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(3)  
Maximum Rate of Interest. 
 
(3)  
Höchstzinssatz. 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any 
Interest Period determined in accord-
ance with the above provisions is 
greater than [Maximum Rate of Inter-
est], the Rate of Interest for such Inter-
est Period shall be [Maximum Rate of 
Interest].] 
 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestim-
mungen für eine Zinsperiode ermittelte 
Zinssatz höher ist als [Höchstzins-
satz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese Zins-
periode [Höchstzinssatz].] 
(4) 
[Interest Amount.] 
 
(4) 
[Zinsbetrag.] 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as 
soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be deter-
mined, determine the Rate of Interest 
and calculate the amount of interest (the 
Interest Amount) payable on the Notes 
in respect of each Specified Denomina-
tion for the relevant Interest Period. 
Each Interest Amount shall be calcu-
lated by applying the Rate of Interest 
and the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below) to each Specified Denomination 
and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest unit of the Specified Currency, 
with 0.5 of such unit being rounded up-
wards. 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird zu oder 
baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an 
dem der Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den 
Zinssatz bestimmen und den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zins-
betrag in Bezug auf jede Festgelegte 
Stückelung (der Zinsbetrag) für die ent-
sprechende Zinsperiode berechnen. 
Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem der 
Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) auf jede Festge-
legte Stückelung angewendet werden, 
wobei der resultierende Betrag auf die 
kleinste Einheit der Festgelegten Wäh-
rung auf- oder abgerundet wird, wobei 
0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet wer-
den. 
(5) 
[Notification of Rate of Interest and In-
terest Amount.] 
 
(5) 
[Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbe-
trag.] 
The Calculation Agent will cause the 
Rate of Interest, each Interest Amount 
for each Interest Period, each Interest 
Period and the relevant Interest Pay-
ment Date to be notified as soon as pos-
sible after their determination to the Is-
suer and to the Holders in accordance 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlas-
sen, dass der Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag 
für die jeweilige Zinsperiode, die jewei-
lige Zinsperiode und der betreffende 
Zinszahlungstag baldmöglichst nach 
deren Bestimmung der Emittentin sowie 
den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 sowie jeder

--- Page 186 ---
186 
with § 12 and if required by the rules of 
any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed, to such 
stock exchange as soon as possible af-
ter their determination. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended 
(or appropriate alternative arrange-
ments made by way of adjustment) with-
out notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will be promptly noti-
fied to any stock exchange on which the 
Notes are then listed and to the Holders 
in accordance with § 12. 
Börse, an der die betreffenden Schuld-
verschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind und deren Regeln eine Mit-
teilung an die Börse verlangen, mitge-
teilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung 
oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode kön-
nen der mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zins-
zahlungstag 
ohne 
Vorankündigung 
nachträglich geändert (oder andere ge-
eignete Anpassungsregelungen getrof-
fen) werden. Jede solche Änderung 
wird umgehend allen Börsen, an denen 
die Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind, sowie den Gläu-
bigern gemäß § 12 mitgeteilt. 
(6) 
[Determinations Binding.] 
 
(6) 
[Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen.] 
All certificates, communications, opin-
ions, determinations, calculations, quo-
tations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of 
the provisions of this § 3 by the Calcula-
tion Agent shall (in the absence of man-
ifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Holders. 
 
Alle 
Bescheinigungen, 
Mitteilungen, 
Gutachten, Festsetzungen, Berechnun-
gen, Quotierungen und Entscheidun-
gen, die von der Berechnungsstelle für 
die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abge-
geben, getroffen oder eingeholt werden, 
sind (sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irr-
tum vorliegt) für die Emittentin, die 
Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstellen und die 
Gläubiger bindend. 
(7) 
[Accrual of Interest.] 
 
(7) 
[Auflaufende Zinsen.] 
The Notes shall cease to bear interest 
from the expiry of the day preceding the 
day on which they are due for redemp-
tion. If the Issuer for any reason fails to 
redeem the Notes when due, interest 
shall continue to accrue at the default 
rate of interest established by statutory 
law21 on the outstanding aggregate prin-
cipal amount of the Notes from (and in-
cluding) the due date to (but excluding) 
the day on which such redemption pay-
ment is made to the Holders. 
 
Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibun-
gen endet mit Ablauf des Tages, der 
dem Tag vorangeht, an dem sie zur 
Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die 
Emittentin die Schuldverschreibungen 
bei Fälligkeit aus irgendeinem Grund 
nicht zurückzahlt, wird der ausstehende 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen von dem Tag der Fällig-
keit (einschließlich) bis zum Tag der 
vollständigen Rückzahlung an die Gläu-
biger (ausschließlich) mit dem gesetz-
lich bestimmten Verzugszins22 verzinst. 
(8) 
[Day Count Fraction.] 
 
(8) 
[Zinstagequotient.] 
 
21  
The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest 
published by Deutsche Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil 
Code. 
22  
Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank 
von Zeit zu Zeit veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Abs. 1, 247 Abs. 1 BGB.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Day Count Fraction means with regard 
to the calculation of the amount of inter-
est on the Notes for any period of time 
(the Calculation Period): 
 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet im Hin-
blick auf die Berechnung von Zinsbeträ-
gen auf die Schuldverschreibungen für 
einen beliebigen Zeitraum (der Zinsbe-
rechnungszeitraum): 
[In case of Actual/365 or Actual/Ac-
tual (ISDA) the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 oder Ac-
tual/Actual, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
the actual number of days in the Calcu-
lation Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual num-
ber of days in that portion of the Calcu-
lation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365).] 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
dividiert 
durch 365 (oder, falls ein Teil dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes 
in 
ein 
Schaltjahr fällt, die Summe aus (A) der 
tatsächlichen Anzahl der in das Schalt-
jahr fallenden Tage des Zinsberech-
nungszeitraumes, dividiert durch 366, 
und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der nicht 
in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, 
dividiert 
durch 365).] 
[In the case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the 
following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed), ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
the actual number of days in the Calcu-
lation Period divided by 365.] 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 365.] 
[In the case of Actual/360 the follow-
ing applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/360, ist folgendes 
anwendbar:  
the actual number of days in the Calcu-
lation Period divided by 360.] 
 
die tatsächliche Anzahl von Tagen im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, 
dividiert 
durch 360.] 
§ 4 
(PAYMENTS) 
 
§ 4 
(ZAHLUNGEN) 
(1) 
Payment of Principal and Payment of In-
terest. 
 
(1) 
Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zahlung von 
Zinsen. 
(a) 
Payment of principal in respect of 
the Notes shall be made, subject 
to subparagraph (2) below, to the 
Clearing System or to its order for 
credit to the accounts of the rele-
vant account holders of the 
Clearing System. 
 
(a) 
Zahlungen von Kapital auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen erfolgen 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehen-
den Absatzes (2) an das Clea-
ringsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems. 
(b) 
Payment of Interest on the Notes 
shall be made, subject to subpar-
agraph (2) below, to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to 
 
(b) 
Die Zahlung von Zinsen auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach Maßgabe des nachstehen-
den 
Absatzes 
(2) 
an 
das

--- Page 188 ---
188 
the accounts of the relevant ac-
count holders of the Clearing 
System. 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Or-
der zur Gutschrift auf den Konten 
der jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des 
Clearingsystems. 
[In the case of interest payable on a 
Temporary Global Note, the follow-
ing applies: Payment of interest on 
Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2) below, to the Clearing 
System or to its order for credit to the 
accounts of the relevant account hold-
ers of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde ist folgen-
des anwendbar: Die Zahlung von Zin-
sen auf Schuldverschreibungen, die 
durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde ver-
brieft sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe des 
nachstehenden Absatzes (2) an das 
Clearingsystem oder dessen Order zur 
Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber 
des 
Clearingsystems, 
und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Be-
scheinigung gemäß § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) 
Manner of Payment. 
 
(2) 
Zahlungsweise. 
Subject to applicable fiscal and other 
laws and regulations, payments of 
amounts due in respect of the Notes 
shall be made in the Specified Cur-
rency. 
 
Vorbehaltlich geltender steuerlicher und 
sonstiger gesetzlicher Regelungen und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zah-
lungen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
in der Festgelegten Währung. 
(3) 
Discharge. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllung. 
The Issuer shall be discharged by pay-
ment to, or to the order of, the Clearing 
System. 
 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der 
Zahlung an das Clearingsystem oder 
dessen Order von ihrer Zahlungspflicht 
befreit. 
(4) 
Payment Business Day. 
 
(4) 
Zahltag. 
If the date for payment of any amount in 
respect of any Note is not a Payment 
Business Day then the Holder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next 
such day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other 
payment in respect of such delay. 
 
Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung 
auf einen Tag, der kein Zahltag ist, dann 
hat der Gläubiger keinen Anspruch auf 
Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag am 
jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger 
ist nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder 
sonstige Zahlungen aufgrund dieser 
Verspätung zu verlangen. 
For these purposes, Payment Busi-
ness Day means any day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which the 
Clearing System is operational 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet Zahltag 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem das Clearingsystem 
betriebsbereit ist, 
[In the case the Notes are not denom-
inated in Euro the following applies: 
and on which commercial banks and 
foreign 
exchange 
markets 
settle 
 
[Im Fall von nicht auf Euro lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, ist folgen-
des anwendbar: und an dem Ge-
schäftsbanken 
und 
Devisenmärkte

--- Page 189 ---
189 
payments in [relevant financial cen-
ter(s)][.]] 
Zahlungen in [relevante(s) Finanz-
zentrum(en)] abwickeln[.]] 
[In the case the Notes are denomi-
nated in Euro the following applies: 
as well as all relevant parts of T2 are op-
erational to forward the relevant pay-
ment. 
 
[Im Fall von auf Euro lautenden 
Schuldverschreibungen ist folgen-
des anwendbar: sowie alle betroffenen 
Bereiche des T2 betriebsbereit sind, um 
die betreffenden Zahlungen weiterzulei-
ten. 
T2 means the real time gross settlement 
system operated by the Eurosystem, or 
any successor system.] 
 
T2 bezeichnet das Echtzeit-Bruttoab-
wicklungssystem betrieben durch das 
Eurosystem, oder ein Nachfolgesys-
tem.] 
(5) 
References to Principal and Interest. 
 
(5) 
Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
References in these Terms and Condi-
tions to principal in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applica-
ble: [if the Notes are redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer for other than 
tax reasons or reasons of minimal 
outstanding principal amount, the 
following applies: the Call Redemp-
tion Amount of the Notes;] [If the Notes 
are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer upon the oc-
currence of a Transaction Trigger 
Event the following applies: the Event 
Redemption Amount of the Notes] [if 
the Notes are redeemable at the op-
tion of the Holder other than for rea-
son of a Change of Control the fol-
lowing applies: the Put Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] and any premium 
and any other amounts which may be 
payable under or in respect of the 
Notes. References in these Terms and 
Conditions to interest in respect of the 
Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any Additional Amounts 
which may be payable under § 7. 
 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbe-
dingungen auf Kapital der Schuldver-
schreibungen schließen, soweit an-
wendbar, die folgenden Beträge ein: 
[falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus 
anderen als steuerlichen Gründen 
oder aufgrund eines geringfügigen 
ausstehenden Nennbetrags vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbe-
trag (Call) der Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vor-
zeitig bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-
Ereignisses zurückzuzahlen, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: den Ereignis-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen;] [falls der Gläubiger ein 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen, außer bei Vorliegen eines 
Kontrollwechsels, vorzeitig zu kündi-
gen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden 
Aufschlag sowie sonstige auf oder in 
Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge. Bezugnahmen in 
diesen Emissionsbedingungen auf Zin-
sen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sol-
len, soweit anwendbar, sämtliche ge-
mäß § 7 zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Be-
träge einschließen. 
(6) 
Deposit of Principal and Interest. 
 
(6) 
Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. 
The Issuer may deposit with the local 
court (Amtsgericht) in Frankfurt/Main 
 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amts-
gericht Frankfurt am Main Zins- oder

--- Page 190 ---
190 
principal or interest not claimed by Hold-
ers within twelve months after the Ma-
turity Date, even though such Holders 
may not be in default of acceptance of 
payment. If and to the extent that the de-
posit is effected and the right of with-
drawal is waived, the respective claims 
of such Holders against the Issuer shall 
cease. 
Kapitalbeträge zu hinterlegen, die von 
den Gläubigern nicht innerhalb von 
zwölf Monaten nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn 
die Gläubiger sich nicht in Annahmever-
zug befinden. Soweit eine solche Hin-
terlegung erfolgt, und auf das Recht der 
Rücknahme verzichtet wird, erlöschen 
die diesbezüglichen Ansprüche der 
Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
§ 5 
(REDEMPTION) 
 
§ 5 
(RÜCKZAHLUNG) 
(1) 
Final Redemption. 
 
(1) 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or 
in part or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes shall be redeemed at their princi-
pal amount on the Interest Payment 
Date falling in [Redemption Month] 
(the Maturity Date). 
 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder 
teilweise zurückgezahlt oder angekauft 
und entwertet, werden die Schuldver-
schreibungen zu ihrem Nennbetrag am 
in den [Rückzahlungsmonat] fallen-
den Zinszahlungstag (der Fälligkeits-
tag) zurückgezahlt. 
(2) 
Early Redemption at the option of the Is-
suer for Reasons of Taxation. 
 
(2) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin aus steuerlichen Gründen. 
If as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws, treaties, regu-
lations or official position of any Rele-
vant Taxing Jurisdiction (as defined in § 
7 herein) or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereto or therein affect-
ing taxation or the obligation to pay du-
ties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation 
or application of such laws or regula-
tions (including the enactment of any 
legislation and the publication of any ju-
dicial decision or regulatory determina-
tion), which amendment or change is ef-
fective on or after the date on which the 
series of Notes was issued, the Issuer is 
required to pay Additional Amounts (as 
defined in § 7 herein) on the next suc-
ceeding Interest Payment Date (as de-
fined in § 3(1)), and this obligation can-
not be avoided by the use of reasonable 
measures available to the Issuer, the 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but 
not in part, at the option of the Issuer, 
upon not more than 60 days' nor less 
than 30 days' prior notice of redemption 
given to the Fiscal Agent and, in accord-
ance with § 12 to the Holders, at their 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können ins-
gesamt, jedoch nicht teilweise, nach 
Wahl der Emittentin mit einer Kündi-
gungsfrist von nicht mehr als 60 und 
nicht weniger als 30 Tagen durch Erklä-
rung gegenüber der Emissionsstelle 
und Benachrichtigung gemäß § 12 ge-
genüber den Gläubigern vorzeitig ge-
kündigt und zu ihrem Nennbetrag zu-
züglich etwaiger bis zum für die Rück-
zahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließ-
lich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückge-
zahlt werden, falls die Emittentin als 
Folge einer Änderung oder Ergänzung 
der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze, -ab-
kommen, -vorschriften und offiziellen 
Verlautbarungen 
einer 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion (wie in § 7 dieser Be-
dingungen definiert) oder deren politi-
schen Untergliederungen oder Steuer-
behörden oder als Folge einer Ände-
rung oder Ergänzung der Anwendung 
oder der offiziellen Auslegung dieser 
Gesetze und Vorschriften (einschließ-
lich des Erlasses von Gesetzen sowie 
Bekanntmachung 
gerichtlicher 
oder 
aufsichtsrechtlicher 
Entscheidungen) 
(vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung oder

--- Page 191 ---
191 
principal amount, together with interest 
(if any) accrued to the date fixed for re-
demption (excluding). 
Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, 
an dem die Serie von Schuldverschrei-
bungen begeben wird, wirksam) am 
nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie 
in § 3(1) definiert) zur Zahlung von Zu-
sätzlichen Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser 
Bedingungen definiert) verpflichtet sein 
wird und diese Verpflichtung nicht durch 
das Ergreifen zumutbarer, der Emitten-
tin zur Verfügung stehender Maßnah-
men vermieden werden kann. 
However, no such notice of redemption 
may be given (i) earlier than 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Is-
suer would be obligated to pay such Ad-
ditional Amounts were a payment in re-
spect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at 
the time such notice is given, such obli-
gation to pay such Additional Amounts 
does not remain in effect. The date fixed 
for redemption must be an Interest Pay-
ment Date. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings 
nicht (i) früher als 90 Tage vor dem frü-
hestmöglichen Termin erfolgen, an dem 
die Emittentin verpflichtet wäre, solche 
Zusätzlichen Beträge zu zahlen, falls 
eine Zahlung auf die Schuldverschrei-
bungen dann fällig sein würde, oder (ii) 
erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu 
dem die Kündigung erklärt wird, die Ver-
pflichtung zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. Der für 
die Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin 
muss ein Zinszahlungstag sein. 
Any such notice shall be given in ac-
cordance with § 12. It shall be irrevoca-
ble, must specify the date fixed for re-
demption and must set forth a statement 
in summary form of the facts constitut-
ing the basis for the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung ist gemäß § 12 
bekanntzumachen. Sie ist unwiderruf-
lich, muss den für die Rückzahlung fest-
gelegten Termin nennen und eine zu-
sammenfassende Erklärung enthalten, 
welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der 
Emittentin begründenden Umständen 
darlegt. 
Before the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this subpara-
graph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fis-
cal Agent a certificate signed by a mem-
ber of the Issuer's managing body stat-
ing that the Issuer is entitled to effect 
such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the con-
ditions precedent to the right of the Is-
suer so to redeem have occurred, and 
an opinion of independent legal counsel 
or tax advisers of recognized standing 
to the effect that the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay such Additional 
Amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
 
Vor Bekanntgabe einer Mitteilung über 
eine Rückzahlung gemäß diesen Best-
immungen hat die Emittentin der Emis-
sionsstelle eine von einem Mitglied des 
Geschäftsführungsorgans der Emitten-
tin unterzeichnete Bescheinigung zu-
kommen zu lassen, der zufolge die 
Emittentin berechtigt ist, eine entspre-
chende Rückzahlung zu leisten, und in 
der nachvollziehbar dargelegt ist, dass 
die Bedingungen für das Recht der 
Emittentin zur Rückzahlung gemäß die-
sen Bestimmungen erfüllt sind; zusätz-
lich hat die Emittentin ein von unabhän-
gigen und anerkannten Rechts- oder 
Steuerberatern 
erstelltes 
Gutachten 
vorzulegen, demzufolge die Emittentin 
in Folge einer entsprechenden Ände-
rung oder Ergänzung zur Zahlung

--- Page 192 ---
192 
Zusätzlicher Beträge verpflichtet ist 
oder sein wird. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemp-
tion at the Option of the Issuer for Reasons 
of Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount, 
the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach 
Wahl der Emittentin bei geringfügigem aus-
stehendem Nennbetrag vorzeitig kündbar 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer for Reasons of Minimal Out-
standing Principal Amount. 
 
(3) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei geringfügigem ausste-
hendem Nennbetrag. 
If 80% or more in principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding have been re-
deemed or purchased by the Issuer or 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer, the Issuer 
may, on not less than 30 or more than 
60 days' notice to the Holders redeem, 
at its option, the remaining Notes as a 
whole at their principal amount, together 
with interest (if any) accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption (excluding).] 
 
Wenn 80% oder mehr des Nennbetrags 
der dann ausstehenden Schuldver-
schreibungen durch die Emittentin oder 
eine Tochtergesellschaft der Emittentin 
zurückgezahlt 
oder 
zurückerworben 
wurde, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, 
nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Frist 
von mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 
Tagen gegenüber den Gläubigern zu 
kündigen und zum Nennbetrag zuzüg-
lich etwaiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemp-
tion at the Option of the Issuer upon the oc-
currence of a Benchmark Event, the follow-
ing applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach 
Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses vorzeitig kündbar 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
(4) 
Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer upon the occurrence of a Bench-
mark Event. 
 
(4) 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Benchmark-
Ereignisses. 
If a Benchmark Event has occurred and 
it is not possible, in the Issuer's opinion, 
to determine a Replacement Offered In-
terest Rate in accordance with sub- sub-
paragraph § 3(2)(b)(i) or an Alternative 
Offered Interest Rate in accordance 
with § 3(2)(b)(ii), the Issuer may, on not 
less than 30 or more than 60 days' no-
tice to the Holders, redeem, at its option, 
all of the Notes at their principal amount, 
together with interest (if any) accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption (exclud-
ing).] 
 
Falls ein Benchmark-Ereignis eingetre-
ten ist und es nach Auffassung der 
Emittentin nicht möglich ist, einen Er-
satz-Angebotssatz gemäß § 3(2)(b)(i) 
oder einen Alternativ-Angebotssatz ge-
mäß § 3(2)(b)(ii) zu bestimmen, ist die 
Emittentin berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl 
die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt 
mit einer Frist von mindestens 30 und 
höchstens 60 Tagen gegenüber den 
Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum Nenn-
betrag, nebst etwaiger bis zum Rück-
zahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelau-
fener Zinsen zurückzahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemp-
tion at the Option of the Issuer upon the oc-
currence of a €STR Index Cessation Event 
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach 
Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines €STR-
Index-Einstellungsereignisses und €STR-

--- Page 193 ---
193 
and €STR Index Cessation Effective Date, 
the following applies:  
Index-Einstellungsstichtag vorzeitig künd-
bar sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer upon the occurrence of a €STR 
Index Cessation Event and €STR Index 
Cessation Effective Date. 
 
[(4)]  Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines €STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
€STR-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag. 
If a €STR Index Cessation Event and a 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred and the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined in accordance with 
§ 3(2)(d), the Issuer may, on not less 
than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to 
the Holders, redeem, at its option, all of 
the Notes at their principal amount, to-
gether with interest (if any) accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption (exclud-
ing).] 
 
Falls 
ein 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis und ein €STR-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten 
sind und der Zinssatz gemäß § 3(2)(d) 
bestimmt werden soll, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl die Schuld-
verschreibungen insgesamt mit einer 
Frist von mindestens 30 und höchstens 
60 Tagen gegenüber den Gläubigern zu 
kündigen und zum Nennbetrag nebst et-
waiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag (aus-
schließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zu-
rückzuzahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemp-
tion at the Option of the Issuer upon the oc-
currence of a SOFR Index Cessation Event 
and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date, 
the following applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach 
Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt eines 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignisses und 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag vorzeitig 
kündbar sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date. 
 
[(4)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines SOFR-
Index-Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag. 
If a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred and the Rate of Interest 
shall be determined in accordance with 
§ 3(2)(f), the Issuer may, on not less 
than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to 
the Holders, redeem, at its option, all of 
the Notes at their principal amount, to-
gether with interest (if any) accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption (exclud-
ing).] 
 
Falls 
ein 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis und ein SOFR-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten 
sind und der Zinssatz gemäß § 3(2)(f) 
bestimmt werden soll, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl die Schuld-
verschreibungen insgesamt mit einer 
Frist von mindestens 30 und höchstens 
60 Tagen gegenüber den Gläubigern zu 
kündigen und zum Nennbetrag nebst et-
waiger bis zum Rückzahlungstag (aus-
schließlich) aufgelaufener Zinsen zu-
rückzuzahlen.] 
[If the Holders may request the repurchase 
of the Notes upon a Change of Control, the 
following applies:  
 
[Falls die Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines 
Kontrollwechsels den Ankauf der Schuld-
verschreibungen verlangen können, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar:

--- Page 194 ---
194 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Holders upon a Change of Control. 
 
[(5)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontroll-
wechsels. 
Each Holder of the Notes, upon the oc-
currence of a Change of Control Trig-
gering Event, will have the right (unless, 
prior to the giving of the Put Event No-
tice referred to below, the Issuer gives 
notice to redeem the Notes in accord-
ance with§ 5(2), i.e. for taxation rea-
sons) to require that the Issuer repur-
chases such Holder's Notes on the Op-
tional Redemption Date at a purchase 
price in cash equal to 101% of the prin-
cipal amount together with interest (if 
any) accrued to the Optional Redemp-
tion Date (excluding). 
 
Falls ein Kontrollwechselereignis statt-
findet, hat jeder Gläubiger das Recht 
(soweit die Emittentin nicht bereits vor 
Abgabe der Vorzeitigen Rückkaufs-
grunderklärung (wie nachstehend defi-
niert) die Rückzahlung gemäß § 5(2), 
d.h. aus steuerlichen Gründen, erklärt 
hat) von der Emittentin am Stichtag den 
Rückkauf seiner Schuldverschreibun-
gen zu einem Kaufpreis von 101% des 
Nennbetrags zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zum Stichtag (ausschließlich) aufgelau-
fener Zinsen zu verlangen. 
In this context the following provisions 
apply: 
 
In diesem Zusammenhang finden die 
folgenden Vorschriften Anwendung: 
Change of Control Triggering Event 
means the occurrence of a Change of 
Control together with a Ratings Decline. 
 
Ein Kontrollwechselereignis liegt vor, 
wenn ein Kontrollwechsel zusammen 
mit einer Ratingherabstufung eintreten. 
Rating Agency means (1) S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited and its subsidi-
aries or successors (S&P), (2) Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH and its subsidiaries 
or successors (Moody's), and (3) Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited and its subsidi-
aries or successors (Fitch), or (4) if 
S&P, Moody's or Fitch, or all three do 
not make a rating of the Issuer publicly 
available, a European-wide reputable 
securities rating agency or agencies, as 
the case may be, selected by the Issuer, 
which shall be substituted for S&P, 
Moody's or Fitch or all three, as the case 
may be. 
 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet (1) S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited sowie 
deren Tochter- oder Nachfolgergesell-
schaften (S&P), (2)·Moody's Deutsch-
land GmbH sowie deren Tochter- oder 
Nachfolgergesellschaften 
(Moody's), 
(3) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited sowie 
deren Tochter- oder Nachfolgergesell-
schaften (Fitch), oder (4) falls S&P, 
Moody's oder Fitch oder alle drei kein 
Rating für die Emittentin öffentlich zur 
Verfügung stellen, eine Ratingagentur 
oder Ratingagenturen mit europawei-
tem Ansehen, die von der Emittentin 
ausgewählt wird und S&P, Moody's 
oder Fitch oder alle diese Agenturen er-
setzt. 
Ratings Decline means that if (a), at 
the time of the occurrence of a Change 
of Control, the Issuer (i) has been, rated 
Investment Grade by at least two Rating 
Agencies and such rating is, within 120 
days from such time, either downgraded 
to a non-investment grade rating or 
withdrawn by at least two Rating Agen-
cies and is not within such 120-day pe-
riod subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded to Investment 
 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt vor, 
falls (a) die Emittentin bei Eintritt des 
Kontrollwechsels (i) von mindestens 
zwei Ratingagenturen mit Investment 
Grade bewertet ist und diese Ratings 
von mindestens zwei Ratingagenturen 
innerhalb von 120 Tagen nach dem 
Kontrollwechsel zu einem Non-Invest-
ment-Grade-Rating herabgestuft oder 
das Rating zurückgezogen wurde und 
nicht 
innerhalb 
dieser 
120-

--- Page 195 ---
195 
Grade by two of the three Rating Agen-
cies, or (in the case of withdrawal) re-
placed by an Investment Grade rating 
from any other Rating Agency or Rating 
Agencies; or (ii) rated below Investment 
Grade and such rating from any Rating 
Agency is, within 120 days from such 
time, downgraded by one or more gra-
dations (including gradations within Rat-
ing Categories as well as between Rat-
ing Categories) and is not within such 
120-day period subsequently upgraded 
to its earlier credit rating or better by 
such Rating Agency, provided that if at 
the time of the occurrence of a Change 
of Control the Issuer carries an Invest-
ment Grade rating of only one Rating 
Agency, it shall be sufficient if the re-
quirements under sub-paragraph (i) are 
met with respect to such Rating Agency; 
and (b) in making any of the decisions 
referred to above, the relevant Rating 
Agency announces publicly or confirms 
in writing to the Issuer that its decision 
resulted, in whole or in part, from the oc-
currence of the Change of Control. 
Tagesperiode anschließend (im Falle 
einer Herabstufung) durch mindestens 
zwei Ratingagenturen wieder auf ein In-
vestment Grade Rating heraufgestuft 
oder (im Falle eines Zurückziehens) 
durch das Investment Grade Rating ei-
ner anderen Ratingagentur oder Ratin-
gagenturen ersetzt wurde; oder (ii) un-
terhalb von Investment Grade bewertet 
ist und dieses Rating von einer Ratinga-
gentur innerhalb von 120 Tagen nach 
dem Kontrollwechsel um eine oder 
mehrere Stufen (einschließlich Unter-
gliederungen innerhalb von sowie zwi-
schen Ratingkategorien) herabgestuft 
und nicht innerhalb dieser 120-Tages-
periode anschließend wieder auf das ur-
sprüngliche oder ein besseres Rating 
durch diese Ratingagentur heraufge-
stuft wurde, wobei, falls die Emittentin 
zum Eintritt des Kontrollwechsels über 
ein Investment-Grade-Rating von nur 
einer Ratingagentur verfügt, es bereits 
ausreichend ist, wenn die Vorausset-
zungen in Unterabsatz (i) im Hinblick 
auf diese Ratingagentur erfüllt sind; und 
(b) im Zusammenhang mit einer der 
oben genannten Entscheidungen die 
betreffende Ratingagentur öffentlich be-
kannt macht oder gegenüber der Emit-
tentin schriftlich bestätigt, dass ihre Ent-
scheidung ganz oder teilweise auf den 
Kontrollwechsel zurückzuführen ist. 
Provided however that, no Ratings De-
cline will occur if at the end of the 120-
day period the Issuer has been rated by 
at least two Rating Agencies, it has so-
licited, Investment Grade. 
 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt jedoch 
nicht vor, falls die Emittentin, aufgrund 
einer Beauftragung durch die Emitten-
tin, am Ende der 120-Tagesperiode von 
mindestens zwei Ratingagenturen mit 
Investment Grade bewertet wird. 
Rating Category means: 
 
Ratingkategorie bezeichnet: 
(a) 
with respect to S&P or Fitch, any 
of the following categories: BB, B, 
CCC, CC, C and D (or equivalent 
successor categories); 
 
(a) 
in Bezug auf S&P oder Fitch eine 
der folgenden Kategorien: BB, B, 
CCC, CC, C und D (bzw. entspre-
chende Nachfolgekategorien);  
(b) 
with respect to Moody's, any of 
the following categories: Ba, B, 
Caa, Ca, C and D (or equivalent 
successor categories); and 
 
(b) 
in Bezug auf Moody's eine der fol-
genden Kategorien: Ba, B, Caa, 
Ca, C und D (bzw. entspre-
chende 
Nachfolgekategorien); 
und

--- Page 196 ---
196 
(c) 
the equivalent of any such cate-
gory of S&P, Moody's or Fitch 
used by another rating agency in 
determining whether the rating of 
the Issuer has decreased by one 
or more gradations, gradations 
within rating categories ("+" and 
"-" for S&P, "1", "2" and "3" for 
Moody's, "+" and "-" for Fitch; or 
the equivalent gradations for an-
other rating agency) shall be 
taken into account (e.g., with re-
spect to S&P, a decline in a rating 
from "BB+" to "BB", as well as 
from "BB-" to "B+", will constitute 
a decrease of one gradation). 
 
(c) 
diesen Kategorien von S&P oder 
Moody's oder Fitch entspre-
chende Ratingkategorien einer 
anderen Ratingagentur. Bei der 
Bestimmung, ob das Rating der 
Emittentin um eine oder mehrere 
Stufen herabgestuft wurde, wer-
den die jeweiligen Ratingkatego-
rien weiter untergliedernde Zu-
sätze ("+" und "-" bei S&P, "1", "2" 
und "3" bei Moody's, "+" und "-" 
bei Fitch bzw. entsprechende Zu-
sätze anderer Ratingagenturen) 
berücksichtigt (z. B. entspricht bei 
S&P eine Ratingänderung von 
"BB+" auf "BB" oder von "BB-" 
auf "B+" jeweils einer Herabstu-
fung um eine Stufe). 
Investment Grade means a rating of 
(i) "BBB-" or higher by S&P and Fitch, 
and (ii) "Baa3" or higher by Moody's, or 
the equivalent of such ratings by S&P, 
Moody's or Fitch and the equivalent in 
respect of rating categories of any Rat-
ing Agencies substituted for S&P, 
Moody's or Fitch. 
 
Investment Grade bezeichnet ein Ra-
ting von (i) "BBB-" oder höher im Fall 
von S&P und Fitch und (ii) "Baa3" oder 
höher im Fall von Moody's, oder das 
entsprechende Äquivalent dieser Ra-
tings im Fall von S&P, Moody's oder 
Fitch sowie das entsprechende Äquiva-
lent in den Ratingkategorien einer ande-
ren Ratingagentur, durch die S&P, 
Moody's oder Fitch ersetzt wurde. 
A Change of Control means the occur-
rence of one or more of the following 
events: 
 
Ein Kontrollwechsel bezeichnet den 
Eintritt eines oder mehrerer der folgen-
den Ereignisse: 
(a) 
any event the result of which is 
that (A) any person or group (Rel-
evant Person(s)) acting in con-
cert (as defined in section 30(2) 
of the German Securities Acquisi-
tion and Takeover Act (Wertpa-
piererwerbs- und Übernahme-
gesetz)) or any person or group 
acting on behalf of any such Rel-
evant Person(s), other than a 
Permitted Holder, is or becomes 
the direct or indirect legal or ben-
eficial ownership or any legal or 
beneficial entitlement (as defined 
in section 34 of the German Se-
curities Trading Act (Wertpapier-
handelsgesetz)) of, in the aggre-
gate, more than 50% of the voting 
shares of the Issuer; or 
 
(a) 
ein Ereignis, in dessen Folge (A) 
eine Person oder mehrere Perso-
nen (Relevante Personen), die 
abgestimmt handeln (wie in § 30 
Abs. 2 Wertpapiererwerbs- und 
Übernahmegesetz 
definiert), 
oder einer oder mehrere Dritte, 
die im Auftrag einer solchen Re-
levanten Person(en) handeln, mit 
Ausnahme eines Zulässigen In-
habers, unmittelbar oder mittel-
bar rechtliches oder wirtschaftli-
ches Eigentum in jedweder Form 
bzw. die unmittelbare oder mittel-
bare rechtliche oder wirtschaftli-
che Verfügungsbefugnis in jed-
weder Form (wie in § 34 Wertpa-
pierhandelsgesetz beschrieben) 
an insgesamt mehr als 50% der

--- Page 197 ---
197 
stimmberechtigten 
Aktien 
der 
Emittentin erlangen; oder 
(b) 
any sale, lease, exchange or 
other transfer (in one transaction 
or a series of related transac-
tions) of all or substantially all of 
the assets of the Issuer (held di-
rectly or indirectly) to any Rele-
vant Person, other than a Permit-
ted Holder, or any person or 
group acting on behalf of any 
such Relevant Person(s). 
 
(b) 
ein Verkauf, ein Leasing, ein 
Tausch oder eine sonstige Über-
tragung (im Rahmen einer einzi-
gen Transaktion oder einer Reihe 
miteinander zusammenhängen-
der Transaktionen) aller oder al-
ler 
wesentlichen 
Vermögens-
werte (direkt oder indirekt gehal-
ten) der Emittentin an eine oder 
mehrere Relevante Personen, 
mit Ausnahme eines Zulässigen 
Inhabers, oder einen oder meh-
rere Dritte, die im Auftrag solcher 
Relevanten Personen handeln. 
Person means any individual, corpora-
tion, partnership, joint venture, associa-
tion, joint-stock company, trust, unincor-
porated organization, government or 
any agency, instrumentality or political 
subdivision thereof, or any other entity. 
 
Person bezeichnet eine natürliche Per-
son, eine Körperschaft, eine Personen-
gesellschaft, ein Joint Venture, eine 
Vereinigung, eine Aktiengesellschaft, 
einen Trust, eine Einrichtung ohne ei-
gene Rechtspersönlichkeit, eine staatli-
che Stelle oder Behörde, eine Gebiets-
körperschaft 
oder 
einen 
sonstigen 
Rechtsträger. 
Permitted Holder means Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA and any of its Affiliates, as 
long as and to the extent Fresenius SE 
& Co. KGaA or the relevant Affiliate(s) is 
or are not acting in concert with, or on 
behalf of, a Relevant Person(s). 
 
Zulässiger Inhaber bezeichnet die 
Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA und alle mit 
ihr verbundenen Personen, sofern und 
soweit die Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA 
oder eine oder mehrere mit ihr verbun-
dene Person(en) nicht gemeinsam mit 
oder im Auftrag einer oder mehrerer Re-
levanten Person(en) handeln. 
Affiliate of any specified Person 
means: 
 
Verbundene Person einer bestimmten 
Person bezeichnet: 
(a) 
any other Person, directly or indi-
rectly, controlling or controlled by 
such specified Person, or 
 
(a) 
jede andere Person, die diese 
Person direkt oder indirekt kon-
trolliert bzw. direkt oder indirekt 
von ihr kontrolliert wird, oder 
(b) 
under direct or indirect common 
control with such specified Per-
son. 
 
(b) 
mit dieser bestimmten Person un-
ter direkter oder indirekter ge-
meinsamer Kontrolle steht. 
For the purposes of this definition, "con-
trol" when used with respect to any Per-
son means the power to direct the man-
agement and policies of such Person, 
directly or indirectly, whether through 
the ownership of voting securities, by 
 
Für den Zweck dieser Definition be-
zeichnet "Kontrolle" bei Verwendung in 
Bezug auf eine Person die Befugnis, de-
ren Geschäftsführung und Unterneh-
menspolitik direkt oder indirekt zu be-
stimmen (§ 15 Aktiengesetz), sei es

--- Page 198 ---
198 
contract or otherwise (section 15 of the 
German Stock Corporation Act (Ak-
tiengesetz)); and the terms "controlling" 
and "controlled" have meanings correl-
ative to the foregoing.  
durch den Besitz von stimmberechtigten 
Kapitalanteilen, eine vertragliche Fest-
legung oder anderweitig, und die Be-
deutung der Begriffe "kontrolliert" und 
"kontrollieren" ist entsprechend zu ver-
stehen. 
Within 30 days upon the Issuer becom-
ing aware that a Change of Control Trig-
gering Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall give notice (a Put Event Notice) 
to the Holders in accordance with § 12 
stating: 
 
Innerhalb von 30 Tagen, nachdem die 
Emittentin von einem Kontrollwechsele-
reignis Kenntnis erlangt hat, wird die 
Emittentin dies den Gläubigern gemäß 
§ 12 
bekannt 
machen 
(Vorzeitige 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung) und dabei 
folgendes mitteilen: 
(a) 
that a Change of Control Trigger-
ing Event has occurred; 
 
(a) 
dass ein Kontrollwechselereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(b) 
the circumstances and relevant 
facts regarding such Change of 
Control Triggering Event; 
 
(b) 
die Umstände und relevanten In-
formationen bezüglich des Kon-
trollwechselereignisses; 
(c) 
the repurchase date (which shall 
be no earlier than 30 days nor 
later than 60 days from the date 
such Put Event Notice is given) 
(the Optional Redemption Date); 
 
(c) 
den Tag des Rückkaufs (der nicht 
früher als 30 und nicht später als 
60 Tage nach dem Tag, an dem 
die Vorzeitige Rückkaufsgrunder-
klärung erfolgt, liegen darf) (der 
Stichtag); 
(d) 
that each Note will be subject to 
repurchase only in integral multi-
ples of the Specified Denomina-
tion; and 
 
(d) 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen 
nur in ganzen Vielfachen der 
Festgelegten Stückelung zurück-
gekauft werden; und 
(e) 
the instructions determined by 
the Issuer that a Holder must fol-
low in order to have its Notes pur-
chased pursuant to this § 5[(5)]. 
 
(e) 
die Anweisungen, die ein Gläubi-
ger befolgen muss, damit die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem § 5[(5)] zurückgekauft 
werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the 
Holder must submit during normal busi-
ness hours at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent a duly completed option 
exercise notice in the form available 
from the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent within the period of 20 days after 
a Put Event Notice is given. No option 
so exercised may be revoked or with-
drawn without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
 
Um ein solches Recht auszuüben, muss 
ein Gläubiger während der allgemeinen 
Geschäftszeiten bei der angegebenen 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine vollständig ausgefüllte Ausübungs-
erklärung in der durch die Emissions-
stelle bereitgestellten Form innerhalb ei-
nes Zeitraums von 20 Tagen nach Be-
kanntmachung der Vorzeitigen Rück-
zahlungserklärung übermitteln. Kein in 
dieser Form ausgeübtes Recht kann 
ohne vorherige Zustimmung der Emit-
tentin widerrufen oder zurückgezogen 
werden.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
The Issuer will comply with the require-
ments of any applicable securities laws 
or regulations in connection with an 
early redemption of Notes at the option 
of the Holders upon a Change of Control 
pursuant to this § 5[(5)]. To the extent 
that the provisions of any securities laws 
or regulations or applicable stock ex-
change listing rules conflict with the pro-
visions of this § 5[(5)], the Issuer will 
comply with the applicable securities 
laws, regulations and listing rules and 
will not be deemed to have breached its 
obligations under this § 5[(5)] by virtue 
thereof.] 
 
Die Emittentin wird die Anforderungen 
der anwendbaren Wertpapiergesetze 
oder  
-vorschriften im Zusammenhang mit ei-
ner 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Inhaber bei einem Kontrollwechsel ge-
mäß diesem § 5[(5)] erfüllen. Soweit die 
Bestimmungen eines Wertpapiergeset-
zes oder -verordnung oder eines an-
wendbaren 
Börsenzulassungsregel-
werks im Widerspruch zu den Bestim-
mungen dieses § 5[(5)] stehen, wird die 
Emittentin die anwendbaren Wertpa-
piergesetze, -verordnungen und -regel-
werke einhalten und dies wird nicht als 
Verletzung ihrer Pflichten aus diesem 
§ 5[(5)] angesehen werden.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemp-
tion at the Option of the Issuer the follow-
ing applies:  
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurück-
zuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(6)] Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer. 
 
[(6)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin. 
(a) 
The Issuer may, upon notice 
given in accordance with subpar-
agraph (b), redeem all or some 
only of the Notes within the Call 
Redemption Period(s) at the Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth 
below together with accrued in-
terest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the relevant redemption date. 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie 
gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, 
die Schuldverschreibungen ins-
gesamt oder teilweise innerhalb 
des/der Wahl-Rückzahlungszeit-
raums/-räume (Call) zum/zu den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/-be-
trägen (Call), wie nachfolgend 
angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis 
zum 
maßgeblichen 
Rückzah-
lungstag (ausschließlich) aufge-
laufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen.  
 
Call Redemption Pe-
riod(s) 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitrau
m/-räume  
(Call) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/-beträge  
(Call) 
[Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitra
um/-räume] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/-beträge] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•]

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
[If Notes are subject to Early Re-
demption at the Option of the Holder, 
the following applies: The Issuer may 
not exercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of the prior 
exercise by the Holder thereof of its op-
tion to require the redemption of such 
Note under subparagraph [(8)] of this 
§ 5.] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vor-
zeitig zu kündigen, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: Der Emittentin steht dieses 
Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rück-
zahlung bereits der Gläubiger in Aus-
übung seines Wahlrechts nach Ab-
satz [(8)] dieses § 5 verlangt hat.] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Holders 
of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 12. Such notice shall specify:  
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubi-
gern der Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12 
bekanntzugeben. Sie muss die 
folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject 
to redemption; 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Se-
rie von Schuldverschrei-
bungen;  
(ii) 
whether such series is to 
be redeemed in whole or in 
part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate princi-
pal amount of the Notes 
which are to be redeemed; 
 
(ii) 
eine Erklärung, ob diese 
Serie ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt wird und im 
letzteren Fall den Gesamt-
nennbetrag der zurückzu-
zahlenden 
Schuldver-
schreibungen;  
(iii) 
the relevant redemption 
date, which shall be not 
less than 20 nor more than 
40 days after the date on 
which notice is given by 
the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
(iii) 
den maßgeblichen Rück-
zahlungstag, der nicht we-
niger als 20 und nicht mehr 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag 
der Kündigung durch die 
Emittentin gegenüber den 
Gläubigern 
liegen 
darf; 
und  
(iv) 
the 
Call 
Redemption 
Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(iv) 
den Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag (Call), zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(c) 
In the case of a partial redemp-
tion of Notes, Notes to be re-
deemed shall be selected in ac-
cordance with the rules of the rel-
evant Clearing System. [In the 
case of Notes in NGN form, the 
following applies: For technical 
procedure of the ICSDs, in the 
case of a partial redemption the 
outstanding redemption amount 
will be reflected in the records of 
 
(c) 
Wenn die Schuldverschreibun-
gen nur teilweise zurückgezahlt 
werden, werden die zurückzu-
zahlenden Schuldverschreibun-
gen in Übereinstimmung mit den 
Regeln des betreffenden Clea-
ringsystems ausgewählt. [Falls 
die Schuldverschreibungen in 
Form einer NGN begeben wer-
den, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Für das technische Verfahren der

--- Page 201 ---
201 
the ICSDs as either a reduction in 
nominal amount or as a pool fac-
tor, at the discretion of the 
ICSDs.]] 
ICSDs wird im Fall einer teilwei-
sen Rückzahlung der entste-
hende Rückzahlungsbetrag ent-
weder als reduzierter Nennbetrag 
oder als Poolfaktor nach Ermes-
sen der ICSDs in das Register 
der ICSDs aufgenommen.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemp-
tion at the Option of the Issuer upon the oc-
currence of a Transaction Trigger Event 
the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei Ein-
tritt eines Transaktions-Ereignisses zu-
rückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer upon the occurrence of a Trans-
action Trigger Event. 
 
[(7)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Transakti-
ons-Ereignisses. 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of a Trans-
action Trigger Event, the Issuer 
may, upon notice given in accord-
ance with subparagraph (b), re-
deem all of the Notes on the 
Event Redemption Date at the 
Event Redemption Amount to-
gether with interest (if any) to the 
Event Redemption Date (exclud-
ing). 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin kann, nachdem 
ein Transaktions-Ereignis aufge-
treten ist und sie gemäß Absatz 
(b) gekündigt hat, die Schuldver-
schreibungen insgesamt an dem 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag 
zum 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
wie 
nachfolgend 
angegeben, 
nebst etwaigen bis zum Ereignis-
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließ-
lich) aufgelaufenen Zinsen zu-
rückzahlen. 
The Issuer may waive its right to 
call the Notes for redemption 
based on a Transaction Trigger 
Event by giving notice in accord-
ance with § 12. 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht 
zur vorzeitigen Kündigung der 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund 
eines Transaktions-Ereignisses 
durch Bekanntmachung gemäß 
§ 12 verzichten. 
[If the Notes are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Op-
tion of the Holder the following 
applies: The Issuer may not ex-
ercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of 
the prior exercise by the Holder 
thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under 
subparagraph [(8)] of this § 5.] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahl-
recht hat, die Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht 
nicht in Bezug auf eine Schuld-
verschreibung zu, deren Rück-
zahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung 
seines 
Wahlrechts 
nach Absatz [(8)] dieses § 5 ver-
langt hat.] 
(b) 
Notice of redemption shall be 
given by the Issuer to the Holders 
of the Notes in accordance with 
§ 12. Such notice shall specify:  
 
(b) 
Die Kündigung ist den Gläubi-
gern der Schuldverschreibungen 
durch die Emittentin gemäß § 12 
bekanntzugeben. Sie muss die 
folgenden Angaben enthalten:

--- Page 202 ---
202 
(i) 
the series of Notes subject 
to redemption; 
 
(i) 
die zurückzuzahlende Se-
rie von Schuldverschrei-
bungen;  
(ii) 
the 
Event 
Redemption 
Date, which shall be not 
less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days after the date 
on which notice of the oc-
currence of the Transac-
tion Trigger Event is given 
by the Issuer to the Hold-
ers; and 
 
(ii) 
den 
Ereignis-Rückzah-
lungstag, der nicht weniger 
als 30 Tage und nicht mehr 
als 60 Tage nach dem Tag 
der Mitteilung des Eintritts 
eines Transaktions-Ereig-
nisses durch die Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf; und  
(iii) 
the 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount at which such 
Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(iii) 
den 
Ereignis-Rückzah-
lungsbetrag, zu dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(c) 
Whereby: 
 
(c) 
Dabei gilt: 
Event 
Redemption 
Amount 
means 
[insert 
amount 
per 
Note]. 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
bezeichnet [Betrag pro Schuld-
verschreibung einfügen]. 
Event Redemption Date means 
the date fixed for redemption of 
the Notes pursuant to subpara-
graph [(7)] (b) of this § 5 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag be-
zeichnet den Tag, der für die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen 
gemäß 
Absatz 
[(7)] (b) dieses § 5 festgesetzt 
wurde. 
Transaction means [insert de-
scription of envisaged acquisi-
tion transaction for which the 
Notes are intended to be is-
sued 
for 
refinancing 
pur-
poses]. 
 
Transaktion 
bezeichnet 
[Be-
schreibung der geplanten Ak-
quisitionstransaktion für deren 
Finanzierung die Schuldver-
schreibungen begeben wer-
den]. 
Transaction 
Trigger 
Event 
means a notice given by the Is-
suer to the Holders [in the case 
of a Transaction Trigger Cut-
off Date insert: on or prior to 
[Transaction Trigger Cut-off 
Date]] in accordance with § 12 
that the Transaction has been 
terminated prior to completion 
and the Issuer has publicly stated 
that it no longer intends to pursue 
the Transaction.] 
 
Transaktions-Ereignis bezeich-
net die Mitteilung der Emittentin 
[Im Fall eines Transaktions-
Stichtages, einfügen: an oder 
vor dem [Transaktions-Stich-
tag]] an die Gläubiger gemäß 
§ 12, dass die Transaktion vor ih-
rem 
Abschluss 
abgebrochen 
wurde und die Emittentin öffent-
lich erklärt hat, dass sie nicht län-
ger beabsichtigt, die Transaktion 
zu verfolgen.]

--- Page 203 ---
203 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemp-
tion at the Option of the Holder the follow-
ing applies:  
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündi-
gen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(8)] Early Redemption at the Option of a 
Holder. 
 
[(8)] Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des 
Gläubigers. 
(a) 
The Issuer shall, at the option of 
the Holder of any Note, redeem 
such Note on the Put Redemp-
tion Date(s) at the Put Redemp-
tion Amount(s) set forth below to-
gether with accrued interest, if 
any, to (but excluding) the Put 
Redemption Date. 
 
(a) 
Die Emittentin hat eine Schuld-
verschreibung nach Ausübung 
des entsprechenden Wahlrechts 
durch den Gläubiger am/an den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag(en) (Put) 
zum/zu dem/den Wahl-Rückzah-
lungsbetrag/-beträgen (Put), wie 
nachfolgend angegeben nebst 
etwaigen bis zum Wahl-Rückzah-
lungstag (Put) (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückzu-
zahlen. 
 
Put Redemption 
Date(s) 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e) 
(Put) 
Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge (Put) 
[Put Redemption 
Date(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbe-
trag/beträge] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
[•] 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
The Holder may not exercise 
such option in respect of any 
Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of any 
of its options to redeem such 
Note under this § 5. 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses 
Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor 
in Ausübung eines ihrer Wahl-
rechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt 
hat. 
(b) 
In order to exercise such option, 
the Holder must, not less than 
[Minimum Notice to Issuer] nor 
more than [Maximum Notice to 
Issuer] days before the Put Re-
demption Date on which such re-
demption is required to be made 
as specified in the Put Redemp-
tion Notice (as defined below), 
submit during normal business 
 
(b) 
Um dieses Wahlrecht auszu-
üben, hat der Gläubiger nicht we-
niger als [Mindestkündigungs-
frist] und nicht mehr als [Höchst-
kündigungsfrist] Tage vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an 
dem die Rückzahlung gemäß der 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklä-
rung (wie nachfolgend definiert) 
erfolgen soll, der bezeichneten

--- Page 204 ---
204 
hours at the specified office of the 
Fiscal Agent a duly completed 
early redemption notice (Put Re-
demption Notice) in the form 
available from the specified of-
fices of the Fiscal Agent and the 
Paying Agent. The Put Redemp-
tion Notice must specify (i) the 
principal amount of the Notes in 
respect of which such option is 
exercised, and (ii) the securities 
identification number of such 
Notes, if any. No option so exer-
cised may be revoked or with-
drawn. The Issuer shall only be 
required to redeem Notes in re-
spect of which such option is ex-
ercised against delivery of such 
Notes to the Issuer or to its or-
der.] 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissions-
stelle während der normalen Ge-
schäftszeiten eine ordnungsge-
mäß ausgefüllte Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
(die 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungser-
klärung), wie sie bei den be-
zeichneten Geschäftsstellen der 
Emissionsstelle und der Zahl-
stelle erhältlich ist, zu übermit-
teln. 
Die 
Rückzahlungs-Aus-
übungserklärung hat anzugeben: 
(i) den Nennbetrag der Schuld-
verschreibungen, für die das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird und (ii) 
die 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer 
dieser 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(soweit vergeben). Die Ausübung 
des Wahlrechts kann nicht wider-
rufen werden. Die Rückzahlung 
der Schuldverschreibungen, für 
welche das Wahlrecht ausgeübt 
worden ist, erfolgt nur gegen Lie-
ferung der Schuldverschreibun-
gen an die Emittentin oder deren 
Order.] 
§ 6 
(THE FISCAL AGENT,[ ] THE PAYING 
AGENT AND THE CALCULATION AGENT) 
 
§ 6 
(DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE,[ ] DIE 
ZAHLSTELLE UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE) 
(1) 
Appointment; Specified Office. 
 
(1) 
Bestellung; 
bezeichnete 
Geschäfts-
stelle. 
The initial fiscal agent (the Fiscal 
Agent) and the initial paying agent (the 
Paying Agent) and its initial specified 
office shall be: 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle 
(die Emissionsstelle) und die anfäng-
lich bestellte Zahlstelle (die Zahlstelle) 
und ihre bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle 
lautet wie folgt: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesell-
schaft 
Trust & Security Services 
Operations Frankfurt 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesell-
schaft 
Trust & Security Services 
Operations Frankfurt 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Deutschland 
The initial calculation agent (the Calcu-
lation Agent) and its initial specified of-
fice shall be: 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungs-
stelle (die Berechnungsstelle) und ihre 
bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle lautet wie 
folgt:

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
[●].] 
[●].] 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying 
Agent [and the Calculation Agent] re-
serve the right at any time to change 
their respective specified offices to 
some other specified office in the same 
country. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahl-
stelle [und die Berechnungsstelle] be-
halten sich das Recht vor, jederzeit ihre 
jeweiligen bezeichneten Geschäftsstel-
len durch eine andere bezeichnete Ge-
schäftsstelle in demselben Land zu er-
setzen. 
(2) 
Variation or Termination of Appoint-
ment. 
 
(2) 
Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberu-
fung. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time 
to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Fiscal Agent or any Paying Agent or 
the Calculation Agent and to appoint an-
other Fiscal Agent or additional or other 
Paying Agents or another Calculation 
Agent. The Issuer shall at all times 
maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent [in the case 
of Notes listed on a stock exchange 
the following applies: [,] [and] (ii) so 
long as the Notes are listed on the 
[name of Stock Exchange], a Paying 
Agent (which may be the Fiscal Agent) 
with a specified office in [location of 
Stock Exchange] and/or in such other 
place as may be required by the rules of 
such stock exchange] [,] [and] [(iii)] a 
Paying Agent in an EU Member State, if 
possible, that will not be obliged to with-
hold or deduct tax in connection with 
any payment made in relation to the 
Notes unless the Paying Agent would 
be so obliged in each other EU Member 
State if it were located there, [,] [and] 
[(iv)] a Calculation Agent [in the case 
of payments in United States dollar 
the following applies: and [(v)] if pay-
ments at or through the offices of all 
Paying Agents outside the United 
States (as defined in § 1(6)) become il-
legal or are effectively precluded be-
cause of the imposition of exchange 
controls or similar restrictions on the full 
payment or receipt of such amounts in 
United States dollar, a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in New York City]. 
Any variation, termination, appointment 
or change shall only take effect (other 
than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not 
less than 30 nor more than 45 days' 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissi-
onsstelle oder einer Zahlstelle oder der 
Berechnungsstelle zu ändern oder zu 
beenden und eine andere Emissions-
stelle oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen oder eine andere Berech-
nungsstelle zu bestellen. Die Emittentin 
wird zu jedem Zeitpunkt (i) eine Emissi-
onsstelle unterhalten [im Fall von 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer 
Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: [,] [und] (ii) solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen an der [Name 
der Börse] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle 
(die die Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit 
bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz 
der Börse] und/oder an solchen ande-
ren Orten unterhalten, die die Regeln 
dieser Börse verlangen] [,] [und] [(iii)] 
eine Zahlstelle in einem Mitgliedsstaat 
der Europäischen Union, sofern dies 
möglich ist, unterhalten, die nicht zum 
Einbehalt oder Abzug von Quellensteu-
ern oder sonstigen Abzügen verpflichtet 
ist, es sei denn, dass eine solche Einbe-
halts- oder Abzugspflicht auch in allen 
anderen Mitgliedsstaaten der Europäi-
schen Union bestünde [,] [und] [(iv)] 
eine Berechnungsstelle unterhalten [im 
Fall von Zahlungen in US-Dollar ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und [(v)] falls 
Zahlungen bei den oder durch die Ge-
schäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen außer-
halb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in 
§ 1(6) definiert) aufgrund der Einfüh-
rung von Devisenbeschränkungen oder 
ähnlichen Beschränkungen hinsichtlich 
der vollständigen Zahlung oder des 
Empfangs der entsprechenden Beträge 
in 
US-Dollar 
widerrechtlich 
oder

--- Page 206 ---
206 
prior notice thereof shall have been 
given to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 12. 
tatsächlich ausgeschlossen werden, 
eine Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Ge-
schäftsstelle in New York City unterhal-
ten]. Eine Änderung, Abberufung, Be-
stellung oder ein sonstiger Wechsel 
wird nur wirksam (außer im Insolvenz-
fall, in dem eine solche Änderung sofort 
wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger 
hierüber gemäß § 12vorab unter Einhal-
tung einer Frist von mindestens 30 und 
nicht mehr als 45 Tagen informiert wur-
den. 
(3) 
Agent of the Issuer. 
 
(3) 
Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and 
the Calculation Agent act solely as the 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und 
die Berechnungsstelle handeln aus-
schließlich als Erfüllungsgehilfen der 
Emittentin und übernehmen keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen gegenüber den Gläubi-
gern und es wird kein Auftrags- oder 
Treuhandverhältnis zwischen ihnen und 
den Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 7 
(TAXATION) 
 
§ 7 
(STEUERN) 
All payments of principal and interest made by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Hold-
ers shall be made free and clear of, and with-
out withholding or deduction for, any present 
or future taxes or duties of whatever nature im-
posed or levied by way of deduction or with-
holding by or on behalf of (1) the Federal Re-
public of Germany or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, (2) any jurisdiction 
from or through which payment on the Notes 
is made, or any political subdivision or govern-
mental authority thereof or therein having the 
power to tax and/or (3) any other jurisdiction in 
which the payor is organized or otherwise con-
sidered to be resident or doing business for tax 
purposes, or any political subdivision or gov-
ernmental authority thereof or therein having 
the power to tax (each a Relevant Taxing Ju-
risdiction), unless such deduction or with-
holding is required by law. In that event the Is-
suer shall pay such additional amounts (the 
Additional Amounts) as shall result in receipt 
by the Holders of such amounts as would have 
been received by them had no such withhold-
ing or deduction been required, except that no 
Additional Amounts shall be payable with re-
spect to: 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
von der Emittentin an die Gläubiger zahlbaren 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge werden ohne Einbe-
halt oder Abzug an der Quelle für oder wegen 
gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger Steuern oder 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von 
oder im Namen (1) der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland oder einer dort zur Steuererhe-
bung ermächtigten Behörde, (2) einer Rechts-
ordnung, aus der bzw. über die eine Zahlung 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen geleistet wird, 
oder einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtig-
ten 
Gebietskörperschaft 
oder 
Behörde, 
und/oder (3) einer anderen Rechtsordnung, in 
der die zahlende Partei errichtet ist oder an-
derweitig als gebietsansässig gilt oder im steu-
erlichen Sinn geschäftlich tätig ist, oder einer 
dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten Ge-
bietskörperschaft oder Behörde (jeweils eine 
Relevante Steuerjurisdiktion) im Wege des 
Abzugs oder Einbehalts auferlegt oder erho-
ben werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug 
oder Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. 
In diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen 
zusätzlichen Beträge (Zusätzliche Beträge) 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den 
Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den

--- Page 207 ---
207 
Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, 
die ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von den Gläubigern erhalten worden wären; 
jedoch sind solche Zusätzlichen Beträge nicht 
zu zahlen in Bezug auf: 
(a) 
taxes or duties which are payable 
by any Person acting as custo-
dian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of a Holder, or otherwise in 
any manner which does not con-
stitute a deduction or withholding 
by the Issuer from payments of 
principal or interest made by it; or 
 
(a) 
Steuern oder Abgaben, die von 
einer als Depotbank oder Inkas-
sobeauftragter eines Gläubigers 
handelnden Person oder auf eine 
sonstige Weise zu entrichten 
sind, die keinen Abzug oder Ein-
behalt von Zahlungen von Kapital 
oder Zinsen durch die Emittentin 
darstellen; oder 
(b) 
payments that would not have 
been so imposed but for the ex-
istence of any present or former 
connection between such Holder 
(or between a fiduciary, settlor, 
beneficiary, member or share-
holder of, or a person having a 
controlling power over, such 
Holder) and any Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction including, without lim-
itation, such Holder (or such fidu-
ciary, settlor, beneficiary, mem-
ber, shareholder or person hav-
ing such a controlling power) be-
ing or having been a citizen or 
resident or treated as a resident 
of, being or having been engaged 
in a trade or business in, or hav-
ing or having had a permanent 
establishment in, a Relevant Tax-
ing Jurisdiction other than any 
connections arising solely from a 
Holder acquiring, holding or dis-
posing of, receiving any payment 
under or with respect to or enforc-
ing a Note; or 
 
(b) 
Zahlungen, die nicht erhoben 
worden wären, wenn nicht (i) eine 
gegenwärtige oder ehemalige 
Beziehung zwischen dem betref-
fenden Gläubiger (oder einem 
Treuhänder, Treugeber, Begüns-
tigten, Mitglied oder Gesellschaf-
ter dieses Gläubigers oder einer 
Person, die beherrschenden Ein-
fluss auf diesen Gläubiger hat) 
und einer Relevanten Steuerju-
risdiktion bestehen würde, unter 
anderem in der Form, dass der 
betreffende 
Gläubiger 
(bzw. 
Treuhänder, Treugeber, Begüns-
tigte, 
Mitglied, 
Gesellschafter 
oder die Person, die beherr-
schenden Einfluss hat) Staats-
bürger einer Relevanten Steuer-
jurisdiktion ist oder war oder dort 
ansässig ist oder war oder als 
dort ansässig gilt oder galt oder 
dort ein Gewerbe oder eine Ge-
schäftstätigkeit betreibt oder be-
trieben hat oder dort eine Be-
triebsstätte unterhält oder unter-
halten hat, mit Ausnahme von 
Beziehungen, die allein dadurch 
entstehen, dass ein Gläubiger 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung 
er-
wirbt, hält oder veräußert bzw. 
eine Zahlung darunter oder in Be-
zug auf diese erhält oder Ansprü-
che darauf geltend macht; oder 
(c) 
payments to, or to a third party on 
behalf of, a Holder where no such 
withholding or deduction would 
have been required to be made if 
 
(c) 
Zahlungen an den Gläubiger 
oder an einen Dritten für den 
Gläubiger, falls kein Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
hätte 
erfolgen

--- Page 208 ---
208 
the Notes were credited at the 
time of payment to a securities 
deposit account with a bank, fi-
nancial services institution, secu-
rities trading business or securi-
ties trading bank, in each case 
outside the Relevant Taxing Ju-
risdiction; or 
müssen, wenn die Schuldver-
schreibung zum Zeitpunkt der 
fraglichen Zahlung einem Depot-
konto bei einer bzw. einem nicht 
in der Relevanten Steuerjurisdik-
tion ansässigen Bank, Finanz-
dienstleistungsinstitut, 
Wertpa-
pierhandelsunternehmen 
oder 
Wertpapierhandelsbank 
gutge-
schrieben gewesen wäre; oder 
(d) 
payments where such withhold-
ing or deduction is imposed pur-
suant to (i) any European Union 
Directive or Regulation concern-
ing the taxation of savings, or (ii) 
any international treaty or under-
standing relating to such taxation 
and to which the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction or the European Un-
ion is a party/are parties, or (iii) 
any provision of law implement-
ing, or complying with, or intro-
duced to conform with, such Di-
rective, Regulation, treaty or un-
derstanding, or (iv) the Luxem-
bourg law of 23 December 2005; 
or 
 
(d) 
falls der Einbehalt oder Abzug 
gemäß (i) einer Richtlinie oder 
Verordnung der Europäischen 
Union zur Zinsbesteuerung oder 
(ii) einem internationalen Abkom-
men oder Übereinkommen zu ei-
ner solchen Besteuerung, bei 
dem die Relevante Steuerjuris-
diktion oder die Europäische 
Union Parteien sind, oder (iii) ei-
nem diese Richtlinie oder Verord-
nung oder dieses Abkommen 
oder Übereinkommen umsetzen-
den oder sie befolgenden oder zu 
ihrer Befolgung erlassenen Ge-
setz, oder (iv) dem Luxemburger 
Gesetz vom 23. Dezember 2005 
erhoben wird; oder 
(e) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is payable 
by or on behalf of a Holder who 
could lawfully mitigate (but has 
not so mitigated) such withhold-
ing or deduction by complying or 
procuring that any third party 
complies with any statutory re-
quirements or by making or pro-
curing that a third party makes a 
declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption 
to any tax authority in the place 
where the payment is effected 
(including, in the case of a pay-
ment by a Paying Agent situated 
in the United States, by providing 
prior to the receipt of any such 
payment, a complete, correct and 
executed IRS Form W-8 or W-9 
or successor form, as applicable, 
with all appropriate attachments); 
or 
 
(e) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von dem Gläubiger oder von ei-
nem Dritten für den Gläubiger 
zahlbar ist, der einen solchen 
Einbehalt oder Abzug dadurch 
rechtmäßigerweise hätte vermin-
dern können (aber nicht vermin-
dert hat), dass er gesetzliche Vor-
schriften beachtet, oder dafür 
sorgt, dass Dritte dieses tun, oder 
dadurch dass er eine Nichtansäs-
sigkeitserklärung oder einen ähn-
lichen Antrag auf Quellensteuer-
befreiung gegenüber der am 
Zahlungsort zuständigen Steuer-
behörde; abgibt oder dafür sorgt, 
dass dies durch einen Dritten er-
folgt (einschließlich, im Falle ei-
ner Zahlung durch eine Zahlstelle 
mit Sitz in den Vereinigten Staa-
ten, durch Bereitstellung eines 
vollständigen, korrekten und aus-
gefüllten 
IRS-Formulars 
W-8 
oder W-9 oder eines Nachfolge-
formulars, falls zutreffend, mit

--- Page 209 ---
209 
allen entsprechenden Anlagen); 
oder 
(f) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is payable 
by or on behalf of a Holder who 
would have been able to mitigate 
such withholding or deduction by 
effecting a payment via another 
Paying Agent in a Member State 
of the European Union, not 
obliged to withhold or deduct tax; 
or 
 
(f) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von dem Gläubiger oder von ei-
nem Dritten für den Gläubiger 
vorzunehmen ist, der einen sol-
chen Einbehalt oder Abzug durch 
die Bewirkung einer Zahlung 
über eine andere Zahlstelle in ei-
nem Mitgliedsstaat der Europäi-
schen Union, welche nicht zu ei-
nem solchen Einbehalt oder Ab-
zug verpflichtet ist, hätte vermin-
dern können; oder 
(g) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is for or on 
account of the presentation by 
the Holder of any Note for pay-
ment on a date more than 30 
days after the date on which such 
payment became due and paya-
ble or the date on which payment 
thereof is duly provided for, 
whichever occurs later; or 
 
(g) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug 
für einen Gläubiger oder dessen 
Rechnung vorzunehmen ist, der 
Schuldverschreibungen mehr als 
30 Tage nach dem Tag, an dem 
eine Zahlung unter den Schuld-
verschreibungen fällig und zahl-
bar wurde bzw., soweit dies spä-
ter eintritt, nach dem Tag, an dem 
die Zahlung ordnungsgemäß vor-
genommen wurde, vorgelegt hat; 
oder 
(h) 
payments to the extent such with-
holding or deduction is required 
pursuant 
to 
sections 
1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the Internal Revenue 
Code), or any amended or suc-
cessor version thereof, any cur-
rent or future regulations or offi-
cial interpretations thereof, any 
agreement entered into pursuant 
to section 1471(b) of the Internal 
Revenue Code, or any fiscal or 
regulatory legislation, rules or 
practices adopted pursuant to 
any intergovernmental 
agree-
ment entered into in connection 
with the implementation of such 
sections of the Internal Revenue 
Code; or  
 
(h) 
soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug 
gemäß §§ 1471 bis 1474 des 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code von 
1986 in seiner jeweils gültigen 
Fassung (der Internal Revenue 
Code), oder einer geänderten 
oder nachfolgenden Fassung da-
von, jeder gegenwärtigen oder 
zukünftigen Verordnung oder of-
fiziellen Auslegung davon, jeder 
Vereinbarung, 
die 
gemäß 
§ 
1471(b) des Internal Revenue 
Codes eingegangen wurde oder 
jeder steuerlichen oder regulato-
rischen Gesetzgebung, sowie 
steuerlichen und regulatorischen 
Gesetzen oder Vorgehenswei-
sen, die nach einem völkerrecht-
lichen Vertrag, der zur Umset-
zung der Bestimmungen des In-
ternal Revenue Codes geschlos-
sen wurde, vorzunehmen ist; 
oder 
(i) 
any tax imposed on interest by 
the United States or any political 
 
(i) 
jede Steuer, die von den Verei-
nigten Staaten oder einer ihrer

--- Page 210 ---
210 
subdivision or governmental au-
thority thereof or therein by rea-
son of any Holder holding or own-
ing, actually or constructively, 
10% or more of the total com-
bined voting power of all classes 
of stock of the Issuer entitled to 
vote; or 
politischen 
Unterabteilungen 
oder Regierungsbehörden auf 
Zinsen erhoben wird, weil ein In-
haber tatsächlich oder konstruk-
tiv 10 % oder mehr der gesamten 
kombinierten Stimmrechte aller 
Aktiengattungen der Emittentin 
hält oder besitzt; oder 
(j) 
any tax imposed on interest by 
the United States or any political 
subdivision or governmental au-
thority thereof or therein by rea-
son of any Holder being a con-
trolled foreign corporation that is 
a related person within the mean-
ing of section 864(d)(4) of the In-
ternal Revenue Code with re-
spect to the Issuer; or 
 
(j) 
jede Steuer, die von den Verei-
nigten Staaten oder einer politi-
schen Unterabteilung oder Re-
gierungsbehörde der Vereinigten 
Staaten oder darin erhoben wird, 
weil ein Inhaber eine kontrollierte 
ausländische Körperschaft ist, 
die eine verwandte Person im 
Sinne von § 864(d)(4) des Inter-
nal Revenue Code in Bezug auf 
die Emittentin ist; oder 
(k) 
any tax imposed on interest by 
the United States or any political 
subdivision or governmental au-
thority thereof or therein by rea-
son of any Holder being a bank 
extending credit pursuant to a 
loan agreement entered into in 
the ordinary course of its trade or 
business; or 
 
(k) 
jede Steuer, die von den Verei-
nigten Staaten oder einer politi-
schen Unterabteilung oder Re-
gierungsbehörde der Vereinigten 
Staaten oder darin erhoben wird, 
weil ein Inhaber eine Bank ist, die 
einen Kredit gemäß einem Kre-
ditvertrag gewährt, der im norma-
len 
Geschäftsverkehr 
abge-
schlossen wurde; oder 
(l) 
any combination of items (a)-(k);   
(l) 
jegliche Kombination der Absätze 
(a)-(k).  
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with 
respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder 
who is a fiduciary or partnership or who is 
other than the sole beneficial owner of such 
payment to the extent such payment would be 
required by the laws of the Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction(s) to be included in the income, for 
tax purposes, of a beneficiary or settlor with 
respect to such fiduciary or a member of such 
partnership or a beneficial owner who would 
not have been entitled to such Additional 
Amounts had such beneficiary, settlor, mem-
ber or beneficial owner been the Holder of the 
Note.] 
 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im 
Hinblick auf Zahlungen auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen an einen Gläubiger gezahlt, wel-
cher die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder Perso-
nengesellschaft oder als sonstiger nicht allei-
niger wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer erhält, so-
weit nach den Gesetzen der Relevanten Steu-
erjurisdiktion(en) eine solche Zahlung für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begüns-
tigten bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermö-
gens oder dem Gesellschafter der Personen-
gesellschaft zugerechnet würde, der jeweils 
selbst nicht zum Erhalt von Zusätzlichen Be-
trägen berechtigt gewesen wäre, wenn der Be-
günstigte, Gründer eines Treuhandvermö-
gens, Gesellschafter oder wirtschaftliche Ei-
gentümer unmittelbarer Gläubiger der Schuld-
verschreibungen wäre.]

--- Page 211 ---
211 
For the avoidance of doubt: No Additional 
Amounts will be paid with respect to German 
capital gains tax (Kapitalertragsteuer), includ-
ing withholding tax (Abgeltungsteuer), to be 
deducted or withheld pursuant to the German 
Income Tax Act, even if the deduction or with-
holding has to be made by the Issuer or its rep-
resentative, and the German Solidarity Sur-
charge (Solidaritätszuschlag) or any other tax 
which may substitute the German capital gains 
tax (Kapitalertragsteuer) or solidarity sur-
charge (Solidaritätszuschlag), as the case 
may be. 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Keine Zusätzlichen Beträge 
werden gezahlt in Bezug auf die deutsche Ka-
pitalertragsteuer (inklusive der sog. Abgel-
tungsteuer), die nach dem deutschen Einkom-
mensteuergesetz abgezogen oder einbehal-
ten wird, auch wenn der Abzug oder Einbehalt 
durch die Emittentin oder ihren Vertreter vor-
zunehmen ist, und den deutschen Solidaritäts-
zuschlag oder jede andere Steuer, welche die 
deutsche Kapitalertragsteuer bzw. den Solida-
ritätszuschlag ersetzen sollte. 
§ 8 
(PRESENTATION PERIOD) 
 
§ 8 
(VORLEGUNGSFRIST) 
The presentation period provided in sec-
tion 801(1), sentence 1 of the German Civil 
Code (Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) is reduced to 
ten years for the Notes. 
 
Die in § 801 Abs. 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist wird für die Schuldverschrei-
bungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
(EVENTS OF DEFAULT) 
 
§ 9 
(KÜNDIGUNG) 
(1) 
Events of default. 
 
(1) 
Kündigungsgründe. 
Each Holder shall be entitled to declare 
due and payable by notice to the Fiscal 
Agent its entire claims arising from the 
Notes and demand immediate redemp-
tion thereof at the principal amount to-
gether with accrued interest (if any) to 
(but excluding) the date of repayment, 
in the event that: 
 
Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine 
sämtlichen 
Forderungen 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen durch Kündi-
gung gegenüber der Emissionsstelle 
fällig zu stellen und die unverzügliche 
Rückzahlung zum Nennbetrag, zuzüg-
lich etwaiger bis zum Tag der Rückzah-
lung (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener Zin-
sen zu verlangen, falls: 
(a) 
the Issuer fails to pay principal or 
interest under the Notes within 30 
days from the relevant due date, 
or 
 
(a) 
die Emittentin auf die Schuldver-
schreibungen Kapital oder Zin-
sen nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach dem betreffenden Fällig-
keitstag zahlt; oder 
(b) 
the Issuer fails to duly perform 
any other material obligation aris-
ing from the Notes and such fail-
ure continues unremedied for 
more than 60 days after the Fis-
cal Agent has received a request 
thereof in the manner set forth in 
§ 9(3) from a Holder to perform 
such obligation; or 
 
(b) 
die Emittentin die ordnungsge-
mäße Erfüllung irgendeiner an-
deren wesentlichen Verpflichtung 
aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
unterlässt und die Unterlassung 
jeweils länger als 60 Tage fort-
dauert, nachdem die Emissions-
stelle eine Aufforderung in der in 
§ 9(3) vorgesehenen Art und 
Weise 
von 
dem 
Gläubiger

--- Page 212 ---
212 
erhalten hat, die Verpflichtung zu 
erfüllen; oder 
(c) 
any Capital Market Indebtedness 
of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries becomes prema-
turely repayable as a result of a 
default in respect of the terms 
thereof, or the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries fails to fulfill 
any payment obligation in excess 
of EUR 75,000,000 or the equiv-
alent thereof under any Capital 
Market Indebtedness or under 
any guarantees or suretyships 
given for any Capital Market In-
debtedness of others within 30 
days from its due date or, in the 
case of such guarantee or sure-
tyship, within 30 days of such 
guarantee or suretyship being in-
voked, unless the Issuer or the 
relevant Material Subsidiary con-
tests in good faith that such pay-
ment obligation exists or is due or 
that such guarantee or suretyship 
has been validly invoked or if a 
security granted therefor is en-
forced on behalf of or by the cred-
itor(s) entitled thereto; or 
 
(c) 
eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
der Emittentin oder einer ihrer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesell-
schaften vorzeitig zahlbar wird 
aufgrund einer Pflichtverletzung 
aus dem dieser Kapitalmarktver-
bindlichkeit zugrunde liegenden 
Vertrag oder die Emittentin oder 
eine ihrer Wesentlichen Tochter-
gesellschaften eine Zahlungsver-
pflichtung in Höhe oder im Ge-
genwert 
von 
mehr 
als 
EUR 75.000.000 aus einer Kapi-
talmarktverbindlichkeit oder auf-
grund einer Bürgschaft oder Ga-
rantie, die für Kapitalmarktver-
bindlichkeiten Dritter gegeben 
wurde, nicht innerhalb von 30 Ta-
gen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im 
Fall einer Bürgschaft oder Garan-
tie nicht innerhalb von 30 Tagen 
nach Inanspruchnahme aus die-
ser Bürgschaft oder Garantie er-
füllt, es sei denn, die Emittentin 
oder die betreffende Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft bestreitet in 
gutem Glauben, dass diese Zah-
lungsverpflichtung besteht oder 
fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie berechtigterweise 
geltend gemacht wird, oder falls 
eine für solche Verbindlichkeiten 
bestellte Sicherheit für die oder 
von den daraus berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genom-
men wird; oder 
(d) 
the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries announces its inabil-
ity to meet its financial obligations 
or ceases its payments generally; 
or 
 
(d) 
die Emittentin oder eine ihrer We-
sentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
gibt ihre Zahlungsunfähigkeit be-
kannt oder stellt ihre Zahlungen 
ein; oder 
(e) 
a court opens insolvency pro-
ceedings against the Issuer and 
such proceedings are instituted 
and have not been discharged or 
stayed within 90 days, or the Is-
suer applies for or institutes such 
proceedings; or 
 
(e) 
ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfah-
ren gegen die Emittentin eröffnet, 
und ein solches Verfahren einge-
leitet und nicht innerhalb von 90 
Tagen aufgehoben oder ausge-
setzt worden ist, oder die Emit-
tentin 
die 
Eröffnung 
eines

--- Page 213 ---
213 
solchen Verfahrens beantragt 
oder einleitet; oder 
(f) 
the Issuer enters into liquidation 
unless this is done in connection 
with a merger or other form of 
combination with another com-
pany and such company as-
sumes all obligations contracted 
by the Issuer in connection with 
the Notes. 
 
(f) 
die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, 
es sei denn, dies geschieht im 
Zusammenhang mit einer Ver-
schmelzung oder einer anderen 
Form des Zusammenschlusses 
mit einer anderen Gesellschaft 
und die andere oder neue Gesell-
schaft übernimmt alle Verpflich-
tungen, die die Emittentin im Zu-
sammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen eingegangen ist. 
Material Subsidiary means any Sub-
sidiary of the Issuer which: 
 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft be-
zeichnet eine Tochtergesellschaft der 
Emittentin: 
(a) 
has unconsolidated EBITDA rep-
resenting 5% or more of the 
EBITDA of the Issuer and its sub-
sidiaries on a consolidated basis; 
or 
 
(a) 
deren unkonsolidiertes EBITDA 
5% oder mehr des EBITDA der 
Emittentin und ihrer Tochterge-
sellschaften auf einer konsolidier-
ten Basis darstellt, oder  
(b) 
has unconsolidated gross assets 
representing 5% or more of the 
gross assets of the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries on a consolidated 
basis,  
 
(b) 
deren unkonsolidiertes Bruttover-
mögen 5% oder mehr des Brutto-
vermögens der Emittentin und ih-
rer Tochtergesellschaften auf ei-
ner konsolidierten Basis darstellt,  
in each case as determined by refer-
ence to the latest audited consolidated 
financial statements prepared in ac-
cordance with IFRS Accounting Stand-
ards. 
 
in allen Fällen bestimmt nach dem letz-
ten geprüften Konzernabschluss, der in 
Übereinstimmung mit IFRS Accounting 
Standards erstellt wurden. 
EBITDA means operating income plus 
depreciation and amortization and is de-
rived from the operating income deter-
mined 
in 
accordance 
with 
IFRS 
Accounting Standards. 
 
EBITDA entspricht dem Operativen Er-
gebnis zuzüglich Abschreibungen und 
wird von dem nach IFRS Accounting 
Standards ermittelten Operativen Er-
gebnis abgeleitet. 
(2) 
No Termination. 
 
(2) 
Keine Kündigung. 
The right to declare Notes due shall ter-
minate if the situation giving rise to it has 
been cured before the right is exercised. 
No event or circumstance other than an 
event specified in § 9(1) shall entitle 
Holders to declare their Notes due and 
payable prior to their stated maturity 
save as expressly provided for in these 
 
Das Kündigungsrecht erlischt, falls der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des 
Rechts geheilt wurde. Vorbehaltlich an-
wendbaren zwingenden Rechts berech-
tigen andere Ereignisse oder Umstände 
als die in § 9(1) genannten den Gläubi-
ger nicht dazu, seine Schuldverschrei-
bungen vorzeitig zur Rückzahlung fällig 
zu stellen, es sei denn, dies ist

--- Page 214 ---
214 
Terms and Conditions and subject to 
applicable mandatory law. 
ausdrücklich in diesen Emissionsbedin-
gungen bestimmt. 
(3) 
Notice. 
 
(3) 
Kündigungserklärung. 
Any default notice in accordance with 
§ 9(1) shall be made at least in text form 
(section 126b of the German Civil Code, 
Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) to the speci-
fied office of the Fiscal Agent together 
with evidence by means of a certificate 
of the Holder's Custodian (as defined in 
§ [13][14](3)) that such Holder, at the 
time of such notice, is a holder of the rel-
evant Notes. 
 
Eine 
Kündigungserklärung 
gemäß 
§ 9(1) hat in der Weise zu erfolgen, 
dass der Gläubiger bei der angegebe-
nen Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
eine entsprechende Erklärung zumin-
dest in Textform (§ 126 Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) übergibt und dabei durch 
eine Bescheinigung seiner Depotbank 
(wie in § [13][14](3) definiert) nach-
weist, dass er die betreffenden Schuld-
verschreibungen zum Zeitpunkt der Er-
klärung hält. 
(4) 
Quorum. 
 
(4) 
Quorum.  
In the events specified in subparagraph 
(1)(b) and/or (1)(c) of this § 9, any notice 
declaring Notes due shall, unless at the 
time such notice is received any of the 
events specified in subparagraph (1)(a) 
and (1)(d) through (1)(f) of this § 9 enti-
tling Holders to declare their Notes due 
has occurred, become effective only 
when the Fiscal Agent has received 
such default notices from the Holders 
representing at least 25% of the aggre-
gate principal amount of Notes then out-
standing. 
 
In den Fällen gemäß Absatz (1)(b) 
und/oder (1)(c) dieses § 9 wird eine 
Kündigungserklärung, sofern nicht bei 
deren Eingang zugleich einer der in Ab-
satz (1)(a) und (1)(d) bis (1)(f) dieses 
§ 9 bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe 
vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn bei der 
Emissionsstelle 
Kündigungserklärun-
gen von Gläubigern im Nennbetrag von 
mindestens 25% des Gesamtnennbe-
trages der zu diesem Zeitpunkt noch 
insgesamt ausstehenden Schuldver-
schreibungen eingegangen sind. 
§ 10 
(SUBSTITUTION) 
 
§ 10 
(ERSETZUNG) 
(1) 
Substitution. 
 
(1) 
Ersetzung 
The Issuer (reference to which shall al-
ways include any previous Substitute 
Debtor (as defined below)) may, at any 
time, if no payment of principal of or in-
terest on any of the Notes is in default, 
without the consent of the Holders, sub-
stitute for the Issuer any Affiliate (as de-
fined below) of the Issuer as the princi-
pal debtor in respect of all obligations 
arising from or in connection with the 
Notes (any such company, the Substi-
tute Debtor), provided that: 
 
Die Emittentin (wobei eine Bezug-
nahme auf die Emittentin auch alle 
früheren 
Nachfolgeschuldner 
(wie 
nachfolgend definiert) umfasst) ist je-
derzeit berechtigt, wenn kein Zahlungs-
verzug hinsichtlich Kapital oder Zinsen 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt, 
ohne weitere Zustimmung der Gläubi-
ger ein mit der Emittentin verbundenes 
Unternehmen (wie nachfolgend defi-
niert) an ihrer Stelle als Hauptschuldne-
rin (ein solches Unternehmen ist die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin) für alle Ver-
pflichtungen 
aus 
und 
im

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuldver-
schreibungen einzusetzen, vorausge-
setzt, dass: 
(a) 
the Substitute Debtor assumes 
all obligations of the Issuer in re-
spect of the Notes and is in a po-
sition to fulfill all payment obliga-
tions arising from or in connection 
with the Notes in the Specified 
Currency without, subject to sub-
paragraph (e) below, the neces-
sity of any taxes or duties levied 
by the country or jurisdiction in 
which the Substitute Debtor is 
domiciled (other than taxes which 
would also be levied in the ab-
sence of such substitution) to be 
withheld or deducted at source 
and to transfer all amounts which 
are required therefore to the Pay-
ing 
Agent 
without 
any 
re-
strictions, and that in particular all 
necessary authorizations to this 
effect by any competent authority 
have been obtained, and, to the 
extent service of process must be 
effected to the Substitute Debtor 
outside of Germany, a service of 
process agent in Germany is ap-
pointed; 
 
(a) 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang mit den Schuld-
verschreibungen rechtswirksam 
übernimmt und sie sämtliche sich 
aus oder im Zusammenhang mit 
den Schuldverschreibungen er-
gebenden Zahlungsverpflichtun-
gen in der Festgelegten Währung 
ohne die Notwendigkeit (vorbe-
haltlich Absatz (e)) einer Einbe-
haltung an der Quelle oder des 
Abzugs irgendwelcher Steuern 
oder Abgaben in dem Land oder 
Hoheitsgebiet, in dem die Nach-
folgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz hat 
(mit Ausnahme von Steuern, die 
auch angefallen wären, wäre die 
Ersetzung nicht erfolgt), erfüllen 
sowie die hierzu erforderlichen 
Beträge ohne Beschränkungen 
an die Zahlstelle transferieren 
kann und sie insbesondere jede 
hierfür notwendige Genehmigung 
der Behörden ihres Landes erhal-
ten hat, und, sofern eine Zustel-
lung an die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
außerhalb von Deutschland erfol-
gen müsste, ein Zustellungsbe-
vollmächtigter in Deutschland be-
stellt wird; 
(b) 
the Issuer (provided that it is the 
issuer of the Notes at the time of 
such substitution) irrevocably and 
unconditionally guarantees (the 
Substitution Guarantee) in fa-
vor of each Holder the payment 
of all sums payable by the Substi-
tute Debtor in respect of the 
Notes on market standard terms; 
 
(b) 
die Emittentin (vorausgesetzt, 
dass diese zum Zeitpunkt der Er-
setzung Emittentin der Schuld-
verschreibungen ist) unwiderruf-
lich und unbedingt gegenüber 
den Gläubigern die Zahlung aller 
von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren Beträge zu marktübli-
chen Bedingungen garantiert (die 
Ersetzungsgarantie); 
(c) 
the Substitute Debtor and the Is-
suer have obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory ap-
provals and consents for such 
substitution and for the giving by 
the Issuer of the Substitution 
Guarantee in respect of the 
 
(c) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und die 
Emittentin alle für die Ersetzung 
und die Abgabe der Ersetzungs-
garantie von der Emittentin not-
wendigen Genehmigungen und 
Einverständniserklärungen 
von 
Regierungsstellen 
und

--- Page 216 ---
216 
obligations of the Substitute 
Debtor, that the Substitute Debtor 
has obtained all necessary gov-
ernmental and regulatory approv-
als and consents for the perfor-
mance by the Substitute Debtor 
of its obligations under the Notes, 
and that all such approvals and 
consents are in full force and ef-
fect and that the obligations as-
sumed by the Substitute Debtor 
and the Substitution Guarantee 
given by the Issuer are each valid 
and binding in accordance with 
their respective terms and en-
forceable by each Holder; 
Aufsichtsbehörden erhalten ha-
ben, die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle für die Erfüllung ihrer Ver-
pflichtungen aus den Schuldver-
schreibungen notwendigen Ge-
nehmigungen und Einverständ-
niserklärungen von Regierungs-
stellen und Aufsichtsbehörden 
erhalten hat und weiterhin sämtli-
che dieser Genehmigungen und 
Einverständniserklärungen in vol-
lem Umfang gültig und wirksam 
sind und zudem die Verpflichtun-
gen der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
und die von der Emittentin bege-
bene Ersetzungsgarantie gemäß 
ihren Bestimmungen wirksam 
und rechtsverbindlich und durch 
jeden Gläubiger durchsetzbar 
sind; 
(d) 
§ 9 shall be deemed to be 
amended so that it shall also be 
an Event of Default under such 
provision if the Substitution Guar-
antee shall cease to be valid or 
binding on or enforceable against 
the Issuer; 
 
(d) 
§ 9 dergestalt als ergänzt gilt, 
dass ein zusätzlicher Kündi-
gungsgrund unter dieser Bestim-
mung der Wegfall der Wirksam-
keit, Rechtsverbindlichkeit oder 
Durchsetzbarkeit 
der 
Erset-
zungsgarantie gegen die Emit-
tentin ist; 
(e) 
the Substitute Debtor undertakes 
to reimburse any Holder for such 
taxes, fees or duties which may 
be imposed upon such Holder in 
connection with any payments on 
the Notes (including taxes or du-
ties being deducted or withheld at 
source), upon conversion or oth-
erwise, as a consequence of the 
assumption of the Issuer's obliga-
tions by the Substitute Debtor, 
provided that such undertaking 
shall be limited to amounts that 
would not have been imposed 
upon the Holder had such substi-
tution not occurred; and 
 
(e) 
die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich 
verpflichtet, jedem Gläubiger alle 
Steuern, Gebühren oder Abga-
ben zu erstatten, die ihm im Zu-
sammenhang mit Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen (ein-
schließlich Steuern und Abga-
ben, die an der Quelle abgeführt 
oder einbehalten wurden), durch 
den Schuldnerwechsel oder in 
anderer 
Weise 
infolge 
der 
Schuldübernahme 
durch 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auferlegt 
werden, vorausgesetzt, dass sich 
die Verpflichtung auf Beträge be-
schränkt, die der Gläubiger ohne 
die Ersetzung der Emittentin 
nicht hätte tragen müssen; und  
(f) 
there shall have been delivered 
to the Fiscal Agent one opinion 
for each jurisdiction affected of 
lawyers of recognized standing to 
the effect that subparagraphs (a) 
 
(f) 
der Emissionsstelle jeweils ein 
Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der 
betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von anerkannten Rechtsanwäl-
ten vorgelegt wurden, die bestäti-
gen, dass die Bestimmungen in

--- Page 217 ---
217 
through (e) above have been sat-
isfied. 
den vorstehenden Unterabsätzen 
(a) bis (e) erfüllt wurden. 
For purposes of this § 10, Affiliate shall 
mean any affiliated company (verbun-
denes Unternehmen) within the mean-
ing of sections 15 et seqq. of the Ger-
man Stock Corporation Act (Aktieng-
esetz) held by the Issuer. 
 
Für Zwecke dieses § 10 bedeutet ver-
bundenes Unternehmen jedes von der 
Emittentin gehaltene verbundene Un-
ternehmen im Sinne der §§ 15 ff. Akti-
engesetz. 
(2) 
Discharge from Obligations. Refer-
ences. 
 
(2) 
Schuldbefreiung. Bezugnahmen. 
Upon a substitution in accordance with 
this § 10, the Substitute Debtor shall be 
deemed to be named in the Notes as 
the principal debtor in place of the Is-
suer as issuer and the Notes shall there-
upon be deemed to be amended to give 
effect to the substitution including that 
the relevant jurisdiction in relation to the 
Issuer in § 7 shall be the Substitute 
Debtor's country of domicile for tax pur-
poses. Furthermore, in the event of 
such substitution, in § 7and § 5(2) an al-
ternative reference to the Federal Re-
public of Germany shall be deemed to 
have been included in addition to the 
reference according to the preceding 
sentence to the country of domicile or 
residence for taxation purposes of the 
Substitute Debtor. 
 
Nach einer Ersetzung gemäß dieses 
§ 10 gilt die Nachfolgeschuldnerin als in 
den Schuldverschreibungen an Stelle 
der Emittentin als Hauptschuldnerin be-
stimmt und die Schuldverschreibungen 
gelten als dementsprechend ergänzt, 
um der Ersetzung zur Durchsetzung zu 
verhelfen, und als die relevante Steuer-
jurisdiktion in Bezug auf § 7 gilt die Ju-
risdiktion, in der die Nachfolgeschuldne-
rin steuerlich ansässig ist. Des Weiteren 
gilt im Fall einer Ersetzung in § 7 und 
§ 5(2) eine alternative Bezugnahme auf 
die Bundesrepublik Deutschland als 
aufgenommen (zusätzlich zu der Be-
zugnahme nach Maßgabe des vorste-
henden Satzes auf das Land, in dem die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz hat). 
Any such substitution, together with the 
notice referred to in subparagraph (3) 
below, shall, in the case of the substitu-
tion of any other company as principal 
debtor, operate to release the Issuer as 
issuer from all of its obligations as prin-
cipal debtor in respect of the Notes. 
 
Jede Ersetzung zusammen mit der Mit-
teilung gemäß Absatz (3) dieser Bestim-
mung befreit, im Fall der Einsetzung ei-
ner anderen Gesellschaft als Haupt-
schuldnerin, die Emittentin von allen 
Verbindlichkeiten, die sie als Haupt-
schuldnerin unter den Schuldverschrei-
bungen hatte. 
(3) 
Notification to Holders. 
 
(3) 
Benachrichtigung der Gläubiger. 
Not later than 15 Payment Business 
Days after effecting the substitution, the 
Substitute Debtor shall give notice 
thereof to the Holders and, if any Notes 
are listed on any stock exchange, to 
such stock exchange in accordance 
with § 12 and to any other person or au-
thority as required by applicable laws or 
regulations. 
 
Spätestens 15 Zahltage nach Durchfüh-
rung der Ersetzung wird die Nachfolge-
schuldnerin dies den Gläubigern und, 
sollten die Schuldverschreibungen an 
einer Börse notiert sein, dieser Börse 
gemäß § 12 mitteilen und jede andere 
Person oder Stelle, gemäß den an-
wendbaren Gesetzen und Regelungen 
informieren.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
§ 11 
(FURTHER ISSUES, PURCHASES AND 
CANCELLATION) 
 
§ 11 
(BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN, ANKAUF 
UND ENTWERTUNG) 
(1) 
Further Issues. 
 
(1) 
Begebung weiterer Schuldverschrei-
bungen. 
The Issuer may from time to time, with-
out the consent of the Holders, issue 
further Notes having the same terms 
and conditions as the Notes of this se-
ries in all respects (or in all respects ex-
cept for the issue date, interest com-
mencement date and/or the issue price) 
so as to form a single series with the 
Notes of this series. 
 
Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung 
der Gläubiger weitere Schuldverschrei-
bungen begeben, die in jeder Hinsicht 
(gegebenenfalls mit Ausnahme des 
Tags der Begebung, des Zinslaufbe-
ginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) 
die gleichen Bedingungen wie die 
Schuldverschreibungen dieser Serie 
haben und die zusammen mit den 
Schuldverschreibungen dieser Serie 
eine einheitliche Gesamtemission bil-
den. 
(2) 
Purchases. 
 
(2) 
Ankauf. 
The Issuer may at any time purchase 
Notes in the open market or otherwise 
and at any price. Notes purchased by 
the Issuer may, at the option of the Is-
suer, be held, resold or surrendered to 
the Fiscal Agent for cancellation. If pur-
chases are made by tender, tenders for 
such Notes must be made available to 
all Holders of such Notes alike. 
 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen im Markt oder 
anderweitig zu jedem beliebigen Preis 
zu kaufen. Die von der Emittentin erwor-
benen Schuldverschreibungen können 
nach Wahl der Emittentin von ihr gehal-
ten, weiterverkauft oder bei der Emissi-
onsstelle zwecks Entwertung einge-
reicht werden. Sofern diese Käufe durch 
öffentliches Angebot erfolgen, muss 
dieses Angebot allen Gläubigern ge-
macht werden. 
(3) 
Cancellation. 
 
(3) 
Entwertung. 
All Notes redeemed in full shall be can-
celled forthwith and may not be reis-
sued or resold. 
 
Sämtliche vollständig zurückgezahlten 
Schuldverschreibungen sind unverzüg-
lich zu entwerten und können nicht wie-
derbegeben oder wiederverkauft wer-
den. 
§ 12 
(NOTICES) 
 
§ 12 
(MITTEILUNGEN) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change and admitted to trading on the reg-
ulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
amtlichen Kursblatt (official list) der Lu-
xemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel 
am regulierten Markt der Luxemburger 
Börse zugelassen sind, ist folgendes an-
wendbar:

--- Page 219 ---
219 
(1) 
Publication. 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
As long as the Notes are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (and as long as the 
rules and regulations of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange so require), all 
notices concerning the Notes will be 
made by means of electronic publica-
tion on the internet website of the Lux-
embourg 
Stock 
Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Any notice will be 
deemed to have been validly given on 
the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than 
once, on the third day following the date 
of the first such publication). 
 
Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
amtlichen Kursblatt (official list) der Lu-
xemburger Börse notiert und zum Han-
del am regulierten Markt der Luxembur-
ger Börse zugelassen sind (und die Vor-
schriften der Luxemburger Börse dies 
verlangen), sind alle die Schuldver-
schreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger 
Börse (www.luxse.com) zu veröffentli-
chen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit 
dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag der Ver-
öffentlichung (oder bei mehreren Veröf-
fentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag nach 
dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentli-
chung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change and admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange otherwise so 
permit, the Issuer may deliver the rele-
vant notice to the Clearing System for 
communication by the Clearing System 
to the Holders, in lieu of publication as 
set forth in subparagraph (1) above; any 
such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the seventh day after the 
day on which the said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.] 
 
Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
amtlichen Kursblatt (official list) der Lu-
xemburger Börse notiert und zum Han-
del am regulierten Markt der Luxembur-
ger Börse zugelassen sind, sind alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen gemäß Absatz (1) be-
kanntzumachen. Soweit die Regeln der 
Luxemburger Börse dies zulassen, 
kann die Emittentin eine Veröffentli-
chung nach Absatz 1 durch eine Mittei-
lung an das Clearing System zur Wei-
terleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; 
jede derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten 
Tag nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed 
on a stock exchange other than the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die an einer anderen Börse als im 
amtlichen Kursblatt (official list) der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(1) 
Publication. 
 
(1) 
Bekanntmachung. 
All notices concerning the Notes will be 
made by means of electronic publica-
tion on the internet website of the stock 
exchange with respect to which the Is-
suer applied for listing of the Notes, as 
long as the Notes are listed on such 
stock exchange and if the rules of such 
 
Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betref-
fenden Mitteilungen sind auf der Inter-
netseite der Börse, an der die Emittentin 
das Listing der Notes veranlasst hat, zu 
veröffentlichen, solange die Schuldver-
schreibungen an dieser Börse notiert 
sind und die Regeln dieser Börse dies

--- Page 220 ---
220 
stock exchange so permit. Any such no-
tice will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the third day following the date 
of such publication (or, if published 
more than once, on the third day follow-
ing the date of the first such publication). 
zulassen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt 
mit dem dritten Tag nach dem Tag der 
Veröffentlichung (oder bei mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der ersten solchen Ver-
öffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) 
Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) 
Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on such 
a stock exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. If the rules of such stock ex-
change otherwise so permit, the Issuer 
may deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Holders, in 
lieu of publication as set forth in subpar-
agraph (1) above; any such notice shall 
be deemed to have been given on the 
seventh day after the day on which the 
said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
 
Solange 
Schuldverschreibungen 
an 
dieser Börse notiert sind, sind alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen gemäß Absatz (1) be-
kanntzumachen. Soweit die Regeln die-
ser Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emit-
tentin eine Veröffentlichung nach Ab-
satz (1) durch eine Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System zur Weiterleitung an 
die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede derartige 
Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach dem 
Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing Sys-
tem als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are un-
listed the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die nicht an einer Börse notiert sind, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
The Issuer will deliver all notices to the 
Clearing System for communication by 
the Clearing System to the Holders. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Holders on the sev-
enth day after the day on which the said 
notice was given to the Clearing Sys-
tem.] 
 
Die Emittentin wird alle die Schuldver-
schreibungen betreffenden Mitteilungen 
an das Clearing System zur Weiterlei-
tung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Mitteilung an das 
Clearing System als den Gläubigern 
mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes that provide for 
Resolutions of Holders the following 
applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, 
die Beschlüsse der Gläubiger vorse-
hen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION OF THE 
HOLDERS, HOLDERS' REPRESENTATIVE 
 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH 
BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(1) 
Majority resolutions pursuant to the 
German Act on Issues of Debt Securi-
ties. 
 
(1) 
Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
nach 
dem 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz. 
The Holders may with consent of the Is-
suer (if required) by a majority resolu-
tion pursuant to sections 5 et seqq. of 
the German Act on Issues of Debt Se-
curities 
(Gesetz 
über 
 
Die Gläubiger können mit Zustimmung 
der Emittentin (soweit erforderlich) auf-
grund 
Mehrheitsbeschlusses 
nach 
Maßgabe der §§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus

--- Page 221 ---
221 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen) (the SchVG), as 
amended from time to time, agree to 
amendments of the Terms and Condi-
tions or resolve any other matters pro-
vided for by the SchVG. In particular, 
the Holders may consent to amend-
ments which materially change the sub-
stance of the Terms and Conditions, in-
cluding such measures as provided for 
under section 5(3) of the SchVG by res-
olutions passed by such majority of the 
votes of the Holders as stated under 
§ 13(2) below. A duly passed majority 
resolution shall be binding upon all 
Holders. 
Gesamtemissionen (das SchVG) in sei-
ner jeweils gültigen Fassung die Emis-
sionsbedingungen ändern oder sons-
tige Maßnahmen gemäß dem SchVG 
beschließen. Die Gläubiger können ins-
besondere einer Änderung wesentlicher 
Inhalte der Emissionsbedingungen, ein-
schließlich der in § 5 Abs. 3 SchVG vor-
gesehenen Maßnahmen durch Be-
schlüsse mit den in dem nachstehenden 
§ 13(2) genannten Mehrheiten zustim-
men. Ein ordnungsgemäß gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss ist für alle Gläubi-
ger verbindlich. 
(2) 
Majority. 
 
(2) 
Mehrheit. 
Except as provided by the following 
sentence and provided that the quorum 
requirements are being met, the Hold-
ers may pass resolutions by simple ma-
jority of the voting rights participating in 
the vote. Resolutions which materially 
change the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions, in particular in the cases of 
section 5(3) numbers 1 through 9 
SchVG, or relating to material other 
matters may only be passed by a major-
ity of at least 75% of the voting rights 
participating in the vote (a Qualified 
Majority). 
 
Vorbehaltlich des nachstehenden Sat-
zes und der Erreichung der erforderli-
chen Beschlussfähigkeit, beschließen 
die Gläubiger mit der einfachen Mehr-
heit der an der Abstimmung teilnehmen-
den Stimmrechte. Beschlüsse, durch 
welche der wesentliche Inhalt der Emis-
sionsbedingungen, insbesondere in den 
Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nummern 1 bis 9 
SchVG, geändert wird, bedürfen zu ih-
rer Wirksamkeit einer Mehrheit von min-
destens 75% der an der Abstimmung 
teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine Qua-
lifizierte Mehrheit). 
(3) 
Passing of resolutions. 
 
(3) 
Beschlussfassung. 
The Holders can pass resolutions in a 
meeting (Gläubigerversammlung) in ac-
cordance with sections 5 et seqq. of the 
SchVG or by means of a vote without a 
meeting (Abstimmung ohne Versa-
mmlung) in accordance with section 18 
and sections 5 et seqq. of the SchVG. 
 
Die Gläubiger können Beschlüsse in ei-
ner Gläubigerversammlung gemäß §§ 5 
ff. SchVG oder im Wege einer Abstim-
mung ohne Versammlung gemäß § 18 
und §§ 5 ff. SchVG fassen. 
(4) 
Meeting. 
 
(4) 
Gläubigerversammlung. 
Attendance at the meeting and exercise 
of voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be re-
ceived at the address stated in the con-
vening notice no later than the third day 
preceding the meeting. As part of the 
registration, Holders must demonstrate 
their eligibility to participate in the vote 
 
Die Teilnahme an der Gläubigerver-
sammlung und die Ausübung der 
Stimmrechte ist von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhängig. 
Die Anmeldung muss unter der in der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mit-
geteilten Adresse spätestens am dritten 
Tag vor der Gläubigerversammlung zu-
gehen. Mit der Anmeldung müssen die

--- Page 222 ---
222 
in accordance with section 10(3) of the 
SchVG. 
Gläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur Teil-
nahme an der Abstimmung gemäß § 10 
Abs. 3 SchVG nachweisen. 
(5) 
Vote without a meeting. 
 
(5) 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung. 
Together with casting their votes Hold-
ers must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote in accordance 
with section 10(3) of the SchVG. 
 
Zusammen mit der Stimmabgabe müs-
sen die Gläubiger ihre Berechtigung zur 
Teilnahme an der Abstimmung gemäß 
§ 10 Abs. 3 SchVG nachweisen. 
(6) 
Second meeting. 
 
(6) 
Zweite Versammlung. 
If it is ascertained that no quorum exists 
for the meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or 
the vote without a meeting pursuant to 
§ 13(5), in case of a meeting the chair 
(Vorsitzender) may convene a second 
meeting in accordance with section 
15(3) sentence 2 of the SchVG or in 
case of a vote without a meeting the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) 
may 
convene a second meeting within the 
meaning of section 15 paragraph 3 sen-
tence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the 
second meeting and exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Holders' registra-
tion. The provisions set out in § 13(4) 
sentence 3 shall apply mutatis mutandis 
to the Holders' registration for a second 
meeting. 
 
Wird für die Gläubigerversammlung ge-
mäß § 13(4) oder die Abstimmung ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 13(5) die man-
gelnde Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, 
kann – im Fall der Gläubigerversamm-
lung – der Vorsitzende eine zweite Ver-
sammlung im Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 
Satz 2 SchVG und – im Fall der Abstim-
mung ohne Versammlung – der Abstim-
mungsleiter eine zweite Versammlung 
im Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 Satz 3 SchVG 
einberufen. Die Teilnahme an der zwei-
ten Versammlung und die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte sind von einer vorheri-
gen Anmeldung der Gläubiger abhän-
gig. Für die Anmeldung der Gläubiger 
zu einer zweiten Versammlung gilt 
§ 13(4) Satz 3 entsprechend. 
(7) 
Holders' Representative. 
 
(7) 
Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
[If no Holders' Representative is des-
ignated in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes the following applies: 
The Holders may by majority resolution 
provide for the appointment or dismissal 
of a joint representative (the Holders' 
Representative), the duties and re-
sponsibilities and the powers of such 
Holders' Representative, the transfer of 
the rights of the Holders to the Holders' 
Representative and a limitation of liabil-
ity of the Holders' Representative. 
§ 13(2) to (6) also apply to the resolution 
regarding the appointment of a Holders' 
Representative. Appointment of a Hold-
ers' Representative may only be passed 
by a Qualified Majority if such Holders' 
Representative is to be authorized to 
consent, in accordance with § 13(2) 
hereof, to a material change in the 
 
[Im Fall, dass kein Gemeinsamer Ver-
treter in den Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
be-
stimmt ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Die Gläubiger können durch Mehrheits-
beschluss einen gemeinsamen Vertre-
ter (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) be-
stellen oder abberufen und die Pflich-
ten, Aufgaben und Befugnisse des Ge-
meinsamen Vertreters, die Übertragung 
der Rechte der Gläubiger auf den Ge-
meinsamen Vertreter und eine Be-
schränkung der Haftung des Gemeinsa-
men Vertreters festlegen. Die § 13(2) 
bis (6) gelten auch für die Beschlussfas-
sung über die Bestellung eines Gemein-
samen Vertreters. Die Bestellung eines 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters bedarf einer 
Qualifizierten Mehrheit, wenn der Ge-
meinsame Vertreter befugt ist, Ände-
rungen des wesentlichen Inhalts der

--- Page 223 ---
223 
substance of the Terms and Conditions 
or other material matters.] 
Emissionsbedingungen oder sonstigen 
wesentlichen 
Maßnahmen 
gemäß 
§ 13(2) zuzustimmen.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is ap-
pointed in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, the following applies: 
The joint representative (the Holders' 
Representative) shall be [name, ad-
dress]. The Holders' Representative 
shall have the duties and responsibili-
ties and powers provided for by law. The 
liability of the Holders' Representative 
shall be limited to ten times of the 
amount of its annual remuneration, un-
less the Holders' Representative has 
acted willfully or with gross negligence. 
The provisions of the SchVG apply with 
respect to the dismissal of the Holders' 
Representative and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representa-
tive.] 
 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Ver-
treter in den Emissionsbedingungen 
bestimmt wird, ist folgendes an-
wendbar: Der gemeinsame Vertreter 
(der Gemeinsame Vertreter) ist [Name, 
Adresse]. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter 
hat die Pflichten und Verantwortlichkei-
ten und Rechte, die ihm von Gesetzes 
wegen zustehen. Die Haftung des Ge-
meinsamen Vertreters ist auf den zehn-
fachen Betrag seiner jährlichen Vergü-
tung begrenzt, es sei denn, der Gemein-
same Vertreter hat vorsätzlich oder grob 
fahrlässig gehandelt. Die Vorschriften 
des SchVG gelten im Hinblick auf die 
Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Vertre-
ters und die sonstigen Rechte und 
Pflichten des Gemeinsamen Vertre-
ters.] 
(8) 
Publication. 
 
(8) 
Veröffentlichung. 
Any notices concerning this § 13 shall 
be made exclusively pursuant to the 
provisions of the SchVG. 
 
Alle Bekanntmachungen diesen § 13 
betreffend erfolgen ausschließlich ge-
mäß den Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
§ [13][14] 
(APPLICABLE LAW, PLACE OF 
JURISDICTION AND ENFORCEMENT) 
 
§ [13][14] 
(ANWENDBARES RECHT, 
GERICHTSSTAND UND GERICHTLICHE 
GELTENDMACHUNG) 
(1) 
Applicable Law. 
 
(1) 
Anwendbares Recht. 
The Notes, as to form and content, and 
all rights and obligations of the Holders 
and the Issuer, shall be governed in 
every respect by German law. 
 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschrei-
bungen sowie die Rechte und Pflichten 
der Gläubiger und der Emittentin be-
stimmen sich in jeder Hinsicht nach 
deutschem Recht. 
(2) 
Place of Jurisdiction. 
 
(2) 
Gerichtsstand. 
Subject to any mandatory jurisdiction for 
specific proceedings under the SchVG, 
the District Court (Landgericht) in 
Frankfurt am Main shall have non-ex-
clusive jurisdiction for any action or 
other legal proceedings (Proceedings) 
arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes. 
 
Vorbehaltlich eines zwingenden Ge-
richtsstandes für besondere Rechts-
streitigkeiten im Zusammenhang mit 
dem SchVG, ist das Landgericht Frank-
furt am Main nicht ausschließlich zu-
ständig für sämtliche im Zusammen-
hang mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
entstehenden Klagen oder sonstige 
Verfahren (Rechtsstreitigkeiten).

--- Page 224 ---
224 
(3) 
Enforcement. 
 
(3) 
Gerichtliche Geltendmachung. 
Any Holder of Notes may in any pro-
ceedings against the Issuer or to which 
such Holder and the Issuer are parties, 
protect and enforce in his own name his 
rights arising under such Notes on the 
basis of (i) a statement issued by the 
Custodian with whom such Holder 
maintains a securities account in re-
spect of the Notes (a) stating the full 
name and address of the Holder, (b) 
specifying 
the 
aggregate 
principal 
amount of Notes credited to such secu-
rities account on the date of such state-
ment and (c) confirming that the Custo-
dian has given written notice to the 
Clearing System containing the infor-
mation pursuant to (a) and (b) which has 
been confirmed by the Clearing System; 
(ii) a copy of the Note in global form cer-
tified as being a true copy by a duly au-
thorized officer of the Clearing System 
or a depositary of the Clearing System, 
without the need for production in such 
proceedings of the actual records or the 
global note representing the Notes or 
(iii) any other means of proof permitted 
in legal proceedings in the country of 
enforcement. For purposes of the fore-
going, Custodian means any bank or 
other financial institution of recognized 
standing authorized to engage in secu-
rities custody business with which the 
Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of the Notes and which main-
tains an account with the Clearing Sys-
tem, and includes the Clearing System. 
Each Holder may, without prejudice to 
the foregoing, protect and enforce his 
rights under these Notes also in any 
other way which is admitted in the coun-
try of the Proceedings. 
 
Jeder Gläubiger von Schuldverschrei-
bungen ist berechtigt, in jedem Rechts-
streit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und 
die Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte 
aus diesen Schuldverschreibungen im 
eigenen Namen auf der folgenden 
Grundlage zu schützen oder geltend zu 
machen: (i) er bringt eine Bescheini-
gung der Depotbank bei, bei der er für 
die Schuldverschreibungen ein Wertpa-
pierdepot unterhält, welche (a) den voll-
ständigen Namen und die vollständige 
Adresse des Gläubigers enthält, (b) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
Schuldver-
schreibungen bezeichnet, die unter 
dem Datum der Bestätigung auf dem 
Wertpapierdepot verbucht sind und (c) 
bestätigt, dass die Depotbank gegen-
über dem Clearingsystem eine schriftli-
che Erklärung abgegeben hat, die die 
vorstehend unter (a) und (b) bezeichne-
ten Informationen enthält und einen Be-
stätigungsvermerk 
des 
Clearingsys-
tems trägt; (ii) er legt eine Kopie der die 
betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verbriefenden Globalurkunde vor, deren 
Übereinstimmung mit dem Original eine 
vertretungsberechtigte 
Person 
des 
Clearingsystems oder des Verwahrers 
des Clearingsystems bestätigt hat, 
ohne dass eine Vorlage der Originalbe-
lege oder der die Schuldverschreibun-
gen verbriefenden Globalurkunde in ei-
nem solchen Verfahren erforderlich 
wäre oder (iii) auf jede andere Weise, 
die im Lande der Geltendmachung pro-
zessual zulässig ist. Für die Zwecke des 
Vorstehenden bezeichnet Depotbank 
jede Bank oder ein sonstiges anerkann-
tes Finanzinstitut, das berechtigt ist, das 
Wertpapierverwahrungsgeschäft zu be-
treiben und bei der/dem der Gläubiger 
ein Wertpapierdepot für die Schuldver-
schreibungen unterhält und ein Konto 
beim Clearingsystem unterhält, ein-
schließlich des Clearingsystems. Jeder 
Gläubiger kann unbeschadet des Vor-
stehenden seine Rechte aus diesen 
Schuldverschreibungen auch auf jede 
andere 
Weise 
schützen 
und

--- Page 225 ---
225 
durchsetzen, die im Land des Verfah-
rens zulässig ist. 
§ [14][15] 
(LANGUAGE) 
 
§ [14][15] 
(SPRACHE) 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in 
the German language with an English lan-
guage translation, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deut-
scher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache abgefasst sind, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an Eng-
lish language translation. The German text 
shall be controlling and binding. The English 
language translation is provided for conven-
ience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deut-
scher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deut-
sche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist un-
verbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in 
the English language with a German lan-
guage translation, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in engli-
scher Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache abgefasst sind, ist fol-
gendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in engli-
scher Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in 
die deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der engli-
sche Text ist bindend und maßgeblich. Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist un-
verbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in 
the English language only, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen aus-
schließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
 
Diese 
Emissionsbedingungen 
sind 
aus-
schließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Notes are publicly offered in whole 
or in part in Germany or distributed in 
whole or in part to non-professional inves-
tors in Germany with English language 
Conditions, the following applies:  
 
 
Eine deutsche Übersetzung der Emissionsbe-
dingungen wird bei der Fresenius Medical 
Care AG, Else-Kröner-Straße 1, 61352 Bad 
Homburg v. d. Höhe, zur kostenlosen Aus-
gabe bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 226 ---
226 
VII. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as 
amended (MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (each 
a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. The Issuer is not a man-
ufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Rules.]23 
[MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck 
des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Richtlinie 
2014/65/EU des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 15. Mai 2014 über Märkte für Finanzinstrumente in der jeweils 
gültigen Fassung (MiFID II), umfasst; und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenpar-
teien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (jeweils ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Ziel-
markts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür ver-
antwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die 
Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebska-
näle zu bestimmen. Die Emittentin ist kein Konzepteur oder ein Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der MiFID II Bestimmungen 
zu Produktüberwachungspflichten.]24 
[UNITED KINGDOM (UK) MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK 
MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (each a UK 
Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK Distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. The Issuer is not a manufac-
turer or UK Distributor for the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.]25 
[VEREINIGTES KÖNIGREICH (VK) MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, 
dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien, im Sinne des Handbuchs der 
Finanzaufsicht des VK (Financial Conduct Authority – FCA) "Conduct of Business Sourcebook" (COBS), und professionelle 
Kunden, im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 Teil des Rechts des VK 
ist (VK MiFIR), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und 
 
23  
Include this legend if MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is professional investors and eligi-
ble counterparties only. 
24  
Diese Legende einfügen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben 
hat: ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden. 
25  
Include this legend if UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is professional investors and 
eligible counterparties only.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
professionelle Kunden angemessen sind [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldver-
schreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (jeweils ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts 
[des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem Handbuch der FCA "Product Interven-
tion and Product Governance Sourcebook" (VK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, 
seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme 
oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu be-
stimmen. Die Emittentin ist kein Konzepteur oder ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der UK MiFIR Bestimmungen zu 
Produktüberwachungspflichten.]26 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and 
retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets 
in financial instruments, as amended (MiFID II); EITHER27 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR28 [and (ii) all channels 
for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution 
of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and 
pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]] 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (each a Distrib-
utor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID 
II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].29 The Issuer is not a manufacturer or Distributor for 
the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.]30 
[MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN 
UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – aus-
schließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) 
der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden und Kleinanleger, jeweils im 
Sinne der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 15. Mai 2014 über Märkte für Finanzinstru-
mente in der jeweils gültigen Fassung (MiFID II), umfasst; ENTWEDER31 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldver-
schreibungen angemessen sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen] ODER32 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle In-
vestoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschrei-
bungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind - Anlageberatung[,/ und] Portfolio-Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung 
 
26  
Diese Legende einfügen, wenn VK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben 
hat: ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden. 
27  
Include for notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured 
deposits (ESMA/2015/1787) (the ESMA Guidelines). 
28  
Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for 
example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and ap-
propriateness will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to 
retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of appropriateness required under article 
25(3) of MiFID II. 
29  
If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary.  
30  
Include this legend if MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market." 
31  
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten 
Einlagen (ESMA/2015/1787) (die ESMA Leitlinien) ESMA komplex sind. 
32  
Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss 
gegebenenfalls an-gepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlagebe-
ratung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen 
"komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Kleinanlegern ohne Be-
stimmung der Angemessenheit nach Art. 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig.

--- Page 228 ---
228 
][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick 
auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Negative Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldver-
schreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (jeweils ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts 
[des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwort-
lich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Über-
nahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle[ 
nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf die Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessen-
heit]33, zu bestimmen. Die Emittentin ist kein Konzepteur oder ein Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der MiFID Bestimmungen 
zu Produktüberwachungspflichten.]34 
[UNITED KINGDOM (UK) MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER35 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]36] OR37 [and (ii) all chan-
nels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distri-
bution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales 
][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applica-
ble]] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (each a UK 
Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK Distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the UK Distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].38 The Issuer is not a manufacturer or UK Distributor for 
the purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.]39  
[VEREINIGTES KÖNIGREICH (VK) MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, 
PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – 
zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen Kleinanleger, im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 (EUWA) Teil des Rechts des VK ist und geeig-
nete Gegenparteien im Sinne des Handbuchs der Finanzaufsicht des VK (Financial Conduct Authority - FCA) "Conduct of 
Business Sourcebook" (COBS), und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch 
das EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist (VK MiFIR), umfasst; ENTWEDER40 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
 
33  
Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
34  
Legende einfügen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat 
"Zielmarkt Kleinanleger". 
35  
Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
36  
This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in 
COBS) where all channels of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA 
Guidelines. 
37  
Include for certain ESMA complex Notes (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be 
amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suit-
ability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not 
permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness. 
38  
If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to 
make the determination of appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be neces-
sary. 
39  
Include this legend if UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market." 
40  
Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im VK-Kontext, wie in COBS reflektiert).

--- Page 229 ---
229 
Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfoliomanagement, Verkäufe ohne Beratung und 
reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen]41] ODER42 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete 
Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind und (iii) die folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldver-
schreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind – Anlageberatung[,][ und] Portfolio-Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne Be-
ratung ][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hin-
blick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]]. [Negative Zielmärkte berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuld-
verschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (jeweils ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts 
[des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook Product Intervention 
and Product Governance Sourcebook (die VK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, 
seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme 
oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle [nach 
Maßgabe der Pflichten des VK Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]43, zu be-
stimmen.]] Die Emittentin ist kein Konzepteur oder ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der VK MiFIR Bestimmungen zu 
Produktüberwachungspflichten.]44 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
(EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (recast), as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a profes-
sional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). Con-
sequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products 
(PRIIPs), as amended (the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and, therefore, offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]45  
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – Die Schuldverschreibun-
gen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirt-
schaftsraum (EWR) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch 
nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger 
eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 
Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 
2016/97/EU (wie ergänzt oder ersetzt), soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 
10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parla-
ments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, die Prospektverordnung). Entsprechend wurde 
kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, die PRIIPs-Verordnung) 
 
41  
Diese Liste ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, insbesondere für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex 
sind (im VK-Kontext, wie in COBS reflektiert) und bei denen alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb angemessen sein können. 
Sie spiegelt die Liste wider, die in den Beispielen der ESMA Leitlinien verwendet wird. 
42  
Einfügen für bestimmte ESMA komplexe Schuldverschreibungen (im VK-Kontext, wie in COBS definiert). Diese 
Liste muss gegebenenfalls angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der 
Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschrei-
bungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Kleinanlegern 
ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. 
43  
Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von 
Kleinanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestim-
mung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit notwendig. 
44  
Diese Legende einsetzen, wenn VK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen erge-
ben hat "Zielmarkt Kleinanleger". 
45  
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales 
to EEA Retail Investors".

--- Page 230 ---
230 
erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldver-
schreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstel-
lung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]46 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, (as amended FSMA) and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of 
UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 47 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM VEREINIGTEN KÖNIGREICH – Die Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht 
zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich (VK) bestimmt 
und sollten Kleinanlegern im VK nicht angeboten, nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfü-
gung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder 
mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 
2017/565, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 (EUWA) Teil des Rechts des VK ist; (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne 
der Regelungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung (FSMA), und aller Vorschriften 
und Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen wurden, soweit dieser 
Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Abs. 1 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch 
EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 der Prospektverordnung ist, 
welche durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist. Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 1286/2014, welche 
durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist (die VK PRIIPs-Verordnung), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot 
oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im VK erstellt; daher 
kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im VK 
nach der VK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]48 
[Singapore – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the SFA) and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer has deter-
mined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice 
SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment 
Products).] 
[Singapur – In Verbindung mit Section 309B des Securities and Futures Act 2001 von Singapur (der SFA) und den Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 von Singapur (die CMP Regulations 2018), hat die Emittentin fest-
gestellt und benachrichtigt hiermit alle relevanten Personen (wie in Section 309A(1) des SFA definiert), dass es sich bei den 
Schuldverschreibungen um prescribed capital markets products (wie in den CMP Regulations 2018 definiert) und um Excluded 
Investment Products (wie in der MAS-Mitteilung SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products und der MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products definiert) handelt.] 
 
46  
Legende einzufügen, sofern in Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Euro-
päischen Wirtschaftsraum" für "anwendbar" erklärt wird. 
47 
Include this legend if "Applicable" is specified in Part II. C.4 of the Final Terms regarding item "Prohibition of Sales 
to UK Retail Investors". 
48  
Legende einzufügen, sofern in Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Ver-
einigten Königreich" für "anwendbar" erklärt wird.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
In case of Notes listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(Bourse de Luxembourg) or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (Luxembourg), the Final Terms of Notes will 
be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). In the case of Notes listed on any other 
stock exchange or publicly offered in one or more member states of the EEA other than Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be 
displayed on the website of Fresenius Medical Care (www.freseniusmedicalcare.com).

--- Page 232 ---
232 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
FINAL TERMS 
ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN 
Fresenius Medical Care AG 
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibung] 
Series: [•], Tranche [•] 
Serien: [•], Tranche [•] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on 
[date(s)] 
[die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert 
werden und eine einheitliche Serie bilden] 
issued pursuant to the  
begeben aufgrund des 
EUR 10,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Program 
Dated March 26, 2025 
vom 26. März 2025 
of  
der 
Fresenius Medical Care AG 
Issue Price: […] percent  
Ausgabepreis: […] % 
Issue Date […]49  
Begebungstag: […]50 
[The Issuer is not affiliated with the New York Fed. The New York Fed does not sanction, endorse, 
or recommend any products or services offered by the Issuer.]50 
[Die Emittentin steht nicht mit der New York Fed in Verbindung. Die New York Fed billigt, befürwor-
tet oder empfiehlt keine Produkte oder Dienstleistungen, die von der Emittentin angeboten wer-
den.]51 
 
 
49  
The Issue is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the 
delivery date.  
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier 
Lieferung ist der Tag der Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
50  
To be included whenever the name or acronym associated with SOFR in the name, title, or description of any 
product or service offered.  
Einzufügen, wenn der Name oder das Akronym in Verbindung mit dem SOFR im Namen, im Titel oder in der Be-
schreibung eines angebotenen Produkts oder einer Dienstleistung enthalten ist.

--- Page 233 ---
233 
Important Notice 
These are the Final Terms of an issue of Notes under the EUR 10,000,000,000 Debt Issuance 
Program of Fresenius Medical Care AG (the Program). These Final Terms have been prepared 
for the purpose of Article 8(5) in conjunction with Article 25(4) of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14, 2017, as amended, and must be read in 
conjunction with the base prospectus dated March 26, 2025 [as supplemented by [a] Supple-
ment[s] dated [•]] (the Prospectus). Full information on Fresenius Medical Care AG and the offer 
of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus and these Final 
Terms. The Prospectus and any supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
[A summary of the individual issue of the Notes is annexed to these Final Terms.]51  
Wichtiger Hinweis 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten Angaben zur Emission von Schuldverschreibungen un-
ter dem EUR 10.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programm der Fresenius Medical Care AG (das Pro-
gramm). Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 Absatz 5 i.V.m. 
Artikel 25 Absatz 4 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 14. Juni 2017, in der jeweils geltenden Fassung, abgefasst und sind in Verbindung mit dem 
Basisprospekt vom 26. März 2025 [ergänzt durch [den Nachtrag][die Nachträge] vom [•]] (der 
Prospekt) zu lesen. Vollständige Informationen über Fresenius Medical Care AG und das Angebot 
der Schuldverschreibungen sind nur verfügbar, wenn die Endgültigen Bedingungen und der Pros-
pekt zusammengenommen werden. Der Prospekt sowie jeder Nachtrag können in elektronischer 
Form auf der Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com) eingesehen werden.  
[Eine Zusammenfassung der einzelnen Emission der Schuldverschreibungen ist diesen Endgültigen 
Bedingungen beigefügt.]52  
 
51  
Not applicable in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
Nicht anwendbar im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von min-
destens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
Part I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
Teil I: EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined 
by replicating the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II, 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, and completing the rele-
vant placeholders, insert:52 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch 
Wiederholung der betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Anga-
ben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und 
die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:53 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Conditions) [and the [German] [English] 
language translation thereof,] are as set out below. 
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Emissionsbedingungen (die Bedingungen) [sowie 
die [deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt.  
[in the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]  
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Op-
tion I (einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen 
vervollständigen]  
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II 
including relevant further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] im Fall 
von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen ver-
vollständigen]]  
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Series of Notes are to be determined 
by referring to the relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II, 
including certain further options contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Serie von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die 
durch Verweisung auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten 
Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt 
werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that 
apply to Notes with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the Terms and Conditions) set forth in the Pro-
spectus as [Option I] [Option II]. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the mean-
ings specified in the Terms and Conditions.  
 
52  
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will 
be required where the Notes are to be offered to the public, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in 
whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. Delete all references to Part I B. of the Final Terms including num-
bered paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions.  
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedin-
gungen erforderlich ist, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte 
Anleger verkauft oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle Bezugnahmen auf Teil I B. der Endgültigen Bedingungen 
einschließlich der Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen entfernen.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Emissionsbedin-
gungen, der auf Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die 
Emissionsbedingungen), zu lesen, der als [Option I] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, 
die in den Emissionsbedingungen definiert sind, haben, falls die Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht 
etwas anderes bestimmen, dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen ver-
wendet werden.  
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to 
paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions.  
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze be-
ziehen sich auf die Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen.  
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes, shall 
be deemed to be completed with the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information 
were inserted in the blanks of such provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corre-
sponding to items in these Final Terms which are either not selected or not completed or which are 
deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the 
Conditions). 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Emissi-
onsbedingungen gelten als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben aus-
gefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären. Sämtliche Bestimmungen der Emissionsbedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser End-
gültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, 
gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Emissionsbedingungen (die Bedin-
gungen) gestrichen.  
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM (§ 1) 
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM (§ 1) 
 
Currency and Denomination  
Währung und Stückelung  
 
 
Specified Currency 
[…] or [symbol] 
(being the lawful currency of […]) 
 
Festgelegte Währung 
[…] oder [Symbol] 
(das gesetzliche Zahlungsmittel in 
[…]) 
 
Aggreate Principal Amount 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[…] 
 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
[…] 
 
Specified Denomination  
Festgelegte Stückelung  
[…] 
☐ 
Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
☐ 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Permanent Global Note 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar ge-
gen Dauerglobalurkunde

--- Page 236 ---
236 
Clearing System 
Clearing System 
 
☐ 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
 
☐ 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
 
☐ 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
☐ 
Other Clearing System 
Anderes Clearingsystem 
[specify details, including address] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, einschließlich 
Adresse] 
Global Note53 
Globalurkunde 
 
☐ 
Classical Global Note 
 
☐ 
New Global Note 
 
Interest (§3)  
Zinsen (§ 3) 
 
☐ 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I)  
Festverzinsliche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
(Option I) 
 
 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates  
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
[…] % per annum 
[…] % per annum 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn  
[…] 
 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
Zinszahlungstag(e) 
[…] 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
[…] 
 
 
Initial Broken Amount(s) (per Specified Denomi-
nation) 
Anfängliche Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge) (für 
jede festgelegte Stückelung) 
[…] 
 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity 
Date 
Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag voran-
geht 
[…] 
 
Final Broken Amount(s) 
(per Specified Denomination) 
Abschließende(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge)  
(für jede festgelegte Stückelung)  
[…] 
 
Number of regular Interest Payment Dates per 
calendar year 
[… ] 
 
53  
Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs.  
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage im Ka-
lenderjahr  
 
Deemed Interest Payment Date(s) 
Fiktive(r) Zinszahlungstag(e) 
[…] 
☐ 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II)  
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen  
(Option II) 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
 
Interest Commencement Date 
Verzinsungsbeginn  
[…] 
 
Specified Interest Payment Dates 
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
[…] 
 
Specified Interest Period(s) 
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n) 
[…] [weeks] [months] 
[…] [Wochen] [Monate] 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
☐ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention 
Modifizierte folgende Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
☐ 
Floating Rate Note (FRN) Convention (specify pe-
riod) 
Floating Rate Note (FRN)-Konvention (Zeitraum 
angeben) 
[…] [weeks] [months] 
[…] [Wochen] [Monate] 
☐ 
Following Business Day Convention 
Folgende Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
☐ 
Preceding Business Day Convention 
Vorhergehende Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
☐ 
EURIBOR 
 
☐ 
Compounded Daily €STR 
 
 
Observation method 
Beobachtungsmethode 
[Lag method][shift method] 
[Lag Methode][shift Methode] 
 
p 
p 
[number of days] 
[Anzahl Tage] 
☐ 
Compounded €STR Index 
 
 
€STR IndexStart 
€STR IndexStart 
[…] 
[…] 
 
€STR IndexEnd 
€STR IndexEnde 
[…] 
[…] 
 
p 
p 
[number of days] 
[Anzahl Tage] 
☐ 
Compounded Daily SOFR 
 
 
Observation method 
[Lag method][shift method]

--- Page 238 ---
238 
Beobachtungsmethode 
[Lag Methode][shift Methode] 
 
p 
p 
[number of days] 
[Anzahl Tage] 
☐ 
Compounded SOFRIndex 
 
 
SOFR IndexStart  
SOFR IndexStart 
[…] 
[…] 
 
SOFR IndexEnd  
SOFR IndexEnde 
[…] 
[…] 
 
p 
p 
[number of days] 
[Anzahl Tage] 
Interest Determination Date 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
[number] 
[Anzahl] 
Margin 
Marge 
[…] % per annum 
[…] % per annum 
☐ 
plus 
plus 
 
☐ 
minus 
minus 
 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
Mindestzinssatz 
 
☐ 
Minimum Rate of Interest 
Mindestzinssatz 
[…] % per annum 
[…] % per annum 
☐ 
Maximum Rate of Interest 
Höchstzinssatz 
[…] % per annum 
[…] % per annum 
Day Count Fraction54 
Zinstagequotient 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
☐ 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
☐ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
☐ 
Actual/360 
 
☐ 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
☐ 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4) 
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
 
Payment Business Day 
Zahltag 
 
☐ 
Relevant Financial Centers (specify all) 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben) 
[…] 
☐ 
T2 
T2 
 
 
54  
Complete for all Notes.  
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen ausfüllen.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
 
Maturity Date55 
Fälligkeitstag 
[…] 
 
Redemption Month56 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
[…] 
Early Redemption 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for reason of 
Minimal Outstanding Principal Amount 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei geringfü-
gigem ausstehendem Nennbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon occurrence of 
a Benchmark Event57 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt ei-
nes Benchmark-Ereignisses 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occur-
rence of a €STR Index Cessation Event and €STR Index Cessa-
tion Effective Date58 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt 
eines €STR-Index-Einstellungsereignisses und €STR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the occur-
rence of a SOFR Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessa-
tion Effective Date59 
Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt ei-
nes SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignisses und SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders in case of a change 
of control 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei Kontroll-
wechsel 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
[Ja/Nein] 
☐ 
Call Redemption Period(s) specified 
 
 
55  
Complete for Fixed Rate Notes. 
Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
56  
Complete for Floating Rate Notes only. 
Nur für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
57  
Complete for Floating Rate Notes only. 
Nur für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
58  
Complete for Floating Rate Notes only. 
Nur für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
59  
Complete for Floating Rate Notes only. 
Nur für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 240 ---
240 
Wahlrückzahlungszeitraum/räume (Call) festgelegt 
 
Call Redemption Date(s)60 
Wahlrückzahlungstag/tage (Call) 
[…] 
 
Call Redemption Period(s)61 
Wahlrückzahlungszeitraum/räume (Call) 
[…] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag(beträge) (Call) 
[…] 
☐ 
Make-Whole specified62  
Make-Whole festgelegt 
 
 
Earliest possible par redemption date 
Frühester möglichen Rückzahlungstag zu par 
[…] 
 
Present Value 
Abgezinster Marktwert  
Benchmark Yield plus […] % 
Benchmark-Rendite zuzüglich […] %  
 
Benchmark Yield  
[Bundesbank Reference Price (Bundesbank-
Referenzpreis)] / 
[other applicable reference price] 
[noon Frankfurt time] / [other relevant time] 
 
Benchmark-Rendite 
[Bundesbank-Referenzpreis] / 
[anderer anwendbarer Referenzpreis] [12.00 
Uhr (Frankfurter Zeit)] / [andere maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit] 
 
Screen Page 
[QR (using the pricing source "FRNK")] / 
[other relevant screen page] 
 
Bildschirmseite 
[QR (unter Verwendung der Preisquelle 
"FRNK")] / [andere maßgebliche Bildschirm-
seite] 
 
Benchmark Security 
Benchmarkanleihe 
[euro denominated benchmark debt security 
of the Federal Republic of Germany] / [other 
relevant benchmark] due [specify maturity 
date] [insert ISIN or other securities code] 
[Euro-Referenz-Anleihe der Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland] / [andere relevante Referenzan-
leihe] fällig [Fälligkeitsdatum angeben] [ISIN 
oder andere Wertpapierkennung einfügen] 
 
Maturity Date 
Fälligkeitstermin  
ISIN or other securities code 
ISIN oder andere Wertpapierkennung 
[…] 
[…] 
 
Notice Period (Business Days) 
[20] / [other minimum notice pe-
riod (which shall be not less than 
five Business Days)] 
 
60 
Only applicable in case Call Redemption Date(s) are specified. 
Nur im Fall der Festlegung von Wahlrückzahlungstag/tage (Call) anwendbar. 
61 
Only applicable in case Call Redemption Period(s) are specified. 
Nur im Fall der Festlegung von Wahlrückzahlungszeitraum/räume (Call) anwendbar. 
62 
Complete for Fixed Rate Notes only. 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
Mindestkündigungsfrist (Geschäftstage) 
[20] / [andere Mindestkündigungs-
frist, die nicht weniger als fünf Ge-
schäftstage betragen darf] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon occurrence of 
a Transaction Trigger Event  
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei Eintritt ei-
nes Transaktions-Ereignisses. 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Event Redemption Amount 
Ereignisrückzahlungsbetrag 
[…] 
 
Transaction 
Transaktion 
[…] 
 
Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date 
Transaktions-Stichtag 
[…] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder  
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
[…] 
 
Put Redemption Amount(s) 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag(beträge) (Put) 
[…] 
 
Minimum Notice63 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[…] days 
[…] Tage 
 
Maximum Notice (not more than 60 days) 
Höchstkündigungsfrist (nicht mehr als 60 Tage) 
[…] days 
[…] Tage 
[PAYING AGENT, FISCAL AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT64 (§ 7)  
ZAHLSTELLE, EMISSIONSSTELLE, BERECHNUNGSSTELLE (§ 
7) 
 
Calculation Agent 
Berechnungsstelle 
[…] 
[…] 
☐ 
Fiscal Agent acting as Calculation Agent 
Emissionsstelle 
handelnd 
als 
Berech-
nungsstelle] 
 
NOTICES (§ 12)  
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 12) 
 
Place and medium of publication  
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
☐ 
Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com) 
Internetseite 
der 
Luxemburger 
Börse 
(www.luxse.com) 
 
 
63  
Euroclear and Clearstream require a minimum notice period of [five] days. 
Euroclear und Clearstream verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von [fünf] Tagen. 
64  
Applicable only for Fixed Rate Notes that are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer with pay-
ment of a Make-Whole Amount and for Floating Rate Notes.  
Nur anwendbar bei Festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuld-
verschreibungen vorzeitig zum Make-Whole Betrag zurückzuzahlen, sowie bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldver-
schreibungen.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
☐ 
Website of other stock exchange with respect to 
which the Issuer initiated the listing of the Notes  
Internetseite der Börse, an der die Emittentin 
das Listing der Schuldverschreibungen veran-
lasst hat 
 
☐ 
Clearing Systems 
 
☐ 
Clearingsystem 
 
AMENDMENTS 
OF 
THE 
TERMS 
AND 
CONDITIONS 
BY 
RESOLUTIONS OF HOLDERS, JOINT REPRESENTATIVE (§ 13) 
[Yes/No] 
ÄNDERUNGEN 
DER 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH 
BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER, GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER 
(§ 13) 
[Ja/Nein] 
☐ 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative by 
resolution passed by Holders and not in the 
Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der 
Gläubiger durch Beschluss der Gläubiger und 
nicht in den Emissionsbedingungen 
 
☐ 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the 
Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der 
Gläubiger in den Emissionsbedingungen 
 
 
Name and address of the Holders' Representa-
tive (specify details) 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertre-
ters (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
 
LANGUAGE (§ 15) 
SPRACHE (§ 15) 
 
Language of Conditions65 
Sprache der Bedingungen 
 
☐ 
German and English (German controlling) 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
☐ 
English and German (English controlling) 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
☐ 
German only66 
 
 
65  
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal re-
quirements applicable from time to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes publicly offered, in 
whole or in part, in Germany, or distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will 
be the controlling language. If, in the event of such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, 
English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language translation of the Conditions will be available 
from the principal office of the Issuer. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder ande-
rer Bestimmungen und soweit nicht anders vereinbart, die deutsche Sprache für Schuldverschreibungen maßgeb-
lich sein wird, die insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum Verkauf in Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifi-
zierte Anleger in Deutschland verkauft werden. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen Verkaufsangebot oder Ver-
kauf an nicht qualifizierte Anleger die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird eine deutschspra-
chige Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich sein. 
66  
Use only in the case of Notes not publicly offered and/or not intended to be listed on any regulated market within 
the EEA or the UK.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
Ausschließlich Deutsch 
☐ 
English only 
Ausschließlich Englisch] 
 
 
Nur im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen zu nutzen, die nicht öffentlich angeboten und nicht an einem geregelten 
Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums oder des Vereinigten Königreichs zum Handel zugelassen 
werden sollen.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
Part II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION67 
Teil II ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
A. Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the 
Issue/Offer  
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Per-
sonen, die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt 
sind 
[None] [specify details] 
[Keine] [Einzelheiten einfügen]  
Reasons for the offer to the public or for the admis-
sion to trading and use of proceeds68 
Gründe für das öffentliche Angebot oder die Zulas-
sung zum Handel und Verwendung der Erlöse 
[specify details] 
 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Estimated net proceeds69 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge  
[…] 
 
[Estimated total expenses of the issue70 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten der Emission] 
[…] 
Eurosystem eligibility71  
EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
☐ 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes/No] 
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden 
[Yes/No] 
 
 
[Yes. Note that the designation "Yes" in the 
case of a NGN simply means that the Notes 
are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and 
 
67  
There is no obligation to complete Part II. of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specified Denom-
ination of at least EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be listed 
on any regulated market within the EEA or the United Kingdom. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer.  
Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II. der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festge-
legten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung vollständig aus-
zufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirt-
schaftsraums oder des Vereinigten Königreichs zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin 
auszufüllen. 
68  
If reasons for the offer or use of proceeds are different from the disclosure under "Use of Proceeds" in the Pro-
spectus, they need to be included here. 
Falls andere Gründe für das Angebot oder ein anderer Verwendungszweck der Erträge als im Prospekt unter 
"Use of Proceeds" dargestellt anwendbar ist, ist dies hier anzugeben. 
69  
If proceeds are intended for more than one use they will need to be split out and presented in order of priority.  
Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln und nach der 
Priorität der Verwendungszwecke darzustellen. 
70  
Not to be completed in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht auszufüllen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
71  
Select "Yes" if the Notes are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by an ICSD as common safekeeper or if 
the Notes are in CGN form and to be kept in custody by Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. Select "No" if the Notes 
are in NGN form and are to be kept in custody by the common service provider as common safekeeper.  
"Ja" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer NGN begeben und von einem ICSD als common sa-
fekeeper gehalten werden sollen oder falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer CGN begeben und von Clear-
stream Banking AG, Frankfurt gehalten werden sollen. "Nein" wählen, falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form einer 
NGN begeben und vom common service provider als common safekeeper gehalten werden sollen.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognized as eligible collateral for Eurosys-
tem monetary policy and intraday credit opera-
tions by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recogni-
tion will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]  
 
 
[Ja. Es ist zu beachten, dass die Bestimmung 
"Ja" im Fall einer NGN lediglich bedeutet, dass 
die Schuldverschreibungen nach Begebung bei 
einer der ICSDs als gemeinsamer Verwahrer 
hinterlegt werden sollen, und es bedeutet nicht 
notwendigerweise, dass die Schuldverschrei-
bungen als geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der 
Währungspolitik des Eurosystems und der tag-
gleichen Überziehungen (intraday credit opera-
tions) des Eurosystem entweder nach Bege-
bung oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche Aner-
kennung wird vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, 
dass die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.]  
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "No" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the Eu-
rosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meet-
ing them the Notes may then be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note 
that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collat-
eral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will de-
pend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eu-
rosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]  
[Nein. Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen mit "Nein" festgelegt 
wurde, können die Schuldverschreibungen, 
sollten die Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die 
Zukunft derart geändert werden, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen fähig sind diese einzu-
halten, dann bei einem der ICSDs als gemein-
samer Verwahrer hinterlegt werden. Es ist zu 
beachten, dass die Schuldverschreibungen als 
geeignete Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungs-
politik des Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) des 
Eurosystem entweder nach Begebung oder zu 
einem Zeitpunkt während ihrer Existenz aner-
kannt werden. Eine solche Anerkennung wird 
vom Urteil der EZB abhängen, dass die Euro-
systemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt werden.]

--- Page 246 ---
246 
B. Information concerning the securities to be of-
fered/admitted to trading 
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum Handel 
zuzulassenden Wertpapiere 
 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
[Common Code 
Common Code 
[…]] 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
Internationale Wertpapierkennnummer (ISIN) 
[…] 
German Securities Code (WKN) 
Deutsche Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN) 
[…] 
[Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) 
Emittenten- und Instrumenten-Kurzname (FISN) 
[…]] 
[Classification of Financial Instruments Code (CFI) 
Klassifikationscode von Finanzinstrumenten (CFI) 
[…]] 
[Any other securities number 
Andere Wertpapierkennnummer 
[…]] 
Historic Interest Rates and future performance as well 
as volatility72 
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklun-
gen sowie ihre Volatilität 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR][€STR][SOFR] rates and the fu-
ture performance as well as their volatility can be obtained 
(not free of charge) by electronic means from 
Reuters [EURIBOR01][…] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen [EURIBOR][€STR][SOFR] 
Sätzen und Informationen über künftige Wertentwicklungen 
sowie ihre Volatilität können (nicht kostenfrei) auf elektroni-
schem Weg abgerufen werden unter  
Reuters [EURIBOR01][…] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement disruption 
events that affect the [EURIBOR] rates 
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des 
Marktes oder der Abrechnung bewirken und die [EURIBOR] 
Sätze beeinflussen 
[Not applicable] 
[Please see § 3 of the Terms 
and Conditions] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
[Bitte siehe § 3 der Emis-
sionsbedingungen] 
Yield to final maturity73 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit 
[…] 
If different from the issuer, the identity and contact de-
tails of the offeror of the Notes and/or the person asking 
for admission to trading, including the legal entity iden-
tifier (LEI), if any 
[Specify details] 
 
 
 
72  
Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 
100,000. 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit 
einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
73  
Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
Gilt nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
Sofern Anbieter und Emittent nicht identisch sind, An-
gabe der Identität, der Kontaktdaten des Anbieters der 
Schuldti-tel und/oder der die Zulassung zum Handel be-
antragenden Person einschließlich der Rechtsträger-
kennung (LEI), wenn vorhanden 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Representation of debt security holders including an identifi-
cation of the organization representing the investors and pro-
visions applying to such representation. Indication of the 
website where the public may have free access to the con-
tracts in relation to these forms of representation  
[Not applicable][Name and ad-
dress of the Holders' Repre-
sentative] 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die Anle-
ger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese Vertretung 
geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe der Website, auf der die 
Anleger die Verträge, die diese Repräsentationsformen re-
geln, kostenlos einsehen können 
[Nicht anwendbar][Name und 
Anschrift des gemeinsamen Ver-
treters] 
Resolutions, authorizations and approvals by virtue of 
which the Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, 
welche die Grundlage für die Schaffung der Schuldver-
schreibungen bilden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C. 
Terms and conditions of the offer of the Notes to the 
public74 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des öffentlichen An-
gebots von Schuldverschreibungen 
 
C.1  Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and 
action 
required 
to 
apply 
for 
the 
offer  
Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und er-
forderliche Maßnahmen für die Antragstellung 
[Not applicable] 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, during 
which the offer will be open 
Frist - einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während der 
das Angebot gültig ist  
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Description of the application process 
Beschreibung des Prozesses für die Umsetzung des Ange-
bots 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and 
the manner for refunding excess amount paid by applicants 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der Zeich-
nungen und der Art und Weise der Erstattung des zu viel ge-
zahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount  
of application, (whether in number of Notes or aggregate 
amount to invest)  
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der 
[Specify details]  
 
 
74  
Complete with respect to Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
Zeichnung (entweder in Form der Anzahl der Schuldver-
schreibungen oder des aggregierten zu investierenden Be-
trags) 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the Notes and or deliv-
ery of the Notes  
Methode und Fristen für die Ratenzahlung der Schul-
dverschreibungen und ihre Lieferung 
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be made 
public 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die Ergeb-
nisse des Angebots offen zu legen sind  
[Specify details] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of  
pre-emption, the negotiability of subscription rights and the 
treatment of subscription rights not exercised.  
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen Vorzugsrechts, 
die Marktfähigkeit der Zeichnungsrechte und die Behand-
lung der nicht ausgeübten Zeichnungsrechte 
[Not applicable]  
 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
 
C.2  Plan of distribution and allotment 
Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren 
Zuteilung  
[Not applicable] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
If the Offer is being made simultaneously in the markets of 
two or more countries and if a series has been or is being 
reserved for certain of these, indicate such series 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten zwei oder 
mehrerer Ländern und wurde/ wird eine bestimmte Serie 
einigen dieser Märkte vorbehalten, Angabe dieser Serie 
[Specify details] 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Process for notifying applicants of the amount allotted and 
an indication whether dealing may begin before notification 
is made 
Verfahren zur Meldung gegenüber den Zeichnern über den 
zugeteilten Betrag und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des 
Handels vor der Meldung möglich ist 
[Specify details] 
 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.3 Pricing 
Kursfeststellung 
[Not applicable] 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Issue Price 
Ausgabepreis 
[…] % 
[…] % 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
Preis zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich  
angeboten werden 
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber /  
purchaser 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung ge-
stellt 
 [Not applicable][Specify details] 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
C.4 Placing and underwriting 
 
 Platzierung und Emission 
 
Name and address of the coordinator(s) of the global offer 
and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to 
[Not applicable][Specify details]

--- Page 249 ---
249 
the Issuer or the offeror, of the placers in the various coun-
tries where the offer takes place 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinators/der Koordinatoren des 
globalen Angebots oder einzelner Teile des Angebots und – 
sofern der Emittentin oder dem Bieter bekannt – Angaben zu 
den Platzierern in den einzelnen Ländern des Angebots 
 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
Method of distribution 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
☐ 
Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
☐ 
Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
 
Subscription Agreement 
Übernahmevertrag 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
Datum des Subscription Agreements 
[...] 
Material Features of the Subscription Agreement: 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages: 
 
Management Details including form of commitment75 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums ein-
schließlich der Art der Übernahme  
 
Specify Management Group or Dealer (names and addres-
ses) 
Bankenkonsortium oder Platzeur angeben (Namen und An-
schriften) 
[…] 
☐ 
Firm commitment 
Feste Zusage 
[…] 
☐ 
no firm commitment / best efforts arrange-
ments 
Keine feste Zusage / zu den bestmögli-
chen Bedingungen 
[…] 
Commissions 
Provisionen 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
[…] 
Selling Concession (specify) 
Verkaufsprovision (angeben) 
[…] 
Listing Commission (specify) 
Börsenzulassungsprovision (angeben) 
[…] 
 
75  
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors76 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum  
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors77 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Kö-
nigreich 
[Applicable] [Not applicable] 
[Anwendbar] [Nicht anwendbar] 
Stabilising Dealer/Manager 
Kursstabilisierender Dealer/Manager 
[insert details/None] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen/Keiner] 
C.5 Public Offer Jurisdictions78 
 
Jurisdiktionen für öffentliches Angebot 
 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
[Not applicable] 
[Luxembourg] [and] [Germany] 
[Specify relevant Member 
State(s) – which must be juris-
diction(s) where the Prospectus 
and any supplements have been 
passported] 
Jurisdiktionen, in denen ein öffentliches Angebot stattfindet 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Luxembourg] 
[und] [Deutschland] [Rele-
vante(n) Mitgliedstaat(en) einfü-
gen – dieser muss eine/diese 
müssen Jurisdiktion(en) sein, in 
die der Prospekt und etwaige 
Nachträge notifiziert wurden] 
D.  Listing(s) and admission to trading 
 
 Börsenzulassung(en) und Notierungsaufnahme 
[Yes/No] 
[Ja/Nein] 
☐ 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock  
Exchange  
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpa-
pierbörse  
 
 
 
76  
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a 
key in-formation document will be prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified. Specifiy "Applicable" 
if the Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document 
will be prepared. 
Im Fall dass die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte darstellen oder die Schuldver-
schreibungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und ein Basisinformationsblatt im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum 
erstellt wird, ist "Nicht anwendbar" anzugeben. "Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "ver-
packte Produkte" nach der PRIIPs Verordung einzuordnen sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt 
wird. 
77  
If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified. Specifiy "Applicable" if the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products pursuant to PRIIPs Regulation and no key information document will be 
prepared. 
Im Fall dass die Schuldverschreibungen eindeutig keine "verpackten" Produkte darstellen oder die Schuldverschrei-
bungen "verpackte" Produkte darstellen und ein Basisinformationsblatt im Vereinigten Königreich erstellt wird, ist 
"Nicht anwendbar" anzugeben. "Anwendbar" wählen, wenn die Schuldverschreibungen als "verpackte Produkte" 
nach der PRIIPs Verordnung einzuordnen sein könnten und kein Basisinformationsblatt erstellt wird. 
78  
Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public. 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 251 ---
251 
☐ 
Other 
Sonstige 
[specify details] 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Date of admission 
Termin der Zulassung 
[…] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to tra-
ding79 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
[…] 
All regulated markets or third-country markets, SME Growth 
Market or MTFs on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, 
notes of the same class of the notes to be offered to the 
public or admitted to trading are already admitted to trad-
ing80 
Angabe sämtlicher regulierter Märkte oder Märkte in Dritt-
staaten, KMU-Wachstumsmärkte oder MTFs, auf denen 
nach Kenntnis der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der 
gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, die öffentlich angeboten oder 
zum Handel zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel 
zugelassen sind 
 
☐ 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange  
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wert-
papierbörse  
 
☐ 
Other [None] [Specify details] 
Andere [Keine] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
☐ 
not applicable 
nicht anwendbar 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm com-
mitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and descrip-
tion of the main terms of their commitment 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und 
Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und 
Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der Zusageverein-
barung 
 
 
 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
E.  Additional Information  
 
 Zusätzliche Informationen 
 
Rating of the Notes81 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
[Not applicable] […] 
[Nicht anwendbar] […] 
 
79  
Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
80  
In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for 
Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass 
die ursprünglichen Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldver-
schreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
81  
Do not complete, if the Notes are not rated on an individual basis. Include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has been previously published by the rating provider.

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the Euro-
pean Union and is registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, 
as amended (the CRA Regulation).][S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited is established in Ireland and is registered 
pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the Euro-
pean Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 
on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regula-
tion).] [Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in Ger-
many and is registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the CRA Regulation).] [specify other rating 
agency and whether the relevant rating agency is estab-
lished in the European Union and is registered or has ap-
plied for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the CRA Regulation).] The European Securi-
ties and Markets Authority (ESMA) publishes on its web 
site (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) a list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation. That list is updated 
within five working days following the adoption of a deci-
sion under Article 16, 17 or 20 CRA Regulation. The Euro-
pean Commission shall publish that updated list in the Of-
ficial Journal of the European Union within 30 days follow-
ing such update. 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited hat ihren Sitz in der Euro-
päischen Union und ist gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 
1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagenturen (in der 
geänderten Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung) regis-
triert.] [S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited hat ihren Sitz 
in Irland und ist gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 
des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. 
September 2009 über Ratingagenturen (in der geänder-
ten Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung) registriert.] 
[Moody's Deutschland GmbH hat ihren Sitz in Deutsch-
land und ist gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. Sep-
tember 2009 über Ratingagenturen (in der geänderten 
Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung) registriert.] [Einzelhei-
ten einfügen, ob die jeweilige Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in 
der Europäischen Union hat und gemäß Verordnung 
(EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen Parlaments und 
des Rates vom 16. September 2009 über Ratingagentu-
ren (in der geänderten Fassung) (die Ratingverordnung) 
registriert ist oder die Registrierung beantragt hat.] Die 
Europäische Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
 
Nicht auszufüllen, wenn kein Einzelrating für die Schuldverschreibungen vorliegt. Kurze Erläuterung der Bedeu-
tung des Ratings einfügen, wenn dieses unlängst von der Ratingagentur erstellt wurde.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
(ESMA) veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) ein Verzeichnis der nach der Ratingver-
ordnung registrierten Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeich-
nis wird innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach Annahme ei-
nes Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 16, 17 oder 20 der Ra-
tingverordnung aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission 
veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis im Amtsblatt 
der Europäischen Union innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach 
der Aktualisierung. 
Registration of the Administrator pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation82 
Registrierung des Administrators gemäß der Benchmark-Verordnung 
Benchmark 
[EURIBOR][€STR][SOFR][insert name of Benchmark] 
Benchmark 
[EURIBOR][€STR][SOFR][Namen der Benchmark 
einfügen] 
Benchmark Administrator 
[insert name of administrator] 
Administrator der Benchmark 
[Namen des Administrators einfügen] 
Registration of the Benchmark Ad-
ministrator in the register of admin-
istrators and benchmarks estab-
lished and maintained by the Euro-
pean Securities and Markets Au-
thority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 
36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 
the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices 
used as benchmarks in financial in-
struments and financial contracts or 
to measure the performance of in-
vestment funds and amending Di-
rectives 
2008/48/EC 
and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) 
No 596/2014 (Benchmarks Regu-
lation) 
[applicable] [non applicable] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert benchmark] does 
not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation], such 
that [insert name of administrator] is not currently required 
to obtain recognition, endorsement or equivalence.] 
Eintragung des Benchmark-Admi-
nistrators in das von der Europäi-
schen Wertpapier- und Marktauf-
sichtsbehörde (ESMA) gemäß Arti-
kel 
36 
der 
Verordnung 
(EU) 
2016/1011 des Europäischen Parla-
ments und des Rates vom 8. Juni 
2016 über Indizes, die bei Finanzin-
strumenten und Finanzkontrakten 
als Referenzwert oder zur Messung 
der Wertentwicklung eines Invest-
mentfonds verwendet werden, und 
zur 
Änderung 
der 
Richtlinien 
2008/48/EG und 2014/17/EU sowie 
der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 596/2014 
(Benchmark-Verordnung) erstellte 
[Zutreffend] [Nicht zutreffend] 
[Nach Kenntnis der Emittentin [fällt [Benchmark 
einfügen] aufgrund von Artikel 2 der Benchmark-
Verordnung nicht in den Anwendungsbereich der 
Benchmark-Verordnung], weshalb für [Namen des 
Administrators einfügen] derzeit keine Anerkennungs-, 
Übernahme- oder Gleichwertigkeitspflicht besteht.] 
 
82  
Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes.  
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
und geführte Register der Adminis-
tratoren 
F. 
Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible 
for drawing up the Prospectus and the Final Terms83 
 
 Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung der Emittentin oder der 
für die Erstellung des Prospekts und der Endgültigen Bedingungen zuständigen Person 
[Not applicable.][The consent to the use of the Prospectus and these Final Terms for the subse-
quent resale or final placement of Notes by all financial intermediaries is given by the Issuer in 
relation to [Luxembourg] [and] [Germany]]. 
The subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by financial intermediaries can be made during 
the offer period. The offer period commences on [•] and ends on [•]. 
[Such consent is also subject to and given under the condition [•].]]  
[Nicht anwendbar.][Die Zustimmung zu der Verwendung des Prospekts und dieser Endgültigen 
Bedingungen zu der späteren Weiterveräußerung und der endgültigen Platzierung der Schuldver-
schreibungen durch alle Finanzintermediäre wird von der Emittentin in Bezug auf [Luxemburg] 
[und] [Deutschland] erteilt.]  
Die spätere Weiterveräußerung und endgültigen Platzierung der Wertpapiere durch Finanzinter-
mediäre kann während der Angebotsfrist erfolgen. Die Angebotsfrist beginnt am [•] und endet am 
[•]. 
[Ferner erfolgt diese Zustimmung vorbehaltlich [•].]]  
[Third Party Information 
Informationen von Seiten Dritter  
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) 
the Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading 
and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no responsibility 
for the accuracy thereof.  
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
gilt Folgendes: (i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben wor-
den sind und - soweit es der Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung 
gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte - wurden keine Fakten unterschlagen, die die wiedergege-
benen Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese In-
formationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit.] 
Fresenius Medical Care AG 
 
 
 
83  
This section only applies to Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000.  
Dieser Abschnitt gilt nur für Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als 
EUR 100.000.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
_________________________________ 
[Name(s) and title(s) of signatory/ies] 
[Name(n) und Titel des/r Unterzeichnenden] 
 
 
_________________________________ 
[Name(s) and title(s) of signatory/ies] 
[Name(n) und Titel des/r Unterzeichnenden]

--- Page 256 ---
256 
VIII. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, the Issuer will apply the net proceeds 
of the issue of each Series of Notes for its general corporate purposes, including refinancing of 
outstanding indebtedness. If in respect of any particular issue there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable.

--- Page 257 ---
257 
IX. 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE PROPOSED INVESTMENT DOES NOT ATTRACT A TAX REGIME SPECIFIC TO THAT 
TYPE OF INVESTMENT. HOWEVER, THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE MEMBER STATE OF 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES AND/OR OF THE ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF 
INCORPORATION MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE THEREFORE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR 
OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP 
AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES INCLUDING THE EFFECT OF ANY STATE OR LOCAL TAXES, 
UNDER THE TAX LAWS APPLICABLE IN GERMANY AND LUXEMBOURG AND EACH 
COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENTS OR OTHERWISE SUBJECT TO TAXATION.

--- Page 258 ---
258 
X. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
1. 
Underwriting 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers (as defined herein) 
and any additional Dealer appointed under the Program from time to time by the Issuer, which 
appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together, the Dealers). Notes may 
be distributed by way of public or private placements and, in each case, on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Series of Notes will be stated in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to one or more of the Dealers. The arrange-
ments under which the Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
purchased by, the Dealers are set out in a dealer agreement dated on or about the date of the 
Prospectus (the Dealer Agreement) and made between the Issuer and the Dealers. Any such 
agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Program or in relation to a particular Series of Notes. A subscription agreement (the Subscription 
Agreement) prepared in connection with a particular Series of Notes will typically be dated on or 
about the respective date of the Final Terms applicable to such Series of Notes. 
The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obliga-
tions under the Dealer Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of any Notes issued under the 
Program, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their 
satisfaction on the issue date of any relevant series of Notes. In this situation, the issuance of such 
Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or the Dealers in 
respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
2. 
Description of public offer (if any) and offer mechanics 
If the Notes are publicly offered, the following details have to be inserted under section "Additional 
Information" in the Final Terms applicable to a Series of Notes: conditions to which the offer is subject, 
time period, during which the offer will be open, description of the application process, description of 
the possibility to reduce subscriptions and the manner for refunding excess amount paid by appli-
cants, details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of application, method and time limits for 
paying up the Notes and for delivery of the Notes, manner and date in which results of the offer are 
to be made public, procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability of subscrip-
tion rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised, various categories of potential in-
vestors to which the Notes are offered, process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted 
and indication whether dealing may begin before notification is made, method of determining the of-
fered price and the process for its disclosure, amount of any expenses and taxes specifically charged 
to the subscriber or purchaser, name and address of the coordinator(s) of the global offer and of single 
parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes place. 
3. 
Selling Restrictions 
3.1 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has complied and will comply with 
all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, 
sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes the Prospectus or any Final Terms or

--- Page 259 ---
259 
any related offering material and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for 
the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and 
neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. 
Regarding each Series of Notes, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other 
additional restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
3.2 
European Economic Area 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as not applicable, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)  
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i)  
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
(ii)  
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insur-
ance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a profes-
sional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)  
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of suffi-
cient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each a Relevant State), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a)  
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be 
made other than pursuant to Articles 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant 
State (a Non-exempt Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation 
to such Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Relevant State 
or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation;

--- Page 260 ---
260 
(c)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the rele-
vant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Articles 1(4) of the Prospectus Reg-
ulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
3.3 
United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Inves-
tors" as not applicable, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer ap-
pointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in 
relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)  
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as 
it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA); or 
(ii)  
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Mar-
kets Act 2000 as amended or superseded (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii)  
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)  
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Program will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make 
an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in the UK: 
(a)  
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be 
made other than pursuant to Section 86 of the FSMA (a Public Offer), following the date 
of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved 
by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by

--- Page 261 ---
261 
the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 
74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any 
such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such 
Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus 
or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the 
UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(c)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in Article 2 of the United Kingdom Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(d)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered to enable an investor to decide to purchase or sub-
scribe for the Notes and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program 
will be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: (A) whose ordinary activities involve them 
in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses; or (B) who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, 
manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their busi-
nesses, where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Sec-
tion 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer;  
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21 (1) of the FSMA does not apply 
to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
3.4 
United States 
(a) 
With regard to each Series of Notes, each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have 
not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, including Notes in bearer

--- Page 262 ---
262 
form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements, and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a trans-
action not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and undertaken that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer 
or sell, any Note constituting part of its allotment within the United States except in ac-
cordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S). Accord-
ingly, each Dealer further has represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor 
its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in 
any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note. Each Dealer has agreed that it will 
not offer, sell or deliver any Note in bearer form within the United States or to U.S. persons 
except as permitted by the Subscription Agreement. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates 
nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have offered or sold or will offer and sell the 
Notes by means of any form of general solicitation or general advertising (as those terms 
are used in Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act) in the United States. Each Dealer has 
further represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any 
persons acting on its or their behalf have made or caused to be made or will make or 
cause to be made a public offering of the Notes in the United States. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or de-
livered within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in transac-
tions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations 
promulgated thereunder. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of any 
Note within the United States by any dealer (whether participating in the offering or not) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
(b) 
From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer 
able to make the representations set forth in Clause 4.1.16 of the Dealer Agreement, each 
Dealer (i) acknowledges that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to 
an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) has represented, 
warranted and undertaken that it has not offered, sold or delivered any Notes, and will not 
offer, sell or deliver any Notes, (x) as part of its distribution at any time or (y) otherwise until 
40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, except 
in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S; and accordingly, (iii) further has represented, 
warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or 
their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any 
Note, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions require-
ments of Regulation S; and (iv) also has agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale 
of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling conces-
sion, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the restricted period a 
confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the Securities Act), and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons by any person referred to in 
Rule 903(b)(2)(iii) of Regulation S (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the later of the commencement of the offering and the closing date, 
except in either case in accordance with Regulation S. Terms used above have the mean-
ings given to them by Regulation S."

--- Page 263 ---
263 
(c) 
Regarding each Series of Notes, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken 
that it has not entered and will not enter any contractual arrangement with respect to the 
distribution or delivery of Notes, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent 
of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Notes, other than Notes with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in ac-
cordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor 
rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the C Rules), or in accordance 
with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in 
substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the D Rules), as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
In addition, where the C Rules are expressly specified in the Final Terms as being appli-
cable to any Series of Notes, Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United 
States and its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and undertaken that it, in connection with the original issuance of 
Notes has not offered sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indi-
rectly, Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original 
issuance. Further, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken in connection 
with the original issuance of Notes, that it has not communicated, and will not communi-
cate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such Dealer or such pur-
chaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. 
office in the offer or sale of Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the C 
Rules and any successor provisions thereto. 
In addition, in respect of Notes issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and undertaken that:  
(i)  
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, 
and during the restricted period will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes 
to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United 
States person, and (y) such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver within 
the United States or its possessions definitive Notes that are sold during the 
restricted period; 
(ii)  
it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reason-
ably designed to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged 
in selling Notes are aware that such Notes may not be offered or sold during the 
restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or 
to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(iii)  
if such Dealer is a United States person, it is acquiring the Notes for purposes 
of resale in connection with their original issuance, and not for the purpose of 
resale directly or indirectly to a person within the United States or its posses-
sions or to a United States person, and if such Dealer retains Notes for its own 
account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements of the D Rules 
(or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended); 
(iv)  
with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the pur-
poses of offering or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer

--- Page 264 ---
264 
either (x) repeats and confirms the representations and agreements contained in 
sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph (d) on such affiliate's behalf or (y) 
agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the Issuer the repre-
sentations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this para-
graph (d); and 
(v)  
it shall obtain for the benefit of the Issuer the representations, undertakings and 
agreements contained in subclauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this paragraph (d) 
from any person other than its affiliate with whom it enters a written contract (a 
"distributor") as defined in the D Rules, for the offer or sale during the restricted 
period of the Notes.  
In addition, each Note issued in accordance with the D Rules will bear the fol-
lowing legend: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) WHO 
HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WILL BE 
SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME 
TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 
165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF THE 
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA." 
Terms used in this paragraph (d) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and treasury regulations there-
under, including the D Rules and any successor provisions thereto. 
Terms used in the paragraphs (a) – (c) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
3.5 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, that it has not offered or sold, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a Japanese Person except under circumstances which 
will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the 
relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For 
the purposes of this paragraph, Japanese Person shall mean any person resident in Japan, in-
cluding any corporation or other entity organized under the laws of Japan. 
3.6 
Canada 
No prospectus has been filed with any securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Can-
ada in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes and the Notes will not be qualified for sale 
under the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof. No securities commission 
or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed judgement on this 
Prospectus or on the merits of the Notes, and any representation to the contrary is an offense. The 
offer and sale of Notes in Canada is being made on a private placement basis only pursuant to an 
exemption from the requirement that the relevant Issuer prepares and files a prospectus under 
applicable Canadian securities laws.  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or distributed, and will not offer,

--- Page 265 ---
265 
sell or distribute, any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, any resident 
thereof other than in compliance with all applicable securities laws of Canada or any province or 
territory thereof and without limiting the generality of the foregoing: 
a) it will offer, sell or distribute the Notes to purchasers in Canada purchasing, or deemed to 
be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 
45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or Subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act, and are per-
mitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Ex-
emptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations and that are not a person created or used 
solely to purchase or hold the Notes as an "accredited investor" as described in paragraph 
(m) of the definition of "accredited investor" in section 1.1 of NI 45-106; 
b) each Dealer is (i) appropriately registered under applicable Canadian securities laws in 
each relevant province or territory to distribute the Notes, or (ii) is relying on an exemption 
from the dealer registration requirements under applicable Canadian securities laws and 
has complied with the requirements of that exemption; and 
c) no offering memorandum (as defined in applicable Canadian securities laws) or any other 
offering material will be distributed or delivered in or to a resident of Canada in connection 
with the offering of Notes, except in compliance with applicable Canadian securities laws. 
3.7 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be re-
quired to acknowledge, that the Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Mon-
etary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each fur-
ther Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscrip-
tion or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate 
or distribute, the Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, 
or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person 
in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to 
Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pur-
suant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
3.8 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be re-
quired to acknowledge, that with regard to Switzerland this Prospectus is not intended to constitute 
an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes described therein. The Notes may not be 
publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Ser-
vices Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any 
trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither the Prospectus nor 
any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to 
the FinSA, and neither Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 266 ---
266 
XI. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue/Offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may be borrowers from or creditors of the Issuer and its 
affiliates. In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future en-
gage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform ser-
vices for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Moreover, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related 
derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities 
and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer' affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer con-
sistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Program. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of 
Notes issued under the Program. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment rec-
ommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short 
positions in such securities and instruments. Interests of persons involved in a specific issue of 
Notes under the Program, if any, will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Authorization 
The establishment and update of the Program and the issue of Notes thereunder have been duly 
authorized by the Issuer. 
The Issuer will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorizations in 
connection with the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes. 
3. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) for the 
Notes issued under this Program to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxem-
bourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Program provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. Notes may further 
be issued under the Program which will not be listed on any stock exchange. 
4. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
(Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn) (CBF), Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42 Ave-
nue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg) (CBL), and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium) (Euroclear). The appropriate German securities number 
(WKN) (if any), Common Code and ISIN for each Series of Notes allocated by CBF, CBL and 
Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to be cleared through an 
additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applica-
ble Final Terms.

--- Page 267 ---
267 
5. 
Documents Available 
For so long as any Notes issued under this Program are outstanding, electronic versions of the 
following documents are available on the website of the Issuer (www.freseniusmedicalcare.com):  
(i)  
the constitutional documents of the Issuer; 
(ii)  
a copy of the Prospectus; 
(iii)  
the documents incorporated herein by reference; and 
(iv)  
a copy of any supplements to the Prospectus. 
This Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Prospectus 
will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and will 
remain publicly available in electronic form for at least ten years after their publication. The infor-
mation on any website does not form part of the Prospectus unless that information is incorporated 
by reference into the Prospectus. 
In the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered 
in Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Ex-
change (www.luxse.com). In the case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly of-
fered in one or more member states of the EEA other than Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be 
displayed on the website of the Issuer (www.freseniusmedicalcare.com). 
6. 
Third Party Information: 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party, 
including any such third-party information utilized in compiling the Issuer's internal market analysis 
tools, (i) the Issuer confirms that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far 
as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information available to it from such third party, 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or mislead-
ing and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information and accepts no respon-
sibility for the accuracy thereof. 
7. 
Available Information 
The Issuer files annual reports on Form 20-F and furnishes periodic reports on Form 6-K to the 
SEC, including financial statements prepared in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards as 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB). We post these reports on our web 
site (www.freseniusmedicalcare.com) under "Investors – News & publications – Financial reports". 
The reports may be viewed and printed from the web site maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov, 
which contains reports and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the 
SEC. The NYSE currently lists American Depositary Shares representing our ordinary shares. Our 
periodic reports, registration statements and other information that we file with the SEC are also 
available to the public from commercial document retrieval services. The information on the SEC 
website does not form part of the Prospectus. 
In addition, the Issuer also prepares annual and interim period reports in conformity with IFRS 
Accounting Standards since 2017. The annual reports contain financial statements examined and 
reported upon, with opinions expressed by PwC as independent auditors. The Issuer publishes the 
consolidated annual financial statements, according to IFRS Accounting Standards on its website 
and through the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger), in accordance with German laws. These an-
nual and quarterly reports to our shareholders are posted on the Issuer's web site at https://frese-
niusmedicalcare.com/en/media/multimedia/publications/'. Except for the financial statements listed

--- Page 268 ---
268 
under "Documents Incorporated by Reference", the Issuer in furnishing its web site address in the 
Prospectus does not intend to incorporate any information on its web site into the Prospectus, and 
you should not consider any information on the Issuer's web site to be part of the Prospectus.

--- Page 269 ---
269 
XII. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The specified pages of the following documents which have previously been published or are pub-
lished simultaneously with the Prospectus and which have been filed with the CSSF are incorpo-
rated by reference into and form part of the Prospectus. The page numbers set out below refer to 
the page numbers in the form of a pdf document available on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com): 
The audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS Accounting Standards) of the Issuer as 
of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, included in the German-language "Ges-
chäftsbericht 2024" 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
page 264 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
page 265 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
page 266 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
page 267 to 268 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
pages 269 to 271 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 272 to 380 
Independent Auditor's Report 
pages 382 to 387 
The audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS Accounting Standards) of the Issuer as 
of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, included in the German-language "Ges-
chäftsbericht 2023" 
Consolidated Statements of Income  
page 212 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
page 213 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
page 214 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  
page 215 to 216 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
pages 217 to 219 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 220 to 334 
Independent Auditor's Report 
pages 335 to 340 
The non-incorporated parts of such documents, i.e. the pages not listed in the tables above, are 
either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in the Prospectus or in a document that is incorporated by reference 
herein will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of the Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained herein or in any other subsequently filed document that also is incorpo-
rated by reference herein modifies or supersedes such statement. The modifying or superseding 
statement need not state that it has modified or superseded a prior statement or include any other 
information set forth in the document that it modifies or supersedes. The making of a modifying or 
superseding statement will not be deemed an admission for any purposes that the modified or 
superseded statement, when made, constituted a misrepresentation, an untrue statement of a ma-
terial fact or an omission to state a material fact that is required to be stated or that is necessary to 
make a statement not misleading in light of the circumstances in which it was made. Any such 
statement so modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to 
constitute a part of the Prospectus.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
Availability of documents incorporated by reference 
Any document incorporated herein by reference are available free of charge and may be inspected 
during usual business hours on any working day from the date hereof for the whole life of the Pro-
spectus at the offices of the Issuer as set out at the end of the Prospectus and will be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Electronic copies of the documents incorporated by reference in the Prospectus may be obtained 
(free of charge) from the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and can be 
accessed by using the following hyperlinks: 
1. 
The audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS Accounting Standards) of the Issuer as 
of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, included in the German-language "Ges-
chäftsbericht 2024" 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10c081663894ec4f1fa8a7669bff4be37e  
2. 
The audited consolidated financial statements (IFRS Accounting Standards) of the Issuer as 
of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, included in the German-language "Ges-
chäftsbericht 2023" 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10189e6d55f2c8425aaafaf196fd9d5d76

--- Page 271 ---
271 
XIII. 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
 
THE ISSUER 
Fresenius Medical Care AG 
Else-Kröner-Straße 1 
61352 Bad Homburg v. d. Höhe 
Germany 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany  
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12  
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
1115 Luxembourg 
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
DEALERS 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Ciudad Grupo Santander 
Avenida de Cantabria s/n 
Edificio Encinar 
28660, Boadilla del Monte, Madrid 
Spain 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France  
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Börsenplatz 9 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands  
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 München 
Germany

--- Page 272 ---
272 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
Noerr Partnerschaftsgesellschaft mbB 
Börsenstraße 1 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
To the Dealers 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 35-37 
60327 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany