--- Page 1 ---
(A société anonyme established under the laws of the Republic of France) 
Euro 8,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
———— 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Gecina (the “Issuer” or “Gecina”), subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the “Notes”). The aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding will not at any time exceed Euro 8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended or superseded (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). This Base Prospectus received the approval number 21-236 on 18 June 2021 from the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the “AMF”) and shall be in force 
for a period of one (1) year as of the date of its approval by the AMF. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority in France pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made for Notes to be issued under the Programme for a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the approval granted by the AMF on this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (“Euronext Paris”) and/or any other regulated market as defined in the Directive 2014/65/EU 
on markets in financial instruments, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities Market Authority (“ESMA”) (each such 
market being a “Regulated Market”) situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). The Notes issued under the Programme may also be listed on 
an alternative stock exchange or market, or may be unlisted. The relevant final terms (the “Final Terms”) (a form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of 
any Notes will specify whether or not an application will be made for such Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant Regulated Market(s) or stock 
exchange(s) where the Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading.  
The minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the issue date), or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Interest and other Calculations”). 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”) as more fully described herein.  
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier. 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer dematerialised form 
(au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”) (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of 
Account Holders (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”) including Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
(“Euroclear”), and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream”) or (ii) in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at 
the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination”), in either fully registered 
form (au nominatif pur), in which case they will be inscribed either in an account maintained by the Issuer or by the registration agent (designated in the relevant Final 
Terms) for the Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders designated 
by the relevant Noteholder.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons 
attached (a “Temporary Global Certificate”) will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be 
exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached on or after a date expected to be on or about the 
fortieth (40th) calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in “Temporary Global Certificates issued in respect of Materialised 
Notes”) upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined 
in “General Description of the Programme”) intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue date with a common depositary on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme is rated A- (senior unsecured debt) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and A3 (senior unsecured debt) 
by Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) AB (“Moody’s”). The long term debt of the Issuer is currently rated A- (with stable outlook) by S&P and A3 (with stable outlook) 
by Moody’s. Each of S&P and Moody's is established in the European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the European Securities and Markets Authority’s website (www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with CRA Regulation. Notes issued under the Programme may, or may not, be rated. The rating of the Notes, if any, will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer or the Programme. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The final terms of the relevant Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements to this Base Prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference herein and, so long as any of the Notes are admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market of the EEA, the Final Terms will be published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of the Issuer (www.gecina.fr). 
See “Risk Factors” for a discussion of certain factors which should be considered by prospective investors before deciding to invest in any of the Notes issued 
under the Programme. 
Arranger 
NATIXIS 
Dealers 
BARCLAYS 
CIC Market Solutions 
HSBC 
MEDIOBANCA 
NATIXIS 
SANTANDER CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING 
BNP PARIBAS 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CIB 
IMI – INTESA 
 SANPAOLO 
MIZUHO SECURITIES 
NATWEST MARKETS 
SOCIETE GENERALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT 
BANKING  
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 June 2021

--- Page 2 ---
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time), including the Documents Incorporated 
by Reference (as defined below), contains all relevant information concerning the Issuer, the Issuer and its consolidated 
subsidiaries taken as a whole (the “Group”) which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, profits and losses, financial position, and prospects of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the 
Notes, the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. This Base Prospectus including the Documents 
Incorporated by Reference (as defined below) and the terms and conditions of the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme, together with supplements to this Base Prospectus from time to time (each a “Supplement” and together 
the “Supplements”) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. In relation 
to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes, the Base Prospectus must be read in conjunction with the relevant Final 
Terms. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are incorporated by reference (the 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”) and may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part 
of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the AMF. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger 
or any of the Dealers (each as defined in the section “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of 
this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication 
that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position 
of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time 
subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted 
by law. For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale” below. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are 
required by the Issuer, the Dealers and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 
1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR WITH ANY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF 
ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES AND THE NOTES MAY INCLUDE 
MATERIALISED NOTES IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. 
SUBJECT TO CERTAIN EXCEPTIONS, NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR, IN THE CASE OF 
MATERIALISED NOTES IN BEARER FORM, DELIVERED, WITHIN THE UNITED STATES TO, OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
(“REGULATION S”)), OR IN THE CASE OF MATERIALISED NOTES IN BEARER FORM, UNITED STATES 
PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED). THE NOTES ARE 
BEING OFFERED AND SOLD OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-U.S. PERSONS IN RELIANCE ON 
REGULATION S. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation or solicitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or any of the Dealers to subscribe for or purchase, any of the Notes.  
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, 
taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the European Securities 
and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a MiFID regulated entity and does not qualify as a distributor or a 
manufacturer under the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 
February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative 
materials”), and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not a UK MiFIR regulated entity and 
does not qualify as a distributor or a manufacturer under the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 on insurance distribution (as amended or superseded, the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been or will be prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2020, as amended (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared or will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of 
the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to 
the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information incorporated by reference) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by 
any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information incorporated by reference) should purchase the

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Notes. Each potential purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the 
Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Group during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the 
Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
Purchasers and sellers of the Notes may be required to pay taxes or documentary charges or duties in accordance with 
the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, 
no official statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for financial instruments such as the 
Notes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their individual taxation with respect 
to the acquisition, holding, disposal and redemption of the Notes. Only these advisors are in a position to duly consider 
the specific situation of the potential investor.  
Credit ratings 
One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings to the Notes. The ratings assigned to the Notes by the rating 
agencies are based on the Issuer's financial situation but take into account other relevant structural features of the transaction, 
including, inter alia, the terms of the Notes, and reflect only the views of the rating agencies. The ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that 
may affect the value of the Notes. The ratings address the likelihood of full and timely payment to the Noteholders of all 
payments of interest on each interest payment date and repayment of principal on the final payment date. Such ratings may not 
continue for any period of time or may not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies as a 
result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the rating agencies' judgement, circumstances so warrant. A credit 
rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
rating agency at any time. 
The credit ratings of the Issuer are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those on the offered Notes.  
Independent Review and Advice 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes 
are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to 
its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. Neither the Issuer, the 
Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes 
by a prospective investor of the Notes, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which 
it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable 
to it. 
Conflict of interest 
Certain of the Dealers, the Calculation Agent and their respective affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
lending, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business out of which conflicting interests may arise. In that respect, where there is a lending 
relationship between the Issuer, one or several Dealers, the Calculation Agent or their respective affiliates, it cannot be excluded 
that all or part of the proceeds of any issue of Notes be used to repay or reimburse all or part of such loans.  
In addition, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer 
or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. 
Whilst they will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, they may in 
their other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS ..............................................................................................................................................................14 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS ........................................................................................................................23 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................................24 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .............................................................................................................30 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES .............................................................................................................31 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ............................67 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................................................68 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .........................................................................................................................................69 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ..............................................................................................................................................72 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ..........................................................................................................................................88 
GENERAL INFORMATION .........................................................................................................................................103 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS .......................................................................................106

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. The Notes will be issued on 
such terms as shall be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. This chapter is subject to the other information provided in this 
Base Prospectus and is to be read as such. 
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended to, 
constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this 
general description. 
Issuer: 
Gecina 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme for the offer of Notes  
(the “Programme”). 
Use of Proceeds:  
As described in the section “Use of Proceeds” of this Base Prospectus, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue 
of the Notes, will be used by the Issuer, to the financing or the refinancing of 
a portfolio of eligible green assets, as described in the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework (as amended and supplemented) and in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Issuer’s Green Bond Framework received a second party opinion from 
ISS Corporate Solutions. 
The Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and the second party opinion are 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.gecina.fr/en/investors/financing/debts).  
Arranger: 
Natixis 
Dealers: 
Banco Santander, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP Paribas, Crédit 
Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Crédit Industriel et Commercial 
S.A., HSBC Continental Europe, Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A., Mediobanca-Banca 
di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, Natixis, 
NatWest Markets N.V., and Société Générale. 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or 
more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base 
Prospectus to “Permanent Dealers” are to the persons listed above as Dealers 
and to such additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the 
whole Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and 
references to “Dealers” are to all Permanent Dealers and all persons 
appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
Up to Euro 8,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the date of 
issue of any Notes) aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
time (the “Programme Limit”). The Programme Limit may be increased, as 
provided in the amended and restated dealer agreement dated 18 June 2021 
(the “Dealer Agreement”) entered into between the Issuer, the Permanent 
Dealers and the Arranger. 
Fiscal Agent and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Société Générale

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Calculation Agent, Redenomination 
Agent, Consolidation Agent and Put 
Agent: 
 
Société Générale 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes may be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
The Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than in respect of 
the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series being intended to be 
interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued 
in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (which will be supplemented, where 
necessary, with supplemental terms and conditions and, save in respect of the 
issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) 
will be set out in the relevant final terms in relation to such Tranche (the 
“Final Terms”). 
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) 
or in materialised form (“Materialised Notes”). 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer 
dematerialised form (au porteur) or in registered dematerialised form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder, in 
either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will be issued in 
respect of Dematerialised Notes. See Condition 1 “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination“. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. A Temporary 
Global Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of 
Materialised Notes. Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to 
their nominal amount. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any 
maturity as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes 
may be issued in Euro, U.S. Dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Sterling and 
in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers. 
Denomination(s): 
Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms, save that the Notes admitted to trading on a Regulated Market 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation shall have a minimum specified denomination of 
€100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), or such higher amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or 
financial authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
 
Unless otherwise permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes 
(including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than 
one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes and, where applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating to them, 
will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured (subject to the provisions of 
Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under 
French law) equally and rateably with all other present or future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of the Notes, as set out in 
Condition 4 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Negative Pledge”. 
Events of Default 
(including cross default): 
There will be events of default including a cross-default as set out in 
Condition 9 – see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Events of Default”. 
Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the relevant 
Final Terms will specify the basis for calculating the redemption amounts 
payable.  
Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders following a 
Restructuring Event: 
If the Final Terms issued in respect of a Series of Notes so provide, each 
Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer's option, repurchase its Notes at their principal amount together with 
accrued interest if a Restructuring Event occurs and within the Restructuring 
Period a Rating Downgrade or a Negative Rating Event in respect of that 
Restructuring Event occurs. 
See Condition 6(g)(i) “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption, 
Purchase and Options – Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a 
Restructuring Event”. 
Other Put Option: 
If the Final Terms issued in respect of a Series of Notes so provide, each 
Noteholder will have the option to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the 
Issuer’s option, repurchase its Notes on the Optional Redemption Date at its 
Optional Redemption Amount with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption.  
See Condition 6(g)(ii) “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption, 
Purchase and Options - Other Put Option”. 
Optional Redemption 
(including Make-Whole 
Redemption): 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether 
such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders and, if so, the terms 
applicable to such redemption.  
In particular, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer will have the 
option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to 
time, prior to the Relevant Redemption Date, at the Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount. 
 
See Condition 6 “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption, Purchase 
and Options”.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Issuer may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at the Principal Amount 
of the Notes so redeemed together with interest accrued thereon to, but 
excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time or from time to time 
during the period starting on (and including) the Residual Maturity Call 
Option Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and ending on (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date. 
See Condition 6(e) “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption, 
Purchase and Options – Residual Maturity Call Option”. 
Clean-up Call Option: 
If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event 
that at least 75% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series 
of Notes (which for the avoidance of doubt include any additional Notes 
issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a 
particular Series of Notes) has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the 
Issuer will have the option to redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining 
Notes in that Series at their principal amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
See Condition 6(j) “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption, 
Purchase and Options – Clean-up Call Option”. 
Redemption by Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are redeemable 
in two or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts 
in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in “Optional Redemption”, “Residual Maturity Call 
Option” and “Clean-up Call Option” above, Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer prior to their stated maturity only for tax reasons, as set 
out in Condition 6 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption, 
Purchase and Options”. 
Taxation: 
 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and 
clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
 
If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other 
revenues in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon be subject to withholding 
or deduction in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will (subject to certain 
limited exceptions), to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if 
applicable, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders, as the case may be, of 
such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding 
or deduction been required. 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest rate 
or its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for 
any Series. Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, 
or both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest 
at different rates in the same interest period. All such information (except the 
method of calculation) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates in each year 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will be payable in arrear and will bear interest determined 
separately for each Series as follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF 
Master Agreement relating to transactions on forward financial 
instruments as supplemented by the relevant FBF Technical 
Schedules, each as published by the Fédération Bancaire Française; 
or 
 
(ii) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series; or 
 
(iii) 
by reference to EURIBOR, €STR or CMS Rate or any successor rate 
or any alternative rate, in each case as adjusted for any applicable 
margin, subject to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) - “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes – Interest and Other Calculations – Interest on Floating 
Rate Notes – Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes (Benchmark 
discontinuation)”.  
 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both, provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount 
be less than zero. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by reference to the original 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an independent 
adviser to determine a successor or an alternative benchmark and/or screen 
rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the 
application of an adjustment spread). See Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) - “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes – Interest and Other Calculations – Interest 
on 
Floating Rate Notes – Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes (Benchmark 
discontinuation)” for further information. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes: 
 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a Fixed Rate minus a Floating 
Rate. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes: 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a 
Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will 
automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating 
Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to 
it and will not bear interest. 
Redenomination: 
Notes issued in the currency of any Member State of the EU which will 
participate in the single currency of the EU may be redenominated into Euro,

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
all as more fully provided in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Form, 
Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination” below. 
Consolidation: 
Notes of one Series may be consolidated with Notes of another Series as more 
fully provided in Condition 13 - see “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – 
Further Issues and Consolidation“. 
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Clearing Systems: 
(i) Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes 
and (ii) Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing system that may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s) in 
relation to Materialised Notes. 
Initial Delivery of Dematerialised 
Notes: 
Not later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche 
of Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable (for syndicated issues) or the 
application form (in case of non-syndicated issues) relating to such Tranche 
shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial Delivery of Materialised 
Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the 
Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be 
deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with 
any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing system 
provided that the method of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the 
Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Admission to Trading: 
Application may be made for Notes to be issued under the Programme, for a 
period of 12 months from the date of the approval granted by the AMF on this 
Base Prospectus, to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris. The Notes may 
also be admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation or listed on any other stock exchange or market. 
As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be or may not 
be admitted to trading and may be unlisted. 
No offer to retail investors: 
Method of Publication: 
The Notes shall not be offered to retail investors in France or in any other 
Member State of the EEA. 
This Base Prospectus, any Supplement to this Base Prospectus and any 
documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus will be published 
on the websites of (a) the Issuer (www.gecina.fr) and (b), provided they 
constitute documents on which the AMF has granted a filing or registration 
number, the AMF (www.amf-france.org). The Final Terms relating to Notes 
admitted on any Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation will be published, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and 
(b) the Issuer (www.gecina.fr). 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of 
offering material in various jurisdictions including the EEA, the United 
Kingdom, the United States and Japan. See the section headed “Subscription 
and Sale” of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S. 
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) or any successor regulation issued under the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the “Code”) section 4701(b) that 
contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply under Code section

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
163(f)(2)(B) (the “D Rules”) unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that 
such Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. 
§1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) or any successor regulation issued under Code section 
4701(b) that contains rules identical to the rules that currently apply under 
Code section 163(f)(2)(B) (the “C Rules”) or (ii) such Materialised Notes are 
issued other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in 
circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute “registration required 
obligations” under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act 
of 1982 (“TEFRA”), which circumstances will be referred to in the relevant 
Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable. 
Rating: 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme is rated A- (senior 
unsecured debt) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) and A3 
(senior unsecured debt) by Moody’s Investors Service (Nordics) 
(“Moody’s”).  
The long term debt of the Issuer is currently rated A- (with stable outlook) by 
S&P and A3 (with stable outlook) by Moody’s. Notes issued under the 
Programme may, or may not, be rated. The rating of Notes, if any, will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each of S&P and Moody's is established in the European Union, registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) 
and included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance 
with CRA Regulation. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not 
such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. Credit ratings are 
subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the relevant 
rating organisation. Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not 
necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer or the Programme. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Representation of Noteholders: 
Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped 
automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each 
case, the “Masse”). 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the “Representative”) and in part through collective 
decisions of the Noteholders (the “Collective Decisions”). If and for so long 
as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all 
powers, rights and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the 
French Code de Commerce.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and may be 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes to be issued under the Programme.  
Factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for an informed investment 
decision with respect to investing in Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the documents incorporated by reference represent the 
principal risks that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with Notes to be issued 
under the Programme.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any 
documents incorporated by reference herein and the relevant Final Terms) and reach their own views prior to making 
any investment decision. They should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with 
investment in a particular series of Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular 
circumstances.  
 
In each sub-category below the Issuer sets out first the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the 
expected magnitude of their negative impact and the probability of their occurrence. 
Terms used but not defined in this section will have the same meaning given to them in the “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER  
 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer and its activity are set out in particular in pages 40 and 41, 86 to 104 of the 2020 
Universal Registration Document which is incorporated by reference to this Base Prospectus, as set out in the section 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1 
Risks related to legal issues regarding the Notes  
French insolvency law 
As a société anonyme incorporated in France, French insolvency laws apply to the Issuer. The Noteholders, in respect of 
all Tranches in any Series, will be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined 
in Condition 11. However, under French insolvency law, holders of debt securities are automatically grouped into a single 
assembly of holders (the “Assembly”) if a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée), an accelerated financial safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde 
financière accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) is opened in France 
with respect to the Issuer.  
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities issued by the Issuer (including the Notes), whether or not under a 
debt issuance programme (such as the Programme) and regardless of their governing law. 
The Assembly deliberates on the draft proposed safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), draft accelerated 
safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), draft accelerated financial safeguard plan (projet de plan de 
sauvegarde financière accélérée) or draft judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan de redressement) applicable to the 
Issuer and may further agree to:  
 
increase the liabilities (charges) of holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) by rescheduling 
payments which are due and/or partially or totally writing-off debts;  
 
establish an unequal treatment between holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) as appropriate 
under the circumstances; and/or  
 
decide to convert debt securities (including the Notes) into securities that give or may give the right to share 
capital.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority (calculated as a proportion of the amount of debt 
securities held by the holders expressing a vote). No quorum is required to hold the Assembly. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the Representation of the Noteholders described in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus will not be applicable with respect to the Assembly to the extent 
they conflict with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances.  
 
The procedures, as described above or as they may be amended, could have a material adverse impact on holders of the 
Notes seeking repayment in the event that the Issuer or its subsidiaries were to be subject to French insolvency 
proceedings. 
 
It should be noted that Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and 
disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and 
discharge of debt and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 dated 20 June 2019 (the “Restructuring Directive”) shall be 
transposed by the Member States before 17 July 2021. In France, French law n°2019-486 dated 22 May 2019 (Loi Pacte) 
grants the French government twenty-four months to enact appropriate measures through ordinances for the 
implementation of the Restructuring Directive. Depending on how it will be transposed into French law, it may modify 
French insolvency law described above and impact the situation of Noteholders in the event that the Issuer or its 
subsidiaries were to be subject to the relevant French insolvency proceedings. 
 
More specifically the Restructuring Directive is expected to impact the process of adoption of restructuring plans under 
insolvency proceedings. Creditors (including the Noteholders) shall be treated in separate classes which reflect certain 
class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each 
class comprises claims or interests with rights that are sufficiently similar to justify considering the members of the class 
a homogenous group with commonality of interest. As a minimum, secured and unsecured claims shall be treated in 
separate classes for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. A restructuring plan shall be deemed to be adopted by 
affected parties, provided that a majority in the amount of their claims or interests is obtained in each and every class (the 
required majorities shall be laid down by Member States at not higher than 75% in the amount of claims or interests in 
each class). If the restructuring plan is not approved by each and every class of affected parties, the plan may however be 
confirmed by a judicial or administrative authority by applying a cross-class cram-down. Therefore, when the 
Restructuring Directive is transposed into French law, it is expected that holders of notes (including the Noteholders) will 
no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly and accordingly they will no longer benefit 
from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected parties, holders of notes (including the Noteholders) 
will be grouped into one or several classes (with potentially other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may 
possibly be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes issued by the Issuer. Any decisions taken by the Assembly or a class of creditor, as the case may be, could 
have a material adverse impact the Noteholders and even cause them to lose all or part of their investment, should they 
not be able to recover amounts due to them from the Issuer. 
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common 
interests in a Masse, and a General Meeting can be held or a Written Resolution can be implemented (all, as defined in 
Condition 11). The Terms and Conditions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting or did not consent to 
the Written Resolution or Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Noteholders may through 
Collective Decisions deliberate on proposals relating to the modification of the terms and conditions of the Notes subject 
to the limitations provided by French law. If a proposal is duly adopted through such a Collective Decision and such 
modifications were to impair or limit the rights of Noteholders, this may have a negative impact on the market value of 
the Notes.  
By exception to the above provisions, Condition 11(d)(iii) of the Terms and Conditions provides that the provisions of 
Article L.228-65 I. 1°, 3° and 4° of the French Code de commerce (respectively (i) providing for a prior approval of the 
General Meeting of the Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or form of the Issuer, (ii) providing for a prior 
approval of the Noteholders in relation to any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer only to the extent that such proposal 
relates to a merger or demerger with another entity of the Group and (iii) providing for an issue of bonds benefiting from 
a security (sûreté réelle)) shall not apply to the Notes. As a result of these exclusions, the prior approval of the Noteholders 
will not have to be obtained on any such matters which may affect their interests generally.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
2 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow for different types of Notes to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of 
Notes may carry varying risks for Noteholders depending on the specific features of such Notes.  
2.1 Early Redemption Risks 
Any early redemption at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes, could 
cause the yield anticipated by Noteholders to be considerably less than anticipated and the Noteholders may lose part of 
their investment 
The Final Terms for a particular Series of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer (including 
the Make-Whole Redemption provided in Condition 6(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Residual Maturity 
Call Option provided in Condition 6(e) and the Clean-up Call Option provided in Condition 6(j)). Such right of 
redemption is often provided for notes in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest rates decrease, the risk to 
Noteholders that the Issuer will exercise its right of redemption increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon 
redemption may be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase 
price for the Notes paid by the Noteholder. This could have a significant effect and part of the capital invested by the 
Noteholder may be lost, so that the Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In 
addition, investors that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in 
securities with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. Should the Notes at such time be trading well above the price set 
for redemption, the negative impact on the Noteholders' anticipated returns would be significant.  
In particular, with respect to the Clean-up Call Option, there is no obligation under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
for the Issuer to inform investors if and when the threshold of 75% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular 
Series of Notes has been reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer’s right to redeem will exist notwithstanding 
that immediately prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-up Call Option, the Notes may 
have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested. 
Risk related to the liquidity of the Notes subject to early redemption 
Exercise by the Noteholders of the Restructuring Put Option (in accordance with Condition 6(g)(i)) in case of a 
Restructuring Put Event or the Put Option (provided in Condition 6(g)(ii)) in respect of certain Notes may affect the 
liquidity of the Notes of the same Series in respect of which such options are not exercised. Depending on the number of 
Notes of the same Series in respect of which the Restructuring Put Option or the Put Option, is exercised, any trading 
market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may become illiquid.  
The Make-Whole Redemption (provided in Condition 6(d)) and the Residual Maturity Call Option (provided in Condition 
6(e)) are also exercisable in whole or in part. If the Issuer decides to redeem the Notes in part, such partial redemption 
shall be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such Notes in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed. The exercise of such options by the Issuer in respect of certain Notes may affect the liquidity of the Notes of 
the same Series in respect of which such option is not exercised. Depending on the proportion of the principal amount of 
all of the Notes so reduced, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
may become illiquid.  
Redemption for taxation reasons 
 
Unless in the case of any particular Tranche of Notes where the relevant Final Terms specify otherwise, in the event that, 
by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such law, becoming 
effective after the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts in respect of 
any Notes due to any deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature, as provided in Condition 6(i) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
Issuer may and, in certain circumstances shall, redeem all of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption 
Amount in accordance with such Condition 6 (i). During a period when the Issuer may elect, or has elected, to redeem 
Notes, such Notes may feature a market value not substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. As a 
consequence, Noteholders that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may not be able to do 
so at the same yield than the redeemed Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
2.2 Interest Rate Risks 
 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes 
which bear interest at a fixed rate involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect 
the market value of the relevant Tranche of Notes and potentially decrease the yield. As a consequence, the value on 
transfer of the Notes would be less than it would otherwise have been. The degree to which the market interest rate may 
vary may have a significant negative impact on the market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the 
Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Investment in Notes 
which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case 
may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will 
be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or 
six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of 
Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the 
relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the 
relevant reference rate. Should the reference rate be at any time negative, it could, notwithstanding the existence of the 
relevant margin, result in the actual floating rate, consisting in the reference rate and the relevant margin, be lower than 
the relevant margin, provided that in no event will the relevant interest amount be less than zero. The interest amount 
payable on any Interest Payment Date may be different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest 
Payment Date and may have a significant negative impact on the return under the Notes and result in a reduced market 
value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of its Notes. 
Furthermore, if no positive Minimum Rate of Interest is specified as "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest may become negative. In such case, in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes and where Adjusted Interest Rate is specified to be "Applicable" in the Final Terms, future Rates of Interest 
might be adjusted downward and, therefore, whilst the Noteholders will never be obliged to pay any Interest Amount to 
the Issuer, Noteholders may receive an Interest Amount lower than the one that they would have received if Adjusted 
Interest Rate was specified to be "Not Applicable" in the Final Terms. 
 
In addition, a key difference between Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes is that interest income on Floating Rate 
Notes cannot be anticipated. Due to varying interest income, Noteholders are not able to determine a definitive yield of 
Floating Rate Notes at the time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of 
investments having longer fixed interest periods. If the terms and conditions of the Notes provide for frequent interest 
payment dates, Noteholders are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest rates decline. That is, Noteholders may 
reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest rates then prevailing. 
Risks related to the regulation and reform of “benchmarks”  
In accordance with the provisions of Condition 5 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and where the applicable 
Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by 
reference to Reference Rates that constitute “benchmarks” for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
(the “Benchmarks Regulation”) published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and applied since 1 January 
2018. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including EURIBOR and CMS Rate) are the subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than 
in the past, to disappear entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to or referencing such a 
“benchmark”. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and 
the use of a benchmark within the EU. Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark 
discontinuation) which seek to offset any adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a 
material adverse impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular in any of the following 
circumstances:

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
- 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its administrator 
does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction, the administrator is not 
recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the transitional provisions do not apply; and 
- 
if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply with the requirements 
of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark” 
and as a consequence, Noteholders could lose part of their investment. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, 
(including EURIBOR, and CMS Rate) could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” 
or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the “benchmark”.  
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to or 
referencing a “benchmark”. 
If a benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Notes which are linked to or which 
reference such benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Notes 
(please refer to the risk factor entitled "The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any such Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks”" below). However, such fallback 
provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the relevant national authority, as further explained below. 
Depending on the manner in which a benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain 
circumstances (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, result in the application of a backward-looking, 
risk-free overnight rate, whereas the relevant benchmark is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes 
a risk-element based on inter-bank lending or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest Period for which the benchmark 
was available. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any 
Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended the 
existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to material 
benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. The existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation 
were further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 12 February 2021 (the “Amending Regulation”). 
The Amending Regulation introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-down of certain 
benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain benchmarks on the European 
Commission, such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments. These provisions could have a 
negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, certain Notes issued under the Programme linked to or 
referencing such benchmark in the event that the fallback provisions set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes are 
deemed unsuitable. However, there are still uncertainties as to the exact implementation of this provision pending the 
implementing acts taken by the European Commission. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country 
benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023. The European Commission is empowered to further extend this period 
until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or 
regulatory requirements arising from the implementation of delegated regulations. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as reference rates for Floating 
Rate Notes such as €STR 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Euro short term rate (“€STR”), the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) and the Secured Overnight Financing Rates (“SOFR”), as reference rates in the 
capital markets for euro, sterling or U.S. dollar bonds, as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant 
interbank offered rates. The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions and used in relation to Floating Rate Notes that reference a 
risk free rate issued under this Base Prospectus. The Issuer may issue notes referencing €STR, pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in a way that differs materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with any previous notes issued by the Issuer referencing €STR.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
The nascent development of the use of €STR as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as continued development 
of €STR-based rates for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. Interest on Notes which reference 
a risk free rate is only capable of being determined shortly prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.  
In addition, as €STR is published by the European Central Bank, the Issuer has no control over its determination, 
calculation or publication. €STR may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to 
the interests of Noteholders. 
The mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any 
hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or 
disposal of any Notes.  
To the extent the €STR reference rate is discontinued or is no longer published as described in the Terms and Conditions, 
the applicable rate to be used to calculate the Rate of Interest on the Notes will be determined using the alternative 
methods described in the Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. Such methods may result 
in interest payments that are lower than, or do not otherwise correlate over time with, the payment that would have been 
made on the Notes if the €STR reference rate had been provided by the European Central Bank in its current form. 
Accordingly, an investment in any such Floating Rate Notes may entail material risks not associated with similar 
investments in convention debt securities. 
The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked 
to or referencing such “benchmarks” 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest 
is to be determined, Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes provides for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if an inter-bank offered rate (such as EURIBOR) or 
other relevant reference rate, and/or any page on which such benchmark may be published, becomes unavailable, or if 
the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to calculate interest on any Notes 
by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. Such fallback arrangements include the 
possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), with or without the application of an adjustment spread (which, if applied, 
could be positive or negative, and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark), and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure 
the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser and 
without the consent of the Noteholders.  
In certain circumstances, including where no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined or due to 
uncertainty on availability of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the intervention of the Independent Adviser, the 
fallbacks rules may not apply as expected at the relevant time, other fallbacks rules may be used if the benchmark ceased 
or was unavailable, which consist in the rate of interest for such Interest Period to be based on the rate which applied for 
the immediately preceding Interest Period, as set out in the risk factor above entitled “The regulation and reform of 
“benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing such “benchmarks””. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes and as a consequence, 
Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate could 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material adverse effect 
on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should note that, the 
Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the 
circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected commercial consequences and, due to the 
particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to such Noteholder. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate could 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark” or could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Notes linked to or 
referencing a “benchmark”. Investors should note that, the Independent Adviser will have discretion to adjust the relevant

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may not be 
favourable to such Noteholder. The occurrence of a Benchmark Event could result in the loss of a portion of the principal 
amount invested in the relevant Floating Rate Notes. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows Inverse Floating Rate Notes which have an interest rate 
equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate. The market values of such Notes typically are more volatile 
than market values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely 
affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Fixed to Floating Rate Notes to be issued. Fixed to 
Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that will automatically, or that the Issuer may elect to, convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms. The conversion 
(whether automatic or optional) will affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes since it may lead 
to a lower overall cost of borrowing. If a fixed rate is converted to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If a floating rate is converted 
to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes and any such volatility may have an 
adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Condition 5(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Zero Coupon Notes to be issued. Changes in market 
interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes 
because the discounted issue prices are substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon notes can 
suffer higher price losses than other notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero 
Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated with a particularly high price risk. Therefore, in similar market 
conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to higher losses on their investments than the holders of 
other instruments such as Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes. Any such volatility may have an adverse effect on 
the market value of the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium  
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant issue price. The market values of Notes issued 
at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in 
interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. If market interest rates increase, Notes issued at 
a substantial discount from their principal amount can suffer higher price losses than other conventional interest-bearing 
Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. If market interest rates decrease, the market price of Notes issued at a 
substantial premium from their principal amount may increase less than other conventional interest-bearing Notes having 
the same maturity and credit rating.  
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Any such volatility may have an adverse effect on the value of the 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-bearing securities.  
Notes indexed on CMS rates of two different maturities 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes allows for Floating Rate Notes indexed on CMS rates 
of two different maturities to be issued. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprise (i) a reference 
rate or in the case of CMS linked interest, one or two (2) CMS reference rates, which may be added, subtracted or 
multiplied, and/or factored and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate(s). There 
will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rates (e.g., every three months or 
six months). Accordingly, the market value of such Notes may be volatile if changes to the reference rates can only be 
reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. The degree

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
to which the reference rates may vary is uncertain. The interest amount payable on any Interest Payment Date may be 
different from the amount payable on the initial or previous Interest Payment Date and may negatively impact the return 
under the Notes and result in a reduced market value of the Notes if a Noteholder were to dispose of the Notes. 
2.3 Risks relating to Green Bonds 
As described in the section entitled “Use of Proceeds” of this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes, will be used by the Issuer, to the financing or the refinancing of 
a portfolio of eligible green assets, as described in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework (as amended and supplemented) 
available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.gecina.fr/en/investors/financing/debts) (the “Green Bonds”) and in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, and market consensus for a particular project to be defined as, a “green” 
or equivalently labelled project is still under development and such a clear definition or consensus may not develop over 
time. On 18 June 2020, Regulation (EU) No. 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment was adopted by the Council and the European Parliament (the “Taxonomy Regulation”). The Taxonomy 
Regulation establishes a single EU-wide classification system, or “taxonomy”, which provides companies and investors 
with a common language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally sustainable. A 
first delegated act establishing the technical screening criteria for determining the conditions under which an economic 
activity qualifies as contributing substantially to climate change mitigation or climate change adaptation and for 
determining whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental was published 
on 21 April 2021. 
As a result, there is currently no established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to 
what constitutes, a “green” or an equivalently-labelled project, and any project included in the Green Bond Framework 
may not meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green” or other equivalently-labelled performance 
objectives or any adverse environmental and/or other impacts may occur in respect of the portfolio or during the 
implementation of any project relating thereto included in the Green Bond Framework.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any Green Bonds in the manner described in the “Use 
of Proceeds” section of this Base Prospectus, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, the projects relating to assets of 
the portfolio included in the Green Bond Framework may not be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule as expected by the Noteholders. In addition, the use of such 
proceeds may not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements or meet 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply and adverse green or 
other impacts may occur during the implementation of such projects. The projects relating to assets of the portfolio 
included in the Green Bond Framework may not be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome (whether or not related to the environment, social or sustainability aspect) as originally expected or anticipated 
by the Issuer. Further, the amounts of eligible green asset may fall below the total amount of the Issuer’s outstanding 
Green Bonds. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Green Bonds.   
In addition, investors will not have exhaustive visibility on the assets and projects of the portfolio included in the Green 
Bond Framework. Any failure to use the net proceeds from any Green Bonds on assets or projects of the portfolio included 
in the Green Bond Framework or to meet or continue to meet the investment requirements of certain environmentally 
focused investors with respect to any Green Bonds may materially and adversely affect the value and marketability of 
such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets and 
consequently, Noteholders could be adversely affected. 
3 
Risks related to the traded market of the Notes 
Market value of the Notes 
 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Notes will specify the relevant stock exchange where the Notes will be admitted 
to trading, if applicable. Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on 
Euronext Paris and/or on any other Regulated Market or any other stock exchanges. Therefore, the market value of the 
Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional factors, including, but not limited 
to the market interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date and, in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(E) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes if Adjusted Interest Rate is specified to be "Applicable" in the Final 
Terms, the occurrence of negative interest rate periods. If the financial situation of the Issuer deteriorates, it may not be 
able to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes, and investors may lose all or part of their investment.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
The value of the Notes depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and political events in 
France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and Euronext Paris and/or any other Regulated 
Market or stock exchanges on which the Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes 
prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such 
Noteholder. Accordingly, this could have a significant adverse impact on the Noteholders, and or part of the capital 
invested by the Noteholder may be lost upon any transfer of the Notes, so that the Noteholder in such case would receive 
significantly less than the total amount of capital invested. 
Liquidity risks/trading market for the Notes  
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on 
any other Regulated Market or any other stock exchanges. The Notes may not have an established trading market when 
issued. A secondary market for the Notes may not develop or the continued liquidity of such market if one develops. The 
absence of liquidity may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Notes. 
The development or continued liquidity of any secondary market for the Notes will be affected by a number of factors 
such as general economic conditions, the financial condition, the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or the Group, and the 
value of any applicable reference rate, as well as other factors such as the complexity and volatility of the reference rate, 
the method of calculating the return to be paid in respect of such Notes, the time remaining to the maturity of the Notes, 
the outstanding amount of the Notes, any redemption features of the Notes as specified in Condition 6 of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, direction and volatility of interest rates generally. Such factors also will affect the market value 
of the Notes. In addition, the Notes issued under the Programme are “green” Notes, unless otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms, and, as such, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies and therefore may have a more 
limited secondary market and experience more price volatility than conventional debt securities. In the event that any 
such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock 
exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), such listing or admission may not satisfy, whether in whole or 
in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements or meet investment criteria or guidelines with which 
such investor or its investments are required to comply. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Any such listing or 
admission to trading may not be obtained or maintained in respect of any such Notes. 
Noteholders may not be able to sell Notes readily or at prices that will enable Noteholders to realise their anticipated 
yield. This could have a material adverse impact on the Noteholders and, as a result, Noteholders could lose all or part of 
their investment in the Notes.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor's Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and political 
events over which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the 
Notes. 
Government and monetary or financial authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. This may result in a substantial loss on any capital invested from the perspective of 
a Noteholder whose domestic currency is not the Specified Currency.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Certain statements contained in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, 
statements that are predictions of or indicate future events, trends, business strategies, expansion and growth of operations 
plans or objectives, competitive advantage and regulatory changes, based on certain assumptions and include any 
statement that does not directly relate to a historical fact or current fact. The Issuer may also make forward-looking 
statements in its audited annual financial statements, in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, 
in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by its officers, directors or employees to third 
parties. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as, without limitation, “anticipate”, 
“assume”, “believe”, “continue”, “estimate”, “expect”, “foresee”, “intend”, “may increase” and “may fluctuate” and 
similar expressions or by future or conditional verbs such as, without limitation, “will”, “should”, “would” and “could.” 
Undue reliance should not be placed on such statements, because, by their nature, they are subject to known and unknown 
risks, uncertainties, and other factors and actual results may differ materially from any future results, performance or 
achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled “Risk Factors” 
above. 
The Issuer operates in a continually changing environment and new risks emerge continually. Forward-looking statements 
speak only as of the date they are made and the Issuer does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any of these 
forward-looking statements, to reflect new information, future events or circumstances or otherwise. These forward-
looking statements do not constitute profit forecasts or estimates under the Commission Delegated Regulation 2019/980, 
as amended, supplementing the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following sections which are incorporated in, 
and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus and which are included in the following documents, which 
have been previously published and filed with the AMF: 
(a) 
the sections referred to in the table below of the French language Document d’enregistrement universel of the 
Issuer for the financial year 2020 which was filed with the AMF on 16 March 2021 under the registration number 
no. D.21-0130 (the “2020 Universal Registration Document”) (https://www.gecina.fr/sites/default/files/2021-
03/gecina_-_document_denregistrement_universel_2020_1.pdf);  
(b) 
the sections referred to in the table below of the French language Document d’enregistrement universel of the 
Issuer for the financial year 2019 which was filed with the AMF on 13 March 2020 under the registration number 
no. D.20-0130 (the “2019 Universal Registration Document”) (https://www.gecina.fr/sites/default/files/2020-
03/gecina_-_document_denregistrement_universel_2019_-_version_web.pdf);  
(c) 
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 24 April 
2013 which received the visa no. 13-177 on 24 April 2013 from the AMF (the “2013 Terms and Conditions”) 
(https://www.gecina.fr/sites/default/files/pdf_investisseur/20130425-Base_Prospectus_%20visa.PDF),  
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 14 March 
2014 which received the visa no. 14-081 on 14 March 2014 from the AMF (the “2014 Terms and Conditions”) 
(https://www.gecina.fr/sites/default/files/pdf_investisseur_en/20140317BaseProspectuswithvisa.PDF),  
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 16 March 
2015 which received the visa no. 15-090 on 16 March 2015 from the AMF (the “2015 Terms and Conditions”) 
(https://www.gecina.fr/sites/default/files/pdf_investisseur/20150317-BaseProspectusFinalVisa.pdf),  
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 February 
2016 which received the visa no. 16-064 on 29 February 2016 from the AMF (the “2016 Terms and 
Conditions”) 
(https://www.gecina.fr/sites/default/files/pa-16498395-v1-gecina_-_update_2016_-
_base_prospectus_final_with_visa_0.pdf),  
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 13 March 
2017 which received the visa no. 17-093 on 13 March 2017 from the AMF (the “2017 Terms and Conditions”) 
(https://www.gecina.fr/sites/default/files/pa-18724019-v1-gecina_-_base_prospectus_2017_-_visa_amf_17-
093.pdf),  
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 6 March 
2018 which received the visa no. 18-074 on 6 March 2018 from the AMF (the “2018 Terms and Conditions”) 
(https://www.gecina.fr/sites/default/files/gecina_-_update_2018_-_base_prospectus_final_with_visa.pdf),  
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 28 February 
2019 which received the visa no. 19-067 on 28 February 2019 from the AMF (the “2019 Terms and 
Conditions”) 
(https://www.gecina.fr/sites/default/files/pa-22552626-v1-gecina_-_update_2019_-
_base_prospectus_with_visa.pdf),  
the section “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” contained in the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 29 July 
2020 which received the approval no. 20-374 on 29 July 2020 from the AMF (the “2020 Terms and 
Conditions” and, together with, the 2013 Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 2014 Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes, the 2015 Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 2016 Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
2017 Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 2018 Terms and Conditions and the 2019 Terms and Conditions, 
the “Previous Terms and Conditions”) (https://www.gecina.fr/sites/default/files/2020-07/euo2-2000418604-
v1_gecina_-_update_2020_-_base_prospectus_final.pdf);  
which are identified in the cross reference table below. Such sections are incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form 
part of, this Base Prospectus. Non-incorporated parts of the documents incorporated by reference are either not relevant 
for the investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any information not listed in the cross reference list but included in the documents incorporated by reference is given for 
information purposes only and is not incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
For the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is set 
out in the cross reference table below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer 
as a result of Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended, supplementing the 
Prospectus Regulation is referred to in the cross reference table below.  
For information purposes only, free translations in the English language of the 2019 Universal Registration Document, 
and the 2020 Universal Registration Document are available on the Issuer's website (www.gecina.fr). 
Any statement contained in the 2019 Universal Registration Document and the 2020 Universal Registration Document 
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. Statements contained in any Supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference 
therein) published in accordance with section headed “Supplement to the Base Prospectus” of this Base Prospectus shall, 
to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the information on the websites 
to which this Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the websites which appear in 
the documents incorporated by reference) refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the AMF. 
The Base Prospectus (together with any Final Terms relating to Notes admitted to trading on Regulated Market) will also 
be published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
 
Annex VII of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 (as amended) – 
Registration document for wholesale non-equity securities 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page no. in the relevant document 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are specific 
to the issuer and that may affect the issuer’s ability 
to fulfil its obligations under the securities, in a 
limited number of categories, in a section headed 
‘Risk Factors’. 
 
In each category the most material risks, in the 
assessment of the issuer, offeror or person asking for 
admission to trading on a regulated market, taking 
into account the negative impact on the issuer and 
the probability of their occurrence, shall be set out 
first. The risk factors shall be corroborated by the 
content of the registration document. 
p. 40 and 41, 86 to 104 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
p. 350 in 2020 Universal Registration Document 
 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the Issuer, its 
registration number and legal entity identifier 
(“LEI”). 
p. 350 in 2020 Universal Registration Document 
 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and length of life of the 
Issuer, except where the period is indefinite. 
p. 350 in 2020 Universal Registration Document 
 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, the 
legislation under which the Issuer operates, its 
country of incorporation, the address, telephone 
number of its registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered office) and 
website of the Issuer, if any, with a disclaimer that 
the information on the website does not form part of 
p. 350 in 2020 Universal Registration Document

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
the 
prospectus 
unless 
that 
information 
is 
incorporated by reference into the prospectus. 
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the Issuer and which 
are to a material extent relevant to the evaluation of 
the Issuer’s solvency. 
p. 227 and 228 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 
Principal activities  
5.1.1 
A brief description of the issuer’s principal activities 
stating the main categories of products sold and/or 
services performed. 
p. 12 to 14 and 22 to 27 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements made by the issuer 
regarding its competitive position. 
p. 10 and 11 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1 
If the issuer is part of a group, a brief description of 
the group and the issuer’s position within the group. 
This may be in the form of, or accompanied by, a 
diagram of the organisational structure if this helps 
to clarify the structure.  
p. 229 à 233 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
6.2 
If the issuer is dependent upon other entities within 
the group, this must be clearly stated together with 
an explanation of this dependence. 
p. 73 to 76 and 264 to 266 in 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions within the 
issuer of the following persons and an indication of 
the principal activities performed by them outside of 
that issuer where these are significant with respect 
to that issuer: 
 
(a) members of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies; 
p. 166 to 180 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
9.2 
Administrative, management, and supervisory 
bodies conflicts of interests 
 
Potential conflicts of interests between any duties to 
the issuer, of the persons referred to in item 9.1, and 
their private interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there are no such 
conflicts, a statement to that effect must be made. 
p. 195 and 196 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1 
To the extent known to the issuer, state whether the 
issuer is directly or indirectly owned or controlled 
and by whom and describe the nature of such control 
and describe the measures in place to ensure that 
such control is not abused. 
p. 264 and 265 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
10.2 
A description of any arrangements, known to the 
issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent 
date result in a change in control of the issuer. 
p. 217 in 2020 Universal Registration Document

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER’S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
11.1.1 
Historical financial information covering the latest 
two financial years (at least 24 months) or such 
shorter period as the issuer has been in operation and 
the audit report in respect of each year 
 
Consolidated financial statements 2019: 
 
p. 196 to 247 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document 
audit report: p. 293 to 296 
Non-consolidated financial statements 2019: 
 
p. 248 to 269 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document 
audit report: p. 297 to 300 
Consolidated financial statements 2020: 
 
p. 219 to 267 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
audit report: p. 341 to 344 
Non-consolidated financial statements 2020: 
 
p. 269 to 285 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
audit report: p. 345 to 348 
11.1.3 
Accounting standards 
 
The financial information must be prepared 
according to International Financial Reporting 
Standards as endorsed in the Union based on 
Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 
p. 196 to 247 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
p. 219 to 267 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11.1.4 
Where the audited financial information is prepared 
according to national accounting standards, the  
financial information must include at least the 
following: 
 
Non-consolidated financial statements 2019: 
(a) the balance sheet; 
 
 
(b) the income statement; 
 
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
 
p. 250 and 251 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
p. 252 in 2019 Universal Registration Document 
 
p. 255 / p. 254 to 269 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document 
Non-consolidated financial statements 2020: 
(a) the balance sheet; 
 
(b) the income statement; 
 
(c) the accounting policies and explanatory notes. 
p. 270 and 271 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
p. 272 in 2020 Universal Registration Document 
 
p. 273 to 289 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
11.1.5 
 
Consolidated financial statements  
 
If the issuer prepares both stand-alone and 
consolidated financial statements, include at least 
the consolidated financial statements in the 
registration document 
p. 196 to 247 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document  
 
p. 219 to 267 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
11.1.6 
Age of financial information  
 
The balance sheet date of the last year of audited 
financial information may not be older than 18 
months from the date of the registration document 
p. 220 and 221 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
11.2 
Auditing 
of 
historical 
annual 
financial 
information 
 
11.2.1 
The historical financial information must be 
independently audited. The audit report shall be 
prepared in accordance with the Directive 
2006/43/EC and Regulation (EU) No 537/2014. 
p. 293 to 300 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document 
p. 341 to 348 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
11.2.1a 
Where audit reports on the historical financial 
information have been refused by the statutory 
auditors or where they contain qualifications, 
modifications of opinion, disclaimers or an 
emphasis of matter, the reason must be given, and 
such qualifications, modifications, disclaimers or 
emphasis of matter must be reproduced in full. 
p. 294 in 2019 Universal Registration Document 
 
11.2.2 
Indication of other information in the registration 
document which has been audited by the auditors. 
p. 300 and 301 in 2019 Universal Registration 
Document 
p. 349 in 2020 Universal Registration Document 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
11.3.1 
Information on any governmental, legal or 
arbitration 
proceedings 
(including 
any 
such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering 
at least the previous 12 months which may have, or 
have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
Issuer and/or group’s financial position or 
profitability, or provide an appropriate negative 
statement. 
p. 250 and 251 in 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
The Previous Terms and Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose only of further 
issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with notes already issued under the relevant 
Previous Terms and Conditions. 
 
Previous Terms and Conditions 
Base Prospectus dated 24 April 2013 (“2013 Base Prospectus”) 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 23 to 51 
 
 Base Prospectus dated 14 March 2014 (“2014 Base Prospectus”) 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 23 to 54 
 
Base Prospectus dated 16 March 2015 (“2015 Base Prospectus”) 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 25 to 56 
 
Base Prospectus dated 29 February 2016 (“2016 Base Prospectus”) 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 25 to 57 
 
Base Prospectus dated 13 March 2017 (“2017 Base Prospectus”) 
 Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 22 to 53 
 
Base Prospectus dated 6 March 2018 (“2018 Base Prospectus”) 
 Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 24 to 54

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus dated 28 February 2019 (“2019 Base Prospectus”) 
 Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 26 to 59 
 
Base Prospectus dated 29 July 2020 (“2020 Base Prospectus”) 
 Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
Pages 30 to 67 
 
Non-incorporated parts of the 2013 Base Prospectus, the 2014 Base Prospectus, the 2015 Base Prospectus, the 2016 Base 
Prospectus, the 2017 Base Prospectus, the 2018 Base Prospectus, the 2019 Base Prospectus and the 2020 Base Prospectus 
are not relevant for the investors.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions of 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 18 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979, as amended,  
following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information 
included or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (including the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) which 
may affect the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or a restated Base Prospectus, which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be admitted to 
trading on Euronext Paris or on a Regulated Market, shall constitute a supplement to the Base Prospectus for the purpose 
of the relevant provisions of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and 
the Issuer (www.gecina.com) and (b) available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during 
usual business hours, on any weekday at the registered office of the Issuer.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion by the relevant Final Terms, shall be 
applicable to the Notes. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on 
physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the 
case of Materialised Notes, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of 
the Final Terms or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed, supplemented (and subject to simplification by the 
deletion of non-applicable provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. All capitalised terms that are 
not defined in these terms and conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References 
to “Conditions” are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. References in the 
Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Gecina (the “Issuer” or “Gecina”) in series (each a “Series”) having one or more issue dates 
and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal 
amount of the Tranche), the Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. 
Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a “Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of 
each Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof and 
interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue 
and will be set out in the final terms of such Tranche (the “Final Terms”). 
An amended and restated agency agreement dated 18 June 2021 has been entered into between the Issuer, Société 
Générale as, inter alia, fiscal agent and the other agents named in it (as amended or supplemented as at the Issue Date, 
the “Agency Agreement”). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, the redenomination agent, the consolidation agent, the 
calculation agent(s) and the put agent for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Fiscal Agent”, 
the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the “Redenomination Agent”, the 
“Consolidation Agent”, the “Calculation Agent(s)” and the “Put Agent”. 
For the purpose of these Terms and Conditions, “Regulated Market” means any regulated market as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended, situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”). 
1 
Form, Denomination(s), Title and Redenomination 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form (“Dematerialised Notes”) or in materialised form 
(“Materialised Notes”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-
1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No 
physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant to Article R. 211-7 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, either in bearer dematerialised form (au 
porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (“Euroclear France”, acting as 
central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined below), or in 
registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder in either administered registered form (au nominatif administré) inscribed in the books of 
an Account Holder designated by the relevant noteholder or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) 
inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or the registration agent (designated in the relevant 
Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the “Registration Agent”). 
Unless this option is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms in accordance with the provisions 
of Article L.228-2 of the French Code de commerce, the Issuer may at any time request from the central 
depositary the following identification information of the holders of Dematerialised Notes in bearer 
form (au porteur): the name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation 
and mail address or, as the case may be, e-mail address as well as the quantity of Notes held by each of 
them and any restrictions applicable to the Notes. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, “Account Holder” means any authorised intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and 
includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”), and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(“Clearstream”).

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes in definitive form (“Definitive 
Materialised Notes”) are serially numbered and are issued with interest coupons (the “Coupons”) 
(and, where appropriate, a talon (the “Talon”) for further Coupons) attached, save in the case of Zero 
Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the 
Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued 
with one or more receipts for the payment of instalments of principal (the “Receipts”) attached. The 
holders of Coupons and Talons and the holders of Receipts are respectively referred to below as the 
“Couponholders” and the “Receiptholders”. 
In accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities (such as Notes constituting obligations under French law) which are governed by 
French law and are in materialised form must be issued outside the French territory. 
Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes may also be cleared through one or more clearing system(s) other 
than or in addition to Euroclear France, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The Notes may be “Fixed Rate Notes”, “Floating Rate Notes”, “Zero Coupon Notes”, “Inverse Floating 
Rate Notes”, “Fixed to Floating Rate Notes” or a combination of any of the foregoing. 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final Terms 
(the “Specified Denomination(s)”), save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on 
a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency at the issue date) or such other higher amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant monetary or financial authority or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Unless permitted by the then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) 
which have a maturity of less than one (1) year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) and in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only 
be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts held by the Issuer or the Registration 
Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Notes in definitive form including, where appropriate, Coupons, 
Receipt(s) and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined 
below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute 
owner for all purposes, whether or not such Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is overdue and regardless 
of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall 
be liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, “Noteholder”, “holder of Notes” or, as the case may be, “holder of any Note” 
means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the individual or entity whose name appears in the 
account held by the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may 
be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive 
Materialised Note and the Receipts, Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the 
meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that 
such term is not applicable to the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
(d) 
Redenomination: 
(i) 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any Interest Payment Date, without the 
consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar 
days' notice in accordance with Condition 14 and on or after the date on which the European Member 
State in whose national currency the Notes are denominated has become a participating Member State 
in the single currency of the European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty 
establishing the European Community (the “EC”), as amended from time to time (the “Treaty”), or 
events have occurred which have substantially the same effect (in either case, “EMU”), redenominate 
all, but not some only, of the Notes of any Series into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount 
and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms accordingly, as described below. 
The date on which such redenomination becomes effective shall be referred to in these Conditions as 
the “Redenomination Date”. 
(ii) 
The redenomination of the Notes pursuant to Condition 1(d)(i) shall be made by converting the 
principal amount of each Note from the relevant national currency into Euro using the fixed relevant 
national currency Euro conversion rate established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to 
applicable regulations of the Treaty and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Euro 0.01 (with 
Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). If the Issuer so elects, the figure resulting from conversion of the 
principal amount of each Note using the fixed relevant national currency Euro conversion rate shall be 
rounded down to the nearest Euro. The Euro denominations of the Notes so determined shall be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. Any balance remaining from the redenomination with 
a denomination higher than Euro 0.01 shall be paid by way of cash adjustment rounded to the nearest 
Euro 0.01 (with Euro 0.005 being rounded upwards). Such cash adjustment will be payable in Euro on 
the Redenomination Date in the manner notified to Noteholders by the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Upon redenomination of the Notes, any reference in the relevant Final Terms to the relevant national 
currency shall be construed as a reference to Euro. 
(iv) 
The Issuer may, in connection with any redenomination pursuant to this Condition or any consolidation 
pursuant to Condition 13, without the consent of the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon, 
make any changes or additions to this Condition or Condition 13 (including, without limitation, any 
change to any applicable business day definition, business day convention, principal financial centre of 
the country of the Specified Currency, interest accrual basis or benchmark), taking into account market 
practice in respect of redenominated euromarket debt obligations and which it believes are not 
prejudicial to the interests of such holders. Any such changes or additions shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be binding on the holders of Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons and shall be notified 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(v) 
Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent shall be liable to the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or 
Talon or other person for any commissions, costs, losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from 
the credit or transfer of Euro or any currency conversion or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
2 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered dematerialised form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered dematerialised form (au nominatif) may not be converted 
into Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the holder 
of such Notes, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), and 
vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such Noteholder shall be made in accordance with Article 
R. 211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost 
of such Noteholder.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of another 
Specified Denomination. 
3 
Status 
The Notes and, where applicable, any Receipts and Coupons relating to them, constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 below) and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference or priority among themselves and (subject to 
such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and rateably with all other present 
or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer. 
4 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remains outstanding (as 
defined below), the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form 
of encumbrance or security interest which would constitute a sûreté réelle or its equivalent under any applicable 
legislation upon all or part of its business (fonds de commerce), assets or revenues, present or future, to secure 
(i) any Bond Indebtedness (as defined below) other than Securitised Bond Indebtedness (as defined below) or 
(ii) any guarantee of or indemnity in respect of any Bond Indebtedness (other than Securitised Bond 
Indebtedness) (whether before or after the issue of the Notes) unless the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons are equally and rateably secured therewith so as to rank pari passu with such Bond 
Indebtedness or the guarantee or indemnity thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition relates 
exclusively to the issuance of Bond Indebtedness and in no way affects the Issuer's ability to dispose of its Assets 
(as defined in Condition 9 below) or to otherwise grant any Security Interest over or in respect of such Assets 
under any other circumstances. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Bond Indebtedness” means the Notes, all other outstanding Series of Notes, and any other present or future 
indebtedness for borrowed money in the form of, or represented by, bonds (obligations) or other securities 
(including titres de créances négociables) which are, or are capable of being, quoted, admitted to trading or 
ordinarily dealt in any stock exchange, over-the-counter or other securities market; 
“outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) those that have 
been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption in 
accordance with the Conditions has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such 
Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have been duly paid as provided 
in Condition 7 and remain available for payment against presentation and surrender of Notes, Receipts and/or 
Coupons, as the case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed under Condition 10, (d) those which have been purchased and cancelled as provided in the 
Conditions, (e) in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised 
Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Definitive Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the 
purpose only of determining how many Notes are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other 
purpose) those Definitive Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of 
which replacement Definitive Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate 
to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its 
provisions; 
“Securitised Bond Indebtedness” means any Bond Indebtedness of the Issuer incurred in respect of or in 
connection with any securitisation or similar financing arrangement relating to Assets owned by the Issuer and 
where the recourse of the holders of such Bond Indebtedness against the Issuer is limited solely to such Assets 
or any income generated therefrom; 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest 
which would constitute a sûreté réelle or any other agreement or arrangement having substantially the same 
economic effect (including, but not limited to, any retention of title, lease or hire-purchase arrangement).

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
5 
Interest and Other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday, on which the Trans European Automated 
Real Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System is operating (a 
“TARGET Business Day”) and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for 
that currency and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more business centre(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the “Business Centre(s)”), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if 
no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so specified. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any period 
of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an 
Interest Period or an Interest Accrual Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/365”, “Actual/365 – FBF” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five 
(365) (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by three hundred and 
sixty-six (366) and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a 
non-leap year divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365)); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of: 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in which it 
begins divided by the product of (i) the number of days in such Determination Period and (ii) 
the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination Period divided 
by the product of (i) the number of days in such Determination Period and (ii) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
in each case where: 
“Determination Date” means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, 
the Interest Payment Date 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date and 
(iii) 
if “Actual/Actual FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during the Calculation Period and whose denominator is three hundred 
and sixty-five (365) (or three hundred and sixty-six (366) if 29 February falls within the Calculation 
Period). If the Calculation Period is of a term of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be calculated as 
follows:

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
(x) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation 
Period; and 
(y) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as shown 
above; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365) 
(v) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360) 
(vi) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360), calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be thirty-one (31), in which case D1 will be thirty (30); and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be thirty-one (31) and D1 is greater than twenty-nine 
(29), in which case D2 will be thirty (30); 
(vii) 
if “30/360-FBF” or “Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)” is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is three hundred and sixty 
(360) and whose numerator is the number of days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, subject to the 
following exception: 
Where the last day of the Calculation Period is the thirty-first (31st) and the first (1st) day is neither the 
thirtieth (30th) nor the thirty-first (31st), the last month of the period shall be deemed to be a month of 
thirty-one (31) calendar days. Using the previous notation same abbreviations as with 30E/360-FBF, 
the fraction is: 
If 
 and 
 
then: 
 









360
D1
D2
M1
M2
30
Y1
Y2
360
Fraction
Count
Day








31
dd2 


30,31
dd1 








dd1
dd2
30
mm1
mm2
360
yy1
yy2
360
1









--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
or 
; 
(viii) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360), calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be thirty-one (31), in which case D1 will be thirty (30); and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D2 will be thirty (30); 
(ix) 
if “Actual 30E/360” or “30E/360-FBF” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each 
Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is three hundred and sixty (360) and whose 
numerator is the number of days elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year 
comprising twelve (12) months of thirty (30) calendar days, subject to the following the exception: 
if the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, the number of days 
elapsed during such month shall be taken as the actual number of days, 
where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
the fraction is: 
 
(x) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360), calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period falls; 










30
dd1,
Min
30
dd2,
Min
30
mm1
mm2
360
yy1
yy2
360
1

















360
D1
D2
M1
M2
30
dY1
Y2
360
Fraction
Count
Day


















30
dd1,
Min
30
dd2,
Min
30
mm1
mm2
360
yy1
yy2
360
1

















360
D1
D2
M1
M2
30
Y1
Y2
360
Fraction
Count
Day









--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first (1st) day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D1 will be thirty 
(30); and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date (as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms) or (ii) such number would be thirty-one (31), in which case D2 will be 
thirty (30). 
“Euro-Zone” means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that have adopted or adopt 
the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time 
to time. 
“FBF Definitions” means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to transactions on 
forward financial instruments (as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) as published 
by the Fédération Bancaire Française (the “FBF”) (together the “FBF Master Agreement”)), as may be 
supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
“Interest Accrual Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable for a particular period, and in the case of Fixed Rate 
Notes, means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first (1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or 
(ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two 
(2) Business Days in the city specified in the relevant Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first 
(1st) day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
“Interest Payment Date” means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date or the relevant 
payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
“Interest Period Date” means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., as may be supplemented or amended as at the Issue Date. 
“Margin” shall be the percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is either 
specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms, which, for the avoidance 
of doubt, shall include any applicable Margin.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR or €STR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over the counter 
index options market), in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” means the rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms which shall be either EURIBOR, 
€STR or CMS Rate. 
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect of it 
first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes if earlier) the date seven 
(7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such Materialised Notes that, upon 
further presentation of the Materialised Note, Receipt or Coupon being made in accordance with the Conditions, 
such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms or such other page, section, caption, column or other part 
as may replace it on that information service or on such other information service, in each case as may be 
nominated by the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose 
of displaying rates or prices comparable to that Reference Rate. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from and 
including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. If a fixed amount of interest 
(“Fixed Coupon Amount”) or a broken amount of interest (“Broken Amount”) is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable 
on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. In each case, the amount of 
interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(k). 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from and including the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The 
amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(k). Such Interest 
Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest Payment Dates 
or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment 
Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the relevant Final 
Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first (1st) 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the month 
in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be 
applied on an “unadjusted” basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the 
application of that Business Day Convention.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the provisions below 
relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending 
upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that if Adjusted Interest Rate is specified 
to be "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for a given Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in accordance with (E) below. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), “FBF Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction (échange) in the relevant Specified Currency incorporating the FBF Definitions 
and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(b) 
the Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) is 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent” and 
“Floating Rate Determination Date” are translations of the French terms “Taux Variable”, 
“Agent de Calcul” and “Date de Détermination du Taux Variable”, respectively, which have 
the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions. 
If the paragraph “Floating Rate” in the relevant Final Terms provides that the rate of interest 
will be determined by linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to such Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent by linear 
interpolation between two (2) rates of interest based on the relevant Floating Rate, provided 
that the first rate of interest corresponds to a maturity immediately inferior to the duration of 
the relevant Interest Period and the second rate corresponds to a maturity immediately superior 
to the same relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus 
or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of 
this sub-paragraph (B), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
(c) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period or such other 
date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
If the paragraph “Floating Rate Option” in the relevant Final Terms provides that the rate of 
interest will be determined by linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to such Interest Period will be calculated by the Calculation Agent by linear 
interpolation between two (2) rates of interest based on the relevant Floating Rate, provided 
that the first rate of interest corresponds to a maturity immediately inferior to the duration of

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
the relevant Interest Period and the second rate corresponds to a maturity immediately superior 
to the same relevant Interest Period. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being EURIBOR: 
(i) 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
(x) 
the offered quotation; or 
(y) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears on 
the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. Brussels time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there 
is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall 
be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean of such offered quotations. 
(ii) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (a)(x)  
applies and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
or if sub-paragraph (a)(y)  applies and fewer than three such quotations 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case at the time specified 
above, subject as provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any), and  
(iii) 
if paragraph (ii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject 
as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the 
rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market 
or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) 
informs the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in as the case 
may be, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, provided that, if the Rate of 
Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions 
of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period) except that if (i) the Calculation Agent 
determines in good faith that the absence of quotation is due to the 
discontinuation of the Reference Rate (including the cessation of the 
publication of the Reference Rate or the cessation of the existence of the 
Reference Rate) or (ii) following the adoption of a decision to withdraw the 
authorisation or registration pursuant to article 35 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously authorised to publish 
any Reference Rate under any applicable laws or regulations, then the 
Reference Rate will be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) below. 
If the paragraph “Reference Rate” in the relevant Final Terms provides that the rate 
of interest will be determined by linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to this Interest Period will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by linear interpolation between two (2) rates of interest based on 
the applicable Reference Rate, provided that the first rate corresponds to a maturity 
immediately inferior to the duration of the relevant Interest Period and the second 
rate corresponds to a maturity immediately superior to the same Interest Period. 
(b) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being CMS Rate, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be determined by 
the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms by reference to the following formula:  
CMS Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any) 
or by reference to the following combination formula: 
 
m × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] [+/−/×] n × CMS Rate[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] 
where each of “m” and “n” means the number specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each 
of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for 
the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide 
the Calculation Agent with such quotations, the CMS Rate for such Interest Accrual 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations (rounded if necessary, to the 
nearest hundredth of a percentage point, with 0.005 being rounded upwards), 
eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and 
the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date, for any reason, the Reference Rate is no longer 
published or less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the 
CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent on such commercial basis 
as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in 
accordance with standard market practice.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (b):

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
“CMS Rate” shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Relevant Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on 
the Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.  
“CMS Reference Banks” means (i) where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five leading swap dealers in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) 
where the Relevant Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five leading 
swap dealers in the London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Relevant Currency is 
United States dollars, the principal New York City office of five leading swap dealers 
in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Relevant 
Currency, the principal relevant financial centre office of five leading swap dealers 
in the relevant financial centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent.  
“Designated Maturity” and “Specified Time” shall have the meaning given to those 
terms in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Relevant Swap Rate” means:  
(i) 
where the Relevant Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-
for-floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Accrual Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case 
calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-
EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated 
maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to standard 
market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and  
(ii) 
where the Relevant Currency is any other currency of if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance 
with the relevant Final Terms. 
“Representative Amount” means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(c) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and the Reference Rate in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, be the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the 
reference rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Interest Determination Date, in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
where the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one ten-
thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business 
Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR 
for such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business 
Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective 
Date have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period on or after such €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB Recommended Rate. 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be 
determined as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET 
Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after that ECB 
Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if references 
to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR.  
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the 
remaining term to maturity of the Notes and shall be published by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall be that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as if the rate of €STR for 
each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period on or after such €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published ECB 
Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published 
ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR.  
For the purpose of this paragraph (c): 
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“do” is the number of TARGET Business Days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“ECB Recommended Rate” means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for 
the purpose of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by 
the European Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Issuer and 
notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to 
the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely,

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate; 
“ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Issuer and notified by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“ECB €STR Guideline” means Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central 
Bank of 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended 
from time to time; 
“EDFR” means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the 
European Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have 
adopted the Euro) as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
“EDFR Spread” means: 
a) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and 
the EDFR for each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the 
date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
b) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean 
of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for 
each of the 30 TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date on which 
the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
“€STR” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate representing 
the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro 
area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central Bank 
(as defined below) at or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro 
short-term rate is published as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR 
Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the 
TARGET Business Day immediately following such TARGET Business Day; 
“€STRi-pTBD” means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling “p” TARGET 
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day “i”; 
“€STR Index Cessation Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events, as determined by the Issuer and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent: 
a) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that,

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide €STR; or 
b) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
€STR; 
“€STR Index Cessation Effective Date” means, in respect of an €STR Index 
Cessation Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Issuer 
and notified by the Issuer to the Calculation Agent; 
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
“Modified EDFR” means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread; 
“ni” for any TARGET Business Day “i” is the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant TARGET Business Day “i” up to, but excluding, the 
immediately following TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
“Observation Look-Back Period” is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Observation Period” means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
and including the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Observation Period shall begin on and 
include the date falling “p” TARGET Business Days prior to the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling “p” TARGET 
Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual Period (or the 
date falling “p” TARGET Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the 
Notes become due and payable); 
“p” means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET Business 
Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period; and 
“Website of the European Central Bank” means the website of the European Central 
Bank currently at https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html or any 
successor source officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
(D) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate at any time when the Terms and Conditions of any Notes provide for 
any rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate, and Screen Rate Determination applies, then the following 
provisions shall apply and prevail over other fallbacks specified in Condition 5(c). 
 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(b)) and, in either case, an Adjustment

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(c)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments, if any (in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) shall act in 
good faith as an expert and (in the absence of manifest error or fraud) shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation 
Agent or any other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, or the Noteholders for any determination made by it pursuant to 
this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). 
 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines in good faith that: 
 
(I) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(d)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)); or  
(II) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D)(d)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
further operation of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)). 
 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
 
 If the Independent Adviser, determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or 
methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part 
thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
 
 If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and the Independent Adviser determines in good faith (A) 
that amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Days or Relevant Screen 
Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and 
(B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(e), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to give 
effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
 
 
 In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D), the 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading. 
 
(e) 
Notices, etc. 
 
 The Issuer shall, after receiving such information from the Independent Adviser, notify 
the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Representative (if any) 
and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, promptly of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D). Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and binding, and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
 
 The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest 
error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
 
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
 Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5(c)(iii) will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be), and of any Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments.  
 
(g) 
Fallbacks 
 
 If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of 
the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no 
Independent Adviser has been appointed or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision, the fallbacks for the Original 
Reference Rate specified in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C), namely the Rate of Interest determined 
on the last preceding Interest Determination Date will continue to apply to such 
determination (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual 
Period). 
 
 
 In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, 
to elect to re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D), mutatis mutandis, on one 
or more occasions until a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, if applicable, any 
associated Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and 
notified in accordance with this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (and, until such determination and 
notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in these Terms and 
Conditions including, for the avoidance of doubt, the fallbacks specified in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C), will continue to apply in accordance with their terms). This may result in the 
Rate of Interest determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date being the 
Rate of Interest for the Interest Period in question. 
 
(h) 
Definitions 
In this Condition 5(c)(iii)(D): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and 
is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as 
an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
b) in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (a) above 
does not apply), is in customary market usage in the international debt capital market 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Alternative Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); 
or

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the 
Independent Adviser determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Independent Adviser, acting in good faith, determines 
to be appropriate.  
“Alternative Rate” means, in the absence of Successor Rate, an alternative benchmark 
or screen rate which the Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) and which is customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate: 
a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
b) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no 
successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six (6) months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (b)(i); 
c) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently 
or indefinitely discontinued;  
d) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, 
on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) 
the date falling six (6) months prior to the specified date referred to in (d)(i);  
e) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, in each case within the following six (6) months;  
f) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become unlawful for 
the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, 
under the Benchmarks Regulation, if applicable); 
g) 
that a decision to withdraw the authorisation or registration pursuant to Article 35 
of the Benchmarks Regulation of any benchmark administrator previously 
authorised to publish such Original Reference Rate has been adopted; or 
h) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate, in the opinion of the 
supervisor, is no longer representative of an underlying market or that its method 
of calculation has significantly changed. 
“Benchmarks Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 2016, as 
amended. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5(c)(iii)(D)(a).

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
originally specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any 
relevant component part(s) thereof) on the Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or 
b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (i) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (ii) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (iii) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (iv) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body and if, following a 
Benchmark Event, two or more successor or replacement rates are recommended by any 
Relevant Nominating Body, the Independent Adviser, shall determine which of those 
successor or replacement rates is most appropriate, having regard to, inter alia, the 
particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of the Issuer.  
(E) 
Adjusted Interest Rate 
 
If Adjusted Interest Rate is specified to be "Applicable" in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for a given Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined as follows: 
a) if the Rate of Interest determined with respect to the preceding Interest Accrual Period 
(if any) pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) was above zero, the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
provisions above relating to either FBF Determination, ISDA Determination or 
Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;  
b) if the Rate of Interest determined with respect to the preceding Interest Accrual Period 
(if any) pursuant to this Condition 5(c)(iii)(E) was equal to or below zero, the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Accrual Period shall be equal to the sum of (A) the 
rate of interest, positive or negative, determined for such Interest Accrual Period in 
the manner specified in the provisions above relating to either FBF Determination, 
ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, and (B) the Rate of Interest, negative or equal 
to zero, determined for the preceding Interest Accrual Period pursuant to this 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(E);  
it being specified that: 
c) the Rate of Interest for the first Interest Accrual Period will be determined in 
accordance with (a) above as if the Rate of Interest in respect of the preceding Interest 
Accrual Period was above zero; and 
d) if the Rate of Interest for a given Interest Accrual Period, as determined pursuant to 
(a) or (b) above, is a negative number, no Interest Amount will be paid by the Issuer 
to the Noteholders on the relevant Interest Payment Date (for the avoidance of doubt, 
no payment will be made by the Noteholders to the Issuer in respect of a negative 
Rate of Interest); and

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
for the avoidance of doubt, if Adjusted Interest Rate is not specified to be "Applicable" in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero.  
If the paragraph “Reference Rate” in the relevant Final Terms provides that the rate of interest will be determined 
by linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to such Interest Period will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by linear interpolation between two (2) rates of interest based on the 
relevant Reference rate, provided that the first rate of interest corresponds to a maturity immediately inferior to 
the duration of the relevant Interest Period and the second rate corresponds to a maturity immediately superior 
to the same relevant Interest Period. 
(d) 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes: Inverse Floating Rate Notes bear interest at a Fixed Rate (as determined in 
Condition 5(b) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes)) minus a Floating Rate (as determined in Condition 5(c) (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes)), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes: Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may 
elect to convert on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from 
a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate on the date set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(f) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon, is repayable prior 
to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date shall be 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of Interest for any overdue 
principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(as described in Condition 6(h)(i)). 
(g) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the 
case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and 
after judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date (as defined 
in Condition 8). 
(h) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms, either (x) generally, in which case an adjustment 
shall be made to all Rates of Interest, or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods, in which 
case an adjustment shall be made to the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, such 
adjustment shall be calculated (in either case) in accordance with Condition 5(c) above by adding (if a 
positive number) or subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject 
always to the next paragraph; 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be; and 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth (1/100,000) of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven (7) figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that 
fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes “unit” 
means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country(ies) of such 
currency. 
(i) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day 
Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms in respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such 
period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two (2) or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual 
Periods. In respect of any other period for which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall 
apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
(j) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Make-
Whole Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Restructuring Optional Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: The Calculation Agent shall as soon as practicable after 
the relevant time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain 
any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts 
in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the 
Final Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Restructuring 
Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make 
such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts 
for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the 
Final Redemption Amount, Make-Whole Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Restructuring 
Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal 
Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect 
of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination. Where any 
Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the 
Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each 
determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
(k) 
Calculation Agent: The Issuer shall use its best efforts to procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is 
outstanding (as defined in Condition 4). Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the 
Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Make-
Whole Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount or Restructuring 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination 
to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market and the rules of, or applicable to, that Regulated Market so require, notice of any change of Calculation 
Agent shall be given in accordance with Condition 14. 
6 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled, each Note shall be finally redeemed 
on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which is its nominal 
amount, except for Zero Coupon Notes) or, in the case of a Note falling within Condition 6(b) below, its final 
Instalment Amount. 
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as 
provided in this Condition 6, each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be 
partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if 
such Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment 
Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such 
payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such 
amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer: If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less 
than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
the Noteholders, redeem all, or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption 
Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, 
if any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option shall be exercised, 
on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Make-Whole Redemption: 
If a Make-Whole Redemption is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer 
may, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen 
(15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to the 
Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in 
whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, prior to the Relevant Redemption Date (the “Make-Whole 
Redemption Date”) at their Make-Whole Redemption Amount.  
“Make-Whole Redemption Amount” means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed pursuant to this Condition 
6(d) an amount, calculated by the Calculation Agent, equal to the greater of (x) 100 per cent. of the Principal 
Amount of the Notes so redeemed and, (y) the sum of the then present values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on such Notes until the Relevant Redemption Date (determined on the basis 
of the interest rate applicable to the Notes (not including any interest accrued on the Notes from and including 
the Issue Date or, as the case may be, the scheduled Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such Make 
Whole Redemption Date to, but excluding, such Make Whole Redemption Date)), discounted from the Relevant 
Redemption Date, to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at the Redemption Rate 
plus a Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), plus in each case (x) or (y) above, any 
interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make-Whole Redemption Date. 
"Principal Amount" means the Specified Denomination of the Notes, subject, as the case may be, to any 
adjustment as described in Condition 6(f)(ii) following any partial redemption pursuant to Condition 6(c), 
Condition 6(d) and Condition 6(e). 
“Redemption Rate” means the average of the four quotations given by the Reference Dealers of the mid-market 
annual yield to maturity of the Reference Security (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) on the fourth 
Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11.00 a.m. (Central European time (CET)). 
“Reference Dealers” means each of the four banks selected by the Calculation Agent which are primary 
European government security dealers, and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate 
bond issues or as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security specified in the Final Terms, will be chosen 
by the Calculation Agent at 11.00 a.m. (CET) on the third business day in London preceding the Make-Whole 
Redemption Date, quoted in writing by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer and notified in accordance with 
Condition 14. 
“Relevant Redemption Date” means either (i) the Maturity Date or (ii) the Residual Maturity Call Option Date, 
if a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds having an actual or interpolated maturity 
comparable with the remaining term of the Notes that would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance 
with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the remaining term of the Notes. 
The Redemption Rate will be notified by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination 
or calculation by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all 
parties.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
(e) 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
If a Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less 
than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days’ irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 14 to 
the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, 
in whole or in part, at the Principal Amount of the Notes so redeemed together with interest accrued thereon to, 
but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, at any time or from time to time during the period starting on (and 
including) the residual maturity call option date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Residual Maturity 
Call Option Date”) and ending on (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, in whole or in part, on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
(f) 
Partial redemption: 
(i) 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Notes in accordance with Condition 6(c), 
6(d) or 6(e), the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the number of the 
Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such 
manner as may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market 
practices, subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements or other 
stock exchange requirements. 
(ii) 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Notes in accordance with Condition 
6(c), 6(d) or 6(e), the redemption shall be effected by reducing the nominal amount of all such 
Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed. 
(iii) 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or applicable to, 
such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial redemption of the 
Notes, cause to be published (i) as long as such Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the 
rules applicable to such Regulated Market so permit, on the website of Euronext Paris or (ii) in a leading 
newspaper of general circulation in the city where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are 
admitted to trading is located, which, in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, a notice 
specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, in the case of Materialised Notes 
a list of any Definitive Materialised Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
(g) 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders:  
(i) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders following a Restructuring Event: If a Restructuring Put Option 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time while any of the Notes remains outstanding if (A) 
a Restructuring Event occurs and (B) within the Restructuring Period (i) (if at the time of the 
Restructuring Event the Issuer and/or the Notes outstanding have a rating from a Rating Agency) a 
Rating Downgrade in respect of that Restructuring Event occurs and such Rating Downgrade has not 
been cured prior to the expiry of the Restructuring Period or (ii) (if at the time of the Restructuring 
Event the Issuer and/or the Notes outstanding do not have a rating from a Rating Agency) a Negative 
Rating Event in respect of that Restructuring Event occurs (such Restructuring Event and Rating 
Downgrade or Negative Rating Event, as the case may be, occurring within the Restructuring Period 
and, in the case of a Rating Downgrade, not having been cured prior to the expiry of the Restructuring 
Period, together called a “Restructuring Put Event”), the holder of any Note will have the option (the 
“Restructuring Put Option”) (unless, prior to the giving of the Restructuring Put Event Notice 
referred to below, the Issuer gives notice under Condition 6(i) in respect of the Notes) to require the 
Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, procure the purchase of that Note on the Restructuring 
Optional Redemption Date (as defined below). Each Note shall be redeemed or purchased at its 
principal amount (the “Restructuring Optional Redemption Amount”) together with (or where 
purchased, together with an amount equal to) interest accrued to (but excluding) the Restructuring 
Optional Redemption Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Restructuring Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall 
give notice to the Put Agent and, upon receipt of such notice the Put Agent shall (subject to it being 
indemnified to its satisfaction) give notice (in each such case, a “Restructuring Put Event Notice”) 
to the Representative and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 specifying the nature of the 
Restructuring Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Restructuring Put Option contained in this 
provision.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
To exercise the Restructuring Put Option to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase of its 
Notes under this Condition 6(g)(i), a Noteholder must, on any TARGET Business Day falling within 
the period of forty-five (45) calendar days after a Restructuring Put Event Notice is given (the 
“Restructuring Put Period”), give notice to (x) in the case of Dematerialised Notes held through an 
Account Holder to the relevant Account Holder or (y) in the case of Dematerialised Notes held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, and (z) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, to the Paying Agent at its specified office, in each case with a copy to the Put Agent 
(the “Restructuring Put Notice”) in or substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement duly 
completed and signed on its behalf. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, the Restructuring Put Notice 
shall include instructions for the transfer of such Noteholders' Notes to the specified account of the Put 
Agent for redemption or purchase and cancellation of such Notes. In the case of Materialised Notes, 
the Restructuring Put Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with all unmatured 
Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). 
The form of the Restructuring Put Notice shall be available from the Put Agent. 
Payment in respect of such Note(s) will be made on the Restructuring Optional Redemption Date by 
transfer to the bank account specified in the Restructuring Put Notice. A Restructuring Put Notice once 
given shall be irrevocable. The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, procure the purchase of the relevant 
Notes on the Restructuring Optional Redemption Date unless previously redeemed or purchased. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no responsibility for any breakage costs which the 
Noteholder may incur as a result of or in connection with such Noteholder’s exercise or purported 
exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Restructuring Put Option (whether as a result of any 
purchase or redemption arising there from or otherwise). The Issuer shall be responsible for any 
administrative costs e.g. notices etc. arising as a result of in connection with any Noteholder's exercise 
or purported exercise of, or otherwise in connection with, any Restructuring Put Option. 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(g)(i): 
“Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not on or before the 
forty-fifth (45th) Business Day after the relevant Restructuring Event seek to obtain from a Rating 
Agency, a rating of the Notes, failing which, a corporate rating or (ii) if it does so seek, it has not at the 
expiry of the Restructuring Period and as a result of such Restructuring Event obtained such a rating of 
at least (a) the grade assigned to the relevant Notes at the time of their issuance, failing which, (b) the 
grade of the corporate rating assigned to the Issuer at the time of the issuance of the Notes, failing 
which, (c) the grade of the most recent corporate rating assigned to the Issuer, provided that the Rating 
Agency (A) announces or publicly confirms or, (B) having been so requested by the Issuer, informs the 
Issuer or the Put Agent in writing that its declining to assign a rating of at least (a) the grade assigned 
to the relevant Notes at the time of their issuance, (b) the grade of the corporate rating assigned to the 
Issuer at the time of the issuance of the Notes, or (c) the grade of the most recent corporate rating 
assigned to the Issuer, respectively, was the result, in whole or in part, of the applicable Restructuring 
Event (whether or not the Restructuring Event shall have occurred at the time such rating is declined). 
“Put Agent” means the Fiscal Agent. 
“Rating Agency” means Standard & Poor’s and its successors (“S&P”) or Moody’s Investors Service 
Ltd and its successors (“Moody’s”) or Fitch Ratings and its successors (“Fitch”) or any other rating 
agency of equivalent standing specified by the Issuer from time to time in writing to the Put Agent. 
“Rating Downgrade” shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Restructuring Event if within 
the Restructuring Period, the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer by any Rating 
Agency (as defined below) solicited by the Issuer is (x) withdrawn or (y) changed from an investment 
grade rating (BBB- in the case of S&P and Fitch or Baa3 in the case of Moody’s, or better) to a non-
investment grade rating (BB+ in the case of S&P and Fitch or Ba1 in the case of Moody’s, or worse) 
or (z) if the rating previously assigned to the Notes or to the Issuer by any Rating Agency solicited by 
the Issuer was below an investment grade rating (as described above), lowered by at least one full rating 
notch (for example, from BB+ to BB; or their respective equivalents), provided that the Rating Agency 
making the reduction in rating announces or publicly confirms or, having been so requested by the 
Issuer, informs the Issuer or the Put Agent in writing that the reduction was the result, in whole or in 
part, of any event or circumstance comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable 
Restructuring Event (whether or not the applicable Restructuring Event shall have occurred at the time

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
of the Rating Downgrade). If the Notes or the Issuer are rated by more than one Rating Agency, a 
Rating Downgrade shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a particular Restructuring Event 
if only one Rating Agency has withdrawn or lowered its rating. 
“Restructuring Event” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time (whether or not approved by 
the Board of Directors of the Issuer) that any Person or Persons acting in concert (within the meaning 
of Article L. 233-10 of the French Code de commerce) shall acquire, or own, directly or indirectly, 
beneficially and/or of record, more than fifty per cent. (50%) of the shares or voting rights of the Issuer. 
“Restructuring Optional Redemption Date” means the fifth Business Day after the expiry of the 
Restructuring Put Period. 
“Restructuring Period” means the period beginning one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days prior 
to the date of the public announcement of the result (avis de résultat) by the AMF of the relevant 
Restructuring Event and ending one hundred and twenty (120) calendar days thereafter. 
The Put Agent is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Restructuring Event, a Negative Rating 
Event, a Rating Downgrade or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a 
Restructuring Event has occurred and until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the 
contrary, the Put Agent may assume that no Restructuring Event, Negative Rating Event, Rating 
Downgrade or other such event has occurred. 
(ii) 
Other Put Option: If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the Noteholder, upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days' notice to the Issuer redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional 
Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, a Noteholder must give notice to (x) in the case of Dematerialised Notes held 
through an Account Holder to the relevant Account Holder or (y) in the case of Dematerialised Notes 
held through Euroclear or Clearstream to Euroclear or Clearstream, as the case may be, and (z) in the 
case of Materialised Notes, to the Paying Agent at its specified office, in each case (in each case, the 
“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtained during normal business hours from any Paying Agent or the 
Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice period. In the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the Exercise Notice shall include instructions for the transfer of such Noteholders' Notes to the specified 
account of the Paying Agent for redemption or purchase and cancellation of such Notes. In the case of 
Materialised Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Notes (together with all 
unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). No option so exercised and, where 
applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the 
Issuer. 
(h) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(i) or Condition 6(m) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be calculated as provided below. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Early Redemption Amount of any 
such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield 
(which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an 
Early Redemption Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they were discounted back 
to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(i) or Condition 6(m) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect 
of such Note shall be as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph 
shall have effect as though the date on which the Early Redemption Amount becomes due and 
payable was the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Early Redemption Amount in 
accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after judgment)

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which 
case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such 
Note on the Maturity Date together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(g). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Early Redemption Amount payable in 
respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant 
to Condition 6(i) or Condition 6(m) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
(i) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation of 
such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment 
of principal or interest due in respect of the Notes not be able to make such payment without having to 
pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 8(b) below, the Issuer may, at its option, on any 
Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having 
given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be 
no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and 
interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes or, if such date is past, as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons be prevented by French law from making payment to the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Receiptholders or Couponholders of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the 
undertaking to pay additional amounts contained in Condition 8(b) below, then the Issuer shall 
forthwith give notice of such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than 
seven (7) calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes then outstanding (as defined above) at their Early Redemption Amount 
together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest 
Payment Date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in 
respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest 
Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to such notice of Noteholders shall be the later of (i) 
the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and 
payable in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving 
notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, 
provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest 
practicable date at which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the 
Notes, or, if applicable, Receipts or Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(j) 
Clean-up Call Option: If a Clean-up Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at 
least 75% of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes (which for the avoidance of 
doubt include any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a 
particular Series of Notes) has been purchased or redeemed by the Issuer, the Issuer may, at its option but subject 
to having given not more than sixty (60) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable) in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the remaining 
Notes in that Series at their Final Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption.  
(k) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) at any price, subject 
to the applicable laws and/or regulations. Unless the possibility of holding and reselling is expressly excluded

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
in the relevant Final Terms, all Notes so purchased by the Issuer may be held and resold in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations for the purpose of enhancing the liquidity of the Notes. 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes redeemed or purchased for cancellation by or on behalf of the Issuer must be cancelled, 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the relevant Temporary Global 
Certificate and the Definitive Materialised Notes in question together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons 
and all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent. Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, 
transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
(m) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation 
of such law becoming effective after the Issue Date, it would become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or 
comply with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more 
than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 14, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case 
of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, be made by transfer to 
the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to an account denominated in 
the relevant currency with a Bank (as defined below) designated by the relevant Noteholders. All payments 
validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such 
payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the relevant 
Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided 
that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Materialised Notes (in the case of all 
other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the 
case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the 
Noteholder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency with, a Bank. “Bank” means a bank in the 
principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the 
TARGET System. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in 
U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York 
City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such 
amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer.  
(d) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases but without prejudice to the provisions 
of Condition 8 to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives or other laws and regulations 
to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No 
commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders in respect of 
such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, the Redenomination Agent 
and the Consolidation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at 
the end of the Base Prospectus relating to the Programme of the Notes of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Paying 
Agents, the Redenomination Agent, the Consolidation Agent and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of 
the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent expert(s) and, in each such case, do not assume

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
any obligation or relationship of agency for any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Redenomination 
Agent, the Consolidation Agent, the Registration Agent, the Calculation Agent(s) or the Put Agent and to appoint 
additional or other Fiscal Agents, Paying Agents, Redenomination Agents, Consolidation Agents, Registration 
Agents, Calculation Agents or Put Agents provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) a Redenomination Agent and a 
Consolidation Agent where the Conditions so require, (iv) one or more Paying Agents having specified offices 
in at least one (1) major European city (and ensuring the financial services of the Notes in Paris so long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and in such other city where the Notes are admitted to trading, 
so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market), (v) in the case of Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form, a Registration Agent, (vi) a Put Agent and (vii) such other agents as may be 
required by the rules of, or applicable to, any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be admitted to 
trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised 
Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
On a redenomination of the Notes of any Series pursuant to Condition 1(d) with a view to consolidating such 
Notes with one or more other Series of Notes, in accordance with Condition 13, the Issuer shall ensure that the 
same entity shall be appointed as both Redenomination Agent and Consolidation Agent in respect of both such 
Notes and such other Series of Notes to be so consolidated with such Notes. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due date for 
redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of each 
missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the total principal 
due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in 
the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) 
years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon has 
become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised Note, 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such 
Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note that is redeemable in instalments, all 
Receipts relating to such Materialised Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void 
upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons, and where any Materialised Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may 
require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest 
accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as 
the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant 
Definitive Materialised Note. Interest accrued on a Materialised Note that only bears interest after its 
Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant 
Materialised Notes.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for 
a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(h) 
Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other sum 
in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, “business day” means a day (other than a Saturday or 
a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in 
the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the 
relevant place of presentation, (B) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as “Financial Centre(s)” in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) (in the case 
of a payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account maintained 
with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried on in the relevant 
currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in the case of a payment in 
Euro), which is a TARGET Business Day. 
8 
Taxation  
(a) 
Withholding Tax: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding 
or deduction is required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal, interest or other revenues in 
respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon be subject to withholding or deduction in respect of any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Noteholders or, if applicable, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them 
had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other Connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Noteholder, a Receiptholder or a Couponholder, 
who is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges by reason of his having some 
connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding of the Note, Receipt or Coupon; 
or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Materialised Notes, more than 
thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the Noteholder, the 
Receiptholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it 
for payment on or before the thirtieth (30th) such day of such time period. 
References in these Conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect of 
the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional 
Redemption Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any 
amendment or supplement to it, (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any amendment or supplement to it and (iii) “principal” and/or 
“interest” and/or “other revenues” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable 
under this Condition. 
9 
Events of Default 
The Representative of the Masse (as defined in Condition 11) upon written request of any Noteholder may, upon 
written notice to the Issuer, with a copy to the Fiscal Agent, cause all the Notes (but not some only) held by such 
Noteholder to become immediately due and payable whereupon they shall without further formality become 
immediately due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued to the date of 
repayment , if any of the following events (“Events of Default”) occurs, unless such Events of Defaults have 
been cured by the Issuer prior to the receipt of such notice:

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(a) 
if any amount of principal or interest on any Note shall not be paid by the Issuer on the due date thereof 
and such default shall not be remedied by the Issuer within a period of fifteen (15) calendar days from 
such due date; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer defaults in the due performance of any other obligation in respect of the Notes and such 
default continues for a period of thirty (30) calendar days (unless such default is not curable in which 
case such period shall not apply) following receipt by the Issuer of a written notice of such default from 
the Representative of the Masse (as defined in Condition 11); or 
(c) 
if (i) any other present or future Financial Indebtedness (as defined below) of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries (as defined below) becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason 
of any default, event of default or the like (howsoever described) in respect of such Financial 
Indebtedness and including, where applicable, after the delivery of any notice and/or the expiration of 
any applicable grace period required in order for such Financial Indebtedness to become so due and 
payable, or (ii) any such present or future Financial Indebtedness is not paid by the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary when due or, as the case may be, within any applicable grace period, or (iii) the 
Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due or, as the case may be, within any 
applicable grace period, any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or 
indemnity in respect of, any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
(unless contested in good faith and by appropriate legal proceedings), and in each case referred to in (i) 
to (iii) above, where the aggregate amount of the relevant Financial Indebtedness and/or guarantees or 
indemnities, individually or in the aggregate, is equal to or in excess of an aggregate amount of 
Euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency); 
(d) 
if the Issuer is wound up or dissolved or ceases to carry on all or substantially all of its business except 
(i) in connection with a merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other form of reorganisation (including 
a management buy-out or leveraged buy-out) pursuant to which the surviving entity shall be the 
transferee of or successor to all or substantially all of the business of the Issuer and assumes all of the 
obligations of the Issuer with respect to the Notes or (ii) on such other terms approved by a resolution 
of the General Meeting of Noteholders; or 
(e) 
if any judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or the transfer of the whole 
of the business (cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries in the 
context of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is 
subject to any similar insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings whatsoever. 
For the purposes of this Condition 9: 
“Assets” of any Person means all or any part of its business, undertaking, property, assets, revenues (including 
any right to receive revenues) and uncalled capital. 
“Financial Indebtedness” means at any time any obligation for the payment or repayment of money, whether 
present or future in respect of: 
(a) 
any outstanding principal amount (together with any fixed or minimum premium payable on final 
repayment) of all moneys borrowed (with or without security); 
(b) 
any amounts raised by acceptance or under any acceptance credit opened by a bank or other financial 
institution; 
(c) 
any lease, sale-and-lease-back, sale-and-repurchase or hire purchase contracts or arrangements which 
is, in accordance with the relevant accounting principles at the time such contracts or arrangements 
were entered into, treated as financial debt (emprunts et dettes financières); 
(d) 
any amount raised pursuant to any issuance of shares or equivalent which are mandatorily redeemable 
(whether at final maturity or upon the exercise by the holder of such shares or equivalent of any option) 
prior to the Maturity Date; 
(e) 
any outstanding amount of the deferred purchase price of Real Estate Assets where payment (or, if 
payable in instalments, the final instalment) is due more than one year after the date of purchase of such 
Real Estate Asset; or

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
(f) 
any amount raised under any other transaction which is treated in accordance with the relevant 
accounting principles in the latest non-consolidated or consolidated balance sheet as financial debt 
(emprunts et dettes financières) (or, in the case of such amounts raised after the date hereof, would 
have been so treated had they been raised on or prior to such date); 
Provided that: 
(i) 
for purposes of computing the outstanding principal amount of any Financial Indebtedness in 
paragraphs (a) to (f) above, any interest, dividends, commission, fees or the like shall be excluded save 
to the extent that they have been capitalised; and 
(ii) 
no amount shall be included or excluded more than once in calculating the amount of principal 
outstanding in respect of any Financial Indebtedness. 
“Material Subsidiary” means at any time any Person in respect of which the Issuer owns directly or indirectly 
more than fifty (50) percent of the voting rights and which has Revalued Net Assets (as defined below) 
representing more than five (5) percent of the Revalued Net Assets of the Issuer, as calculated by reference to 
the Issuer's most recent audited annual or unaudited semi-annual consolidated financial statements. 
“Person” includes any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint-venture, association, 
organisation, trust, state or agency of a state (in each case whether or not having separate legal personality). 
“Property Valuers” means the or those property valuer(s) of the Issuer referred to in its most recent annual 
report or (in the event that the Issuer publishes semi-annual financial information including revaluations of its 
Real Estate Assets as provided in the definition of Revalued Assets Value) in its most recent semi-annual 
management report (or any of their respective successors), or any other recognised property valuer of 
comparable repute as selected by the Issuer. 
“Real Estate Assets” means those Assets of any Person comprising real estate properties (being land and 
buildings (either completed or under construction) and equity or equivalent investments (participations) directly 
or indirectly in any other Person which is a société à prépondérance immobilière (or its equivalent in any other 
jurisdiction) or in any other Person (whether listed or not listed) where more than 50 per cent. of the Assets of 
such Person comprise real estate assets). 
“Revalued Assets Value” means at any time (i) the block value (excluding transfer rights and latent taxes (hors 
fiscalité latente et droits de transfert)) provided by the Property Valuers of the total Real Estate Assets owned 
or held directly or indirectly by the Issuer (including through financial leases and including the Real Estate 
Assets used as operating properties) as shown in, or derived from, the latest audited annual or unaudited semi-
annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and (ii) the value of the equity-accounted investments 
(including advances) held directly or indirectly by the Issuer in any Person as shown in such financial statements. 
“Revalued Net Assets” means at any time, with respect to any Person in which the Issuer has directly or 
indirectly an equity or equivalent investment, the amount corresponding to such Person's shareholders' equity, 
as shown in the latest audited annual or unaudited semi-annual non-consolidated balance sheet, adjusted (i) to 
take account of latent capital gains relating to such Person's Real Estate Assets, determined by reference to 
valuations per block values provided by the Property Valuers excluding transfer rights (actif net réévalué hors 
droits de transfert) included in the annual or semi-annual financial report of the Issuer of which such balance 
sheet forms part; (ii) for allowance for deferred tax and (iii) fair value adjustment of debt. 
10 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this purpose 
shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years (in the case of 
principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
11 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence 
of their common interests in a masse (the “Masse”) which will be governed by the provisions of articles L.228-
46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce with the exception of articles L.228-71 and R.228-69 of the French 
Code de commerce and as supplemented by this Condition 11.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the “Representative”) 
and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the “Collective Decisions”).  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions and 
benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any) will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of any 
given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative may be appointed.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative and 
the alternate Representative (if any) at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative  
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take all 
acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to 
delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the “General Meeting”) or by consent following 
a written consultation (the “Written Resolution”) (as further described in Condition 11(d)(ii) below).  
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account Holder 
or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris 
time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 11(h). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes outstanding, may 
address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such General 
Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may commission one of 
them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or represented hold 
at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum 
shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a simple majority of votes held by the 
Noteholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
Condition 11(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first 
convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text of the 
resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General Meeting, 
all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office of the Issuer and 
at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day period 
preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period 
preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(ii) 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L. 228-46-1 of the French Code de commerce the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding 
of a General Meeting to seek approval of a resolution from the Noteholders by way of a Written Resolution. 
Subject to the following sentence, a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several 
documents in like form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders. Pursuant to Articles L. 
228-46-1 and R. 225-97 of the French Code de commerce, approval of a Written Resolution may also be given 
by way of electronic communication allowing the identification of Noteholders (“Electronic Consent”). 
Written Resolutions shall not have to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 11(d)(i) 
above. Any Written Resolution shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General 
Meeting of such Noteholders. 
For the purpose hereof, a “Written Resolution” will be deemed to have been approved if (i) Noteholders 
expressing their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution hold at least one fifth of the principal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) Noteholders expressing their approval hold at least two-third (2/3) 
of such quorum.  
(iii) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce  
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° and 4° of the French Code de commerce (respectively providing for a 
prior approval of the General Meeting of the Noteholders of any change in corporate purpose or form of the 
Issuer or of an issue of bonds benefiting from a security (sûreté réelle)) and the related provisions of the French 
Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes.  
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 3° of the French Code de commerce (providing for a prior approval of the 
Noteholders in relation to any proposal to merge or demerge the Issuer in the cases referred to in Articles L. 236-
13 and L. 236-18 of the French Code de commerce) shall not apply to the Notes only to the extent that such 
proposal relates to a merger or demerger with another entity of the Group. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to the 
calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by 
Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable 
under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 13(a), shall, for the 
defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative has been 
appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and obligations entrusted 
to the Masse by the provisions of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder 
of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in accordance with 
Condition 14(e) below. 
(i) 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11 “outstanding” shall not include those Notes purchased by the 
Issuer, or on its behalf, or by any of its subsidiaries pursuant to applicable laws and regulations and not cancelled. 
12 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, 
mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and Regulated Market 
regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as may from time to time be 
designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case 
on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case 
may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by 
the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise 
as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13 
Further Issues and Consolidation 
(a) 
Further Issues: The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such Notes 
and the further notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save for the issue date, issue 
price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche) and that the terms of such further notes 
provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions to “Notes” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Consolidation: The Issuer may, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, with the prior approval of the 
Redenomination and Consolidation Agents (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), from time to time on 
any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less than thirty (30) 
calendar days' prior notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Notes of one Series denominated in Euro with 
the Notes of one or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in one of the European 
national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Notes have been redenominated in Euro (if not originally 
denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all periods subsequent to such consolidation, the 
same terms and conditions as the Notes. 
14 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either (i) they 
are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been given on the 
fourth (4th) Business Day (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing or, at the option of 
the Issuer, (ii) they are published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected 
to be the Financial Times); provided that, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and 
the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so require, notices shall be valid if published in a daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located 
which, in the case of Euronext Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of 
that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall be valid 
if published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial 
Times) and so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the applicable rules of 
that Regulated Market so require, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the 
Regulated Market on which such Notes are admitted to trading is located which, in the case of Euronext Paris,

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, as the 
case may be. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily 
newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that, so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
any Regulated Market, notice shall be published as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated 
Market, as the case maybe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication 
or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders 
of Materialised Notes in accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer form) (au 
nominatif or au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 and R. 236-11 of the 
French Code de commerce may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, 
Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared in substitution 
for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 14(a), (b) and (c) above; except that so long as such 
Notes are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the applicable rules of that Regulated Market so 
require, notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the 
Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are admitted to trading is/are located, which, in the case of Euronext 
Paris, is expected to be Les Echos, and as otherwise required by the applicable rules of that Regulated Market, 
as the case may be. 
(e) 
Notices relating to Collective Decisions pursuant to Condition 11 and pursuant to Article R. 236-11 of the French 
Code de commerce shall be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream 
and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being cleared and (for the avoidance of 
doubt) Conditions 14(a), 14(b), 14(c) and 14(d) shall not apply to such notices.  
15 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons will be 
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts in Paris.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. 
Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream 
(the “Common Depositary”), Euroclear or Clearstream will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount 
of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated 
in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream 
held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited with any other 
clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing 
systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the C 
Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see “General Description of the 
Programme – Selling Restrictions”), in whole, but not in part, for the Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury regulation section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) (or any successor regulation issued under the Code section 4701(b) that contains rules identical 
to the rules that currently apply under Code section 163(f)(2)(B)) as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form 
of which shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised 
Notes. 
While any Materialised Note is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable in respect of such 
Materialised Note prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made only to the extent that the certification 
described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certification received) to the relevant Paying Agent. The holder of 
a Temporary Global Certificate will not be entitled to collect any payment due thereon on or after the Exchange Date 
unless, upon due certification as described above, exchange of the Temporary Global Certificate for an interest in 
Definitive Materialised Notes is improperly refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer will 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Definitive 
Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, Definitive Materialised Notes means, in relation to any Temporary Global 
Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if 
appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not 
already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security printed 
in accordance with any applicable legal and Regulated Market requirements. Forms of such Definitive Materialised Notes 
shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
Exchange Date 
“Exchange Date” means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) 
calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes which are to be assimilated 
with such first-mentioned Materialised Notes are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 13(a), the Exchange Date 
for such Temporary Global Certificate shall be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days 
after the issue date of such further Materialised Notes.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the 
Issuer for the financing or the refinancing of a portfolio of eligible green assets, as described in the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework (as amended and supplemented) (such Notes being “Green Bonds”).  
The Issuer’s Green Bond Framework is based on the Green Bond Principles published by the International Capital Market 
Association. It may be further updated or expanded to reflect updates to the Green Bond Principles and evolutions in the 
Group activities. The Green Bond Framework sets out categories of projects included in the portfolio which have been 
identified by the Group as promoting positive or reducing negative impact on the environment.  
In addition, the Issuer has appointed ISS Corporate Solutions to provide a second party opinion on the Issuer’s Green 
Bond Framework assessing the environmental added value of the Green Bond Framework and its alignment with the 
Green Bond Principles.  
The Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and the second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) are available on the 
Issuer’s website (https://www.gecina.fr/en/investors/financing/debts). Any amendment to such Second Party Opinion or 
to the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework will be made available on the Issuer's website. Neither the Second Party Opinion 
nor the Green Bond Framework is incorporated in, and they do not form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Allocation reporting will be available to investors once a year until full allocation of the proceeds. The reporting will 
specify the total amount allocated to the various categories of projects included in the portfolio. This information will be 
externally reviewed and will be publicly available on the Issuer’s website.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of the Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 18 June 2021 
between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealers (the “Dealer Agreement”), the Notes will be offered by the 
Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to 
Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, 
at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the 
Dealers acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches 
that are underwritten by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission (if any) as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed 
by such Dealer.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain 
circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification or supplement will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit an offer of the Notes to retail investors, or possession or 
distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or 
assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it shall 
comply, to the best of its knowledge and belief after due inquiry, with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, 
any other offering material or any Final Terms and that it will obtain any consent, approval or permission required for 
the purchase, offer or sale of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it makes such 
purchase, offer or sale. None of the Issuer or any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area Retail Investors 
 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision, the 
expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision: (a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)  
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii)  
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree that: 
(i) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (a) it is a person whose ordinary activities 
involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose 
ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 
of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which Section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it 
in relation to such Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities 
Act”), or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. The Notes are being 
offered and sold only outside of the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities 
Act (“Regulation S”). Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 
(the “Code”) and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold and it will not offer, sell or, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, deliver, Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar 
days after the completion of the distribution of any identifiable Tranche of which such Notes are a part (the “Distribution 
Compliance Period”) within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent 
to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of such Tranche) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes outside 
the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in 
part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United States. Distribution of 
this Base Prospectus by any person outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other person within the United 
States is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such 
U.S. person or other person within the United States, is prohibited. 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 
25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and 
other relevant laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments (as amended “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]1 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by 
ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA’s policy statement entitled “Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials”), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]2 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”)]/[MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 on 
insurance distribution (as amended or superseded, the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning 
of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
                                                     
1  
To be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in 
item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
2 
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend or 
the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
 
 
Final Terms dated [] 
 
[LOGO, if document is printed] 
———— 
 
GECINA  
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the 8,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Series No.: [] 
Tranche No.: [] 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)]

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 18 June 2021 which received approval number 21-236 from the Autorité des 
marchés financiers (“AMF”) in France on 18 June 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [] which 
received approval number [] from the AMF on []] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as amended. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The 
Base Prospectus (including any supplement hereto) is available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.gecina.fr). [In addition,1 the Base Prospectus (including any supplement hereto) is 
available for viewing [at/on] []]. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued under a 
Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) 
which are the [2013 Terms and Conditions]/[2014 Terms and Conditions]/[2015 Terms and Conditions]/[2016 Terms 
and Conditions]/[2017 Terms and Conditions]/[2018 Terms and Conditions]/[2019 Terms and Conditions]/[2020 Terms 
and Conditions] (as defined in section “Documents incorporated by reference”) incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus (as defined below). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes 
of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 June 
2021 which received approval number 21-236 from the AMF in France on 18 June 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus dated [] which received approval number [] from the AMF on []], which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”), including the Conditions which 
are incorporated by reference therein. The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
amended. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing on the websites of (a) the AMF 
(www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.gecina.fr). [In addition,2 the Base Prospectus is available for viewing 
[at/on] []]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.] 
 
1 
Issuer: 
Gecina 
2 
(i) Series Number: 
[] 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[] 
(iii)Date on which the Notes will be assimilated 
(assimilables) and form a single Series: 
[The Notes will be assimilated (assimilables) and form a 
single Series [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Certificate for 
interests in the Definitive Materialised Notes, as referred 
in paragraph 26(iii) below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date].] / [Not Applicable] 
3 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
 
[(i)]Series: 
[] 
[(ii)Tranche: 
[]] 
                                                     
1If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris.  
2If the Notes are admitted to trading on a regulated market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
5 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[]3(one denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
7 
(i) Issue Date: 
[] 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify / Issue Date / Not Applicable] 
8 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year] 
9 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent Fixed Rate] 
[[] month [EURIBOR/€STR/CMS Rate] +/- [] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Inverse Floating Rate] 
[If the Notes are Fixed to Floating Rate Notes specify all 
Interest Basis that apply] 
(further particulars specified below) 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount] 
[Instalment] 
11 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date(s) when any change(s) of interest basis 
will or may at the option of the Issuer occur or cross refer 
to paragraphs 15 and 16 below and identify there] / [Not 
Applicable] 
12 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Make-Whole Redemption] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Restructuring Put Option] 
[Clean-up Call Option] 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
item 
[19/20/21/22/23/24])] 
13 
(i) Status of the Notes: 
Unsubordinated Notes 
[(ii)] 
Dates of the corporate authorisations 
for issuance of the Notes: 
[] 
14 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
                                                     
3 
Notes (including Notes denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or 
whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA and having a maturity of less than one (1) year must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly]] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of Business Day]/ not 
adjusted] 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount [(s)]: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] payable on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[] [Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount(s)] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/Actual FBF / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / Actual 30E/360 / 30E/360-
FBF / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vi) 
[Determination Dates: 
[] in each year (insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA))] 
16 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[] (not applicable unless different from Interest Payment 
Date) 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/FBF Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[]

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate: 
[] 
(Specify EURIBOR/€STR/CMS Rate/CMS combination 
formula and, as the case may be, months [e.g. EURIBOR 
3 months]) 
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of a [first/last] [long/short] 
Interest Period, insert the relevant interest period(s) and 
the relevant rates used for the determination described 
herein) 
 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
 
[[●] TARGET Business Days] [Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
CMS combination formula: 
 
 
 
 
 
Reference Banks (if applicable): 
[Not 
Applicable 
/  
𝑚× 𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] [+/−/𝑥] 𝑛
× 𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦]] 
“m”: [specify the number] 
“n”: [specify the number] 
 
[Specify four]/[Not Applicable] 
[–Relevant Currency: 
[]] 
[–Relevant Swap Rate: 
[]3 
[–Designated Maturity: 
[]] 
[–Specified Time: 
[]] 
(x) 
FBF Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate: 
[] 
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of a [first/last] [long/short] 
Interest Period, insert the relevant interest period(s) and 
the relevant rates used for the determination described 
herein) 
 
Floating Rate Determination Date: 
[] 
                                                     
3  
Where the Relevant Currency is not the Euro, the Sterling or the United States dollars, specify the relevant mid-market swap rate. Delete 
otherwise.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(if the Interest Rate is determined by linear interpolation 
in respect of a [first/last] [long/short] Interest Period, 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant 
rates used for the determination described herein) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(xii) 
Adjusted Interest Rate: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/–] [] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable]4 / [[] per cent. per annum]5  
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per cent. per annum] 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/Actual FBF / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / Actual 30E/360 / 30E/360-
FBF / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
17 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[] 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s)  
[] 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Interest Payment Date] 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ Following 
Business Day Convention/ Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[] 
(viii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Fixed Rate] minus [FBF Determination/ ISDA 
Determination/ Screen Rate Determination] 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[] 
                                                     
4 Not Applicable may only be inserted when item 16(xii) is specified to be Applicable 
5 If item 16(xii) is specified to be Not Applicable, in no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate: 
[]  
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of a [first/last] [long/short] 
Interest Period, insert the relevant interest period(s) and 
the relevant rates used for the determination described 
herein) 
 
Floating Rate Determination Date: 
[] 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] 
(if the Interest Rate is determined by linear interpolation 
in respect of a [first/last] [long/short] Interest Period, 
insert the relevant interest period(s) and the relevant 
rates used for the determination described herein) 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
Reset Date: 
[] 
(xii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Reference Rate: 
 
[] 
(specify 
EURIBOR/€STR/CMS 
Rate/CMS 
combination formula and, as the case may be, months 
[e.g. EURIBOR 3 months])) 
(if the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation 
in 
respect 
of 
a 
[first/last] 
[ling/short]Interest Period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant rates used for the 
determination described herein) 
 
Observation Look-Back Period: 
 
[[] TARGET Business Days] [Not Applicable]] 
(only applicable in the case of €STR) 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
CMS combination formula: 
[Not 
Applicable 
/  
𝑚× 𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦] [+/−/𝑥] 𝑛
× 𝐶𝑀𝑆 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒[𝑠𝑝𝑒𝑐𝑖𝑓𝑦 𝑚𝑎𝑡𝑢𝑟𝑖𝑡𝑦]] 
“m”: [specify the number] 
“n”: [specify the number] 
 
Reference Banks (if applicable): 
 
[Specify four]/[Not Applicable] 
 
[–Relevant Currency: 
[]] 
 
[–Relevant Swap Rate: 
[]6 
                                                     
6  
Where the Relevant Currency is not the Euro, the Sterling or the United States dollars, specify the relevant mid-market swap rate. Delete 
otherwise.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
 
[–Designated Maturity: 
 
[–Specified Time: 
[]] 
[]] 
(xiii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
(xvi) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such case, insert regular 
Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue Date or Maturity 
Date in the case of a long or short first or last coupon.) 
(xvii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond 
Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond 
Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF / 
30E/360(ISDA)] 
18 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365 – FBF / Actual/Actual – ISDA / 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/Actual FBF / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / Actual 30E/360 / 30E/360-
FBF / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
19 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
[] 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[] 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[] (being not less than fifteen (15) no more than thirty 
(30) calendar days' notice pursuant to Condition 6(c))

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
20 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(Paragraph only applicable in respect of a Put Option 
exercised in accordance with Condition 6(g)(ii)) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[] 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[] (being not less than fifteen (15) no more than thirty 
(30) calendar days' irrevocable notice pursuant to 
Condition 6(g)(ii)) 
21 
Make-Whole Redemption: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 6(d)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Notice period:7 
[] 
(ii) 
Reference Security: 
[] 
(iii) 
Reference Dealers: 
[] 
(iv) 
Similar Security: 
[] 
(v) 
Redemption Margin: 
[] 
22 
Residual Maturity Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Condition 6(e)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Residual Maturity Call Option Date: 
[] 
(ii) 
Notice period:8 
[] 
23 
Restructuring Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
24 
Clean-up Call Option: 
(Condition 6(j)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
25 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[] per Note of [] Specified Denomination 
26 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Note payable on redemption for 
[As per Condition 6(h) / [] per Note of [] Specified 
Denomination]9 
                                                     
7 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
8 If setting notice periods are different to those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and its Fiscal Agent. 
9 If the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes Condition 6(h) shall apply.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
taxation reasons (Condition 6(i)), for 
illegality (Condition 6(m)) or on event 
of default (Condition 9): 
 
(ii) 
Redemption 
for 
taxation 
reasons 
permitted on days other than Interest 
payment Dates (Condition 6(i)): 
[Yes/No] 
(iii) 
Unmatured Coupons to become void 
upon early redemption (Materialised 
Notes only (Condition 7(f))): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
27 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes (Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form)] 
 
[Delete as appropriate] 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable/If applicable, specify whether bearer 
dematerialised 
form 
(au 
porteur)/registered 
dematerialised form (au nominatif)] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and details] 
(Note that a Registration Agent can be appointed in 
relation to registered Dematerialised Notes in fully 
registered form only) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on [] 
(the “Exchange Date”), being forty (40) calendar days 
after the Issue Date subject to postponement as provided 
in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
28 
Financial Centre(s) for the purpose of 
Condition 7(h): 
[Not Applicable/give details. (Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which sub-paragraphs 15(ii) and 
16(v) relate)] 
29 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to be 
attached to Definitive Materialised Notes 
(and dates on which such Talons mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to the Materialised Notes) 
30 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[] 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[] 
31 
Redenomination, 
renominalisation 
and 
reconventioning provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 1(d)] 
apply] 
32 
Consolidation provisions: 
[Not Applicable/The provisions [in Condition 13(b)] 
apply] 
33 
Possibility 
to 
request 
identification 
information of the Noteholders as provided 
by Condition 1(a)(i): 
[Not Applicable/Applicable] 
34 
Masse: 
Name and address of the Representative: [] 
 
[Name and address of the alternate Representative: []]

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
 
[The Representative will receive no remuneration/The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of []] 
 
[If the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, insert the 
wording below: 
 
As long as the Notes are held by a sole Noteholder, it shall 
exercise all rights and obligations assigned by law to the 
Representative and the general meeting of the 
Noteholders. A Representative will be appointed as soon 
as the Notes are held by several Noteholders.] 
[PURPOSE OF FINAL TERMS 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required for issue and admission to trading on the [specify relevant regulated 
market] of the Notes described herein pursuant to the Euro 8,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme of 
Gecina.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party information) 
has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:  ................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1 
LISTING / ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify)/Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [Euronext 
Paris/other (specify relevant regulated market)] with 
effect from [].] [Application is expected to be made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted 
to trading on [Euronext Paris/other (specify relevant 
regulated market)] with effect from [].] [Not 
Applicable.] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already listed and/or admitted to 
trading.) 
 
[The [first / (specify)] Tranche(s) of the Notes are already 
[listed/admitted to trading] as from [its/their respective] 
issue date.] 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading 
[] 
2 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
The Notes to be issued [have been rated]/[are expected to 
be rated]: 
 
[S&P: []]  
 
[Moody's: []]  
 
[Fitch: []]  
 
[[Other]: []]  
 
[[Each of [], [] and] [] is established in the European 
Union, is registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) and is 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with CRA Regulation.]  
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not 
established in the United Kingdom and [is][are] not 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”). The rating[s] of the Notes 
issued by [insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] 
[has][have] been endorsed by [insert name of relevant UK 
CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and 
[has][have] not been withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] 
issued by [insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.]10 
 
[[Each of [], [] and] [] is established in the European 
Union 
and 
has 
applied 
for 
registration 
under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended, although 
the result of such applications has not been determined.]  
 
[[Each of [], [] and] [] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”), but is endorsed by [insert credit rating 
agency] which is established in the European Union, 
registered under the CRA Regulation and included in the 
list of registered credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with CRA Regulation.]  
 
[[Each of [], [] and] [] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended.] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this 
has previously been published by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Notes of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating) 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement: 
[“Save for any fees payable to the Managers in connection with the Issue of the Notes, so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The Managers and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of 
business.”] 
4 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Use of proceeds: 
[The Notes constitute “Green Bonds” and the net proceeds 
of the issue of such Notes will be used by the Issuer, to 
the financing or the refinancing of a portfolio of eligible 
green assets, as described in the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework (as amended and supplemented).  
The Issuer’s Green Bond Framework received a second 
party opinion from ISS Corporate Solutions. 
The Issuer’s Green Bond Framework and the second party 
opinion 
are 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.gecina.fr/en/investors/financing/debts). 
                                                     
10 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the 
notes issued by the EEA CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
 
[] (if applicable, describe specific eligible green assets 
and/or availability of third party opinions and/or where 
information can be obtained, etc.)] 
[The net proceeds will be used for the Issuer’s general 
corporate purposes / [].] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from the “Use of Proceeds” 
wording of the Base Prospectus will need to include those 
reasons here.) 
(ii) 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need 
to split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding) 
5 
FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY – YIELD 
[Not Applicable] (Include where the Notes are not Fixed Rate Notes) 
[Indication of yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield.] (Include 
where the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes) 
6 
FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY- INFORMATION ON FLOATING RATE NOTES 
[Not Applicable] (Include where the Notes are not Floating Rate Notes) 
[Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [€STR / EURIBOR / CMS] rates can be 
obtained from [Reuters/other].] (Include where the Notes 
are Floating Rate Notes) 
7 
NOTES LINKED TO A BENCHMARK ONLY – BENCHMARK 
[Not Applicable]/[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [EURIBOR/ CMS/€STR/ 
replicate other as specified in the Conditions] which is provided by []. As at [], [] [appears/does not appear] on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).] [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [] 
is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). [As at [], [] appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom.]] 
8 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Depositaries: 
 
(i) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary 
[Yes/No]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent(s): 
[] 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[] 
The aggregate principal amount of Notes issued 
has been translated into Euro at the rate of 
[currency] [] per Euro 1.00, producing a sum of: 
[Not Applicable/Euro []] (Only applicable for 
Notes not denominated in Euro) 
9 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(a) Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated /Non-syndicated] 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement (if any): 
[] 
(iii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(b) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(c) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended. 
[TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA not applicable]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
 
The following recent developments are disclosed by the Issuer. 
 
Paris, June 17, 2021 
 
Gecina signs a reservation agreement for a 113-apartment project  
at the heart of Bordeaux 
 
Gecina is actively moving forward with the development of its residential subsidiary, and has signed an off-plan 
reservation agreement to acquire a project with 113 apartments in Bordeaux, developed by Cogedim, Nexity and 
Pitch Promotion as part of a consortium of developers. 
 
Located in the new central district of Belvédère, this 
residence, which will include two buildings with a total 
living space of 8,012 sq.m, will offer high-quality 
apartments, with an average size of 71 sq.m. The residence 
will be part of a real estate complex including social housing 
units, five retail spaces and parking. The Belvédère district 
is part of the Bordeaux Euratlantique operation of national 
interest and the Garonne-Eiffel project. It is ideally located 
on the banks of the River Garonne. 
 
Once the residence has been built, it will be acquired by 
Homya, Gecina’s residential subsidiary, for €38.1m 
excluding duties and including tax. It marks a new step 
forward with the development of Homya, whose growth will 
be built around several pillars: direct investments, asset 
renovation or densification operations within its portfolio, 
development of new apartments in the Paris Region and 
major regional cities through the strategic partnerships with 
Nexity and Woodeum. 
 
This project is also aligned with the CAN0P-2030 plan, targeting NF Habitat HQE certification with an “Exceptional” 
rating. It will be let under the YouFirst Residence brand, with delivery scheduled for the fourth quarter of 2024.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
Paris, June 9, 2021 
 
Gecina pre-lets the Biopark building in Paris’ 13th arrondissement 
 
Gecina is delighted to welcome a group of leading biotechnology, digital and health companies to its Biopark building 
located in Paris’ 13th arrondissement. The firm nine-year lease covers all of the space in Building E, representing around 
6,400 sq.m, which will be available to the tenant from September 1, 2021. 
 
With the existing tenants Cellectis and Parexel International, the Biopark real estate complex is a specialist life sciences 
hub.  
 
 
Biopark - Building E 
 
 
Currently being redeveloped, Building E on the Biopark real estate complex is an independent building designed with a 
focus on developing creativity. It is targeting the HQE and BiodiverCity labels and certification. Its delivery is scheduled 
for the second half of 2021.  
 
The pre-letting of this entire project highlights the appetite among businesses for high-quality buildings located at the 
heart of Paris. With this transaction, Gecina is continuing to improve the pre-letting of its development pipeline, with 
52% of the operations scheduled for delivery in 2021 and 2022 now let.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
Paris, May 31, 2021 
 
Office assets sold for a total of €349.3m 
 
Gecina has completed or secured three new sales of mature and/or non-strategic office assets located in Arcueil 
(94), Levallois-Perret (92) and Montreuil (93), for a total of €349.3m.  
 
On May 6, Gecina signed a bilateral sales agreement concerning the Les Portes d’Arcueil building (Val de Marne) for 
€297.8m excluding duties. The sale is expected to be completed in July, once the conditions precedent have been cleared. 
This office asset, with around 45,000 sq.m of space, is occupied by the Orange group, which renewed its lease at the end 
of 2020 for a firm 12-year period. 
 
On May 12, 2021, the Group also signed a preliminary sales agreement for Tour Orion, a building with around 12,200 
sq.m of space in Montreuil (Seine-Saint-Denis), based on a price of €25.5m excluding duties. The sales agreement is 
expected to be completed by the end of July at the latest. 
Lastly, in Levallois-Perret (Hauts-de-Seine), Gecina has sold 55 Deguingand, an office building with around 5,100 sq.m 
of space, for a total of €26m excluding duties. 
 
These sales now take the volume of sales completed since the start of the year or under preliminary agreements to date 
up to €450m, achieving an average premium versus the end-2020 values of around +7%. 
 
Gecina is continuing to move forward with its proactive portfolio rotation and the realignment of its portfolio at the heart 
of the Paris Region’s most central sectors. 
 
 
Paris, May 25, 2021 
 
100% of Gecina’s bond issues now transformed into Green Bonds 
 
Gecina is pleased to report that the note holders invited to vote approved the transformation of 100% of its 
outstanding bond issues into Green Bonds for a total of €5.6bn.  
 
The requalification of the 15 outstanding issues as Green Bonds was submitted for approval by note holders invited to 
attend a General Meeting for each existing issue.  
 
92% of the note holders voted to approve this innovative program, with this result highlighting investors’ confidence in 
Gecina’s CSR strategy. Gecina has also made a commitment to apply the Green Bond format for all future issues. 
 
This pioneering program aims to accompany the continuous, global improvement in the Group’s asset portfolio, including 
existing assets, and its environmental performance. It is based on an ambitious and dynamic Green Bond 
Framework (available on the Company’s website), which has been subject to a second-party opinion by ISS Corporate 
Solutions.  
 
On this operation, Gecina was advised by Crédit Agricole CIB and Allen & Overy. 
 
In addition, the Group has signed two amendments to transform €475m of bank borrowings with HSBC into responsible 
lines. Responsible credit lines therefore represent 60% of the Group’s bank facilities in place today. 
 
“This innovative program is a first. With it, Gecina is one of the few companies in the world to have an exclusively green 
euro 
bond 
financing 
program. 
This 
is 
fully 
aligned 
with 
its  
CAN0P-2030 plan, targeting net zero carbon emissions for the Group’s operational portfolio, with increasingly 
demanding criteria for the allocation of funds raised. It also builds on the policy launched in 2018 to set up responsible 
bank loans. Thanks to this requalification of 100% of its bond financing, 82% of the Group’s €10bn of total financing 
now includes a CSR component. This fully justifies our presence in the CAC 40 ESG index”, confirms Nicolas Dutreuil, 
Gecina’s Deputy CEO in charge of Finance.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
Paris, May 20, 2021 
 
Gecina pre-lets the Montrouge Porte Sud building  
to Edenred France for 12,000 sq.m 
 
Gecina is pleased to announce that it has signed a new lease with Edenred France for a firm nine-year period for the entire 
Montrouge Porte Sud building located at the gateway to Paris, close to Porte d'Orléans. The building, which is currently 
being redeveloped, will offer around 12,000 sq.m, where Edenred France will be able to set up its teams from autumn 
2024.  
While waiting for this future building to be delivered, Edenred 
France has renewed the lease for its current premises in Colombus, 
a Gecina building on Boulevard Gabriel Péri in Malakoff (Hauts-de-
Seine).  
 
The signing of these two leases is aligned with Gecina’s 
commitment to supporting its clients with their development, 
illustrating its YouFirst approach. 
 
The Montrouge Porte Sud project will involve redeveloping an 
existing building and adding timber-frame extensions. With around  
1,400 sq.m of gardens and 1,800 sq.m of landscaped terraces, it is 
targeting the following labels and certification: HQE Excellent, 
LEED 
Gold, 
BBCA 
low-carbon 
building, 
WELL 
Gold, 
BiodiverCity and Wiredscore. 
The pre-letting of Montrouge Porte Sud highlights the search for 
outstanding buildings by users where they can develop their strategies. With this transaction, Gecina is continuing to 
improve the pre-letting of its development pipeline, reflecting the gradual normalization of the rental markets. Alongside 
this, talks are already at an advanced stage for other projects that are currently being developed.  
“We are delighted to sign this lease, which represents a new step forward with our long-term relationship with the 
Edenred Group, which we have already welcomed in our Be Issy building in Issy-Les-Moulineaux and Colombus in 
Malakoff. It also shows the quality of Gecina's portfolio and project pipeline, driving value creation”, confirms Valérie 
Britay, Deputy CEO in charge of Gecina’s Office Division. 
 
“I am delighted to have signed this agreement with Gecina, our trusted, long-term partner. This new building located at 
the gateway to Paris is fully aligned with our strategy to provide the best working conditions for our teams. In line with 
our Group’s purpose - Enrich connections. For good. - we have chosen a building that is targeting the highest 
environmental certification standards, for the good of our teams, as well as the world around us. We are committed to 
improving quality of life, preserving the environment and creating value responsibly”, confirms Vianney du Parc, Chief 
Executive Officer of Edenred France. 
 
 
 
Montrouge Porte Sud ©Agence SCAU

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
 
 
 
Paris, May 10, 2021 
 
Gecina signs a memorandum of understanding with Louis Vuitton for a new  
18-year lease at 101 avenue des Champs-Elysées 
 
On the corner of Avenue George V and Avenue des Champs-Elysées, this iconic building from Gecina’s portfolio has 
been home to the Parisian flagship store of the renowned fashion house and luxury goods brand Louis Vuitton since 1995. 
To be able to carry out extensive work inside these premises, returning to the lines of its 1930s architecture, Louis Vuitton 
and Gecina are committing to a new lease to let the entire space, representing nearly 10,000 sq.m (including around 6,000 
sq.m of retail space), for a firm 18-year period. The lease will come into effect once the conditions precedent linked to 
the administrative authorizations in particular have been lifted. 
 
Louis Vuitton’s project aims to redeploy its retail spaces by notably reconfiguring the volumes and circulation areas 
within the building and incorporating new services. With this work, Louis Vuitton will significantly improve the 
building’s energy performance to align it with Gecina’s CAN0P-2030 plan, targeting net zero carbon emissions from 
2030 across its operational portfolio.  
 
Valérie Britay, Deputy CEO in charge of Gecina’s Office Division: “We are delighted to be accompanying Louis Vuitton 
with this major project, which will further strengthen the iconic status of 101 Champs Elysées, making it possible to 
continue creating value on this asset. This renewed commitment by a leading client confirms the long-term international 
appeal of the Champs-Élysées and its prestige, while highlighting the quality of Gecina’s unique portfolio in Paris”. 
 
 
©MyPhotoAgency / Florian Beaupère

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
 
 
 
Paris, May 6, 2021 
 
Gecina and Woodeum sign a partnership agreement to develop  
1,000 low-carbon, timber-frame housing units in France 
 
 
To meet the need for rental housing in supply-constrained areas, Gecina and Woodeum have signed a partnership 
agreement with a view to developing 1,000 low-carbon, timber-frame housing units over four years (indicative 
timeline) in the Paris Region and major cities across France. Following the introduction of the RE2020 
environmental regulations in France, this partnership confirms the ambition of both groups to reduce the carbon 
footprint of living spaces. 
 
Since 2017, Gecina has been rolling out a strategy to create value within its residential portfolio of 6,000 apartments. In 
2020, to further strengthen its capabilities for taking action, capitalize on opportunities for growth and develop its 
services, the Group created a dedicated subsidiary to house this portfolio.  
 
Founded in 2014, Woodeum is an expert pioneer specialized in producing low-carbon, timber-frame housing units in 
France. It already has more than 1,700 housing units underway or completed, with 1,800 units secured for 2021 and 2022, 
and more than 3,000 under development. The company, whose two shareholders are WO2 Holding, owned by Guillaume 
Poitrinal and Philippe Zivkovic, and the Altarea Group, has been committed from the outset to supporting residents’ 
wellbeing and effectively tackling climate change, combined with outstanding architectural design features. 
 
This innovative partnership between one of France’s largest real estate groups, Gecina, and Woodeum, the market leader 
for low-carbon timber developments, aims to offer healthier, more environmentally-responsible housing units with a real 
architectural signature and living comfort levels that exceed the highest regulatory standards.  This agreement will further 
strengthen the Gecina Group’s capacity to source and develop new low-carbon residential operations.  
 
The two groups will jointly develop projects based on a partnership, with 60% for Woodeum and 40% for Gecina. By 
identifying opportunities and launching operations in line with the ambitions and requirements of both partners, each 
group will be able to further strengthen its expertise, giving Gecina the possibility to get involved from the design stage 
alongside Woodeum, while offering opportunities for Woodeum to continue moving forward with its development in the 
Paris Region and across France.  
 
The buildings developed in this way will be acquired by Gecina’s residential subsidiary, which is now called Homya, and 
let under Gecina’s client-centric YouFirst Residence brand.  
 
Méka Brunel, Gecina’s Chief Executive Officer: “Following a first innovative partnership with a leading developer, this 
new partnership with Woodeum confirms Gecina’s commitment to responding to the aspirations of middle-class 
households to live in environmentally-virtuous homes, close to their workplace and with all the facilities needed for a 
sustainable and balanced lifestyle. It marks an acceleration of the large-scale development of housing units offering the 
best international standards, in line with our CSR policy and CAN0P-2030, our Carbon Net Zero Plan”.  
 
Philippe Zivkovic, Woodeum-WO2 Group co-founder and Chairman: “With French environmental regulation RE2020 
starting to be rolled out, and faced with the climate emergency, this partnership will enable Woodeum to ramp up its 
production of Low-Carbon Timber buildings nationwide, guided by a shared commitment with Gecina to create high 
architectural quality buildings, offering a unique quality of life for their future residents”.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
Paris, April 22, 2021 
 
Business at March 31, 2021 
 
Solid first-quarter performance 
Gross rental income of €158.1m 
+1.3% like-for-like benefiting from the rent catch-up for previous years (-0.9% excluding this effect) 
€133m of sales, with a +4.3% premium versus the latest end-2020 values 
Target for operational portfolio to be carbon neutral by 2030 (CAN0P-2030) 
Target to requalify all bond issues as Green Bonds 
Positive reversion of +8% recorded in the first quarter (+18% for Paris CBD) 
43% of the 2021-2022 pipeline pre-let, up 6 points since end-2020 
 
First signs of a rental market upturn, encouraging trend for the second half of the year 
o Around 39,000 sq.m let to date, including 30,000 sq.m during the first quarter, with an average firm maturity of 6.4 
years on the new leases signed, significantly higher than the firm residual average maturity of 4.5 years for the Group’s 
office leases 
o Reversion achieved during the quarter, with +8% for offices overall and +18% in Paris’ CBD 
o Acceleration of pre-lettings, with 43% of the buildings to be delivered in 2021 and 2022 now pre-let 
 
Solid like-for-like rental performance compared with a pre-Covid first quarter of 2020 
o Like-for-like rental income growth of +1.3% (-0.9% restated for the rent catch-up for 2017 to 2020 on retail units 
received during the first quarter following a decision by the authorities) 
o Outperformance for like-for-like office rental income growth in the most central sectors (particularly Paris City) 
compared with peripheral areas 
 
Rent collection situation normalized 
o 95% of 2021 first-quarter rent collected to date 
o Rate consistent with the pre-Covid situation for rent due for the second quarter of 2021 
o Risk profile stable for our tenants, with 83% in the top two categories according to Dun & Bradstreet (stable vs end-
2020) 
 
€133m of sales completed or covered by preliminary agreements at end-March 2021 
o €133m of sales finalized or secured at end-March 2021, +4.3% higher than the end-December 2020 values, reflecting 
the good performance by the investment markets 
 
Ambitious CSR roadmap  
o Launch of the CAN0P-2030 plan, aiming for Gecina’s operational portfolio to be carbon neutral by 2030 vs 2050 
previously 
o Requalification of all bond issues as Green Bonds (€5.6bn), with a global, dynamic approach, subject to approval by 
note holders at their general meetings 
o Percentage of responsible bank lines increased to 49% 
o Introduction of an environmental performance criterion for 15% of long-term incentive plans  
o Gecina included in the new CAC 40 ESG index 
 
2021 guidance reaffirmed 
o Confirmation of 2021 guidance for recurrent net income (Group share) of around €5.3 per share, excluding the 
potential impact of sales or acquisitions not secured to date

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
 
Solid performance compared with a pre-Covid first quarter of 2020 
 
Compared with a pre-Covid first quarter of 2020, Gecina’s rental income is up +1.3% like-for-like  
(-0.9% restated for the rent catch-up on retail units received during the first quarter following a decision by the 
authorities). This solid performance, despite the health context faced since then, highlights the relevance of the strategic 
choices made by Gecina in the last few years (realignment around centrality sectors, affirmation of the residential 
business, active portfolio rotation, value extraction on buildings with strong potential, etc.).  
 
Like-for-like rental income trends reflect positive rental reversion (+0.2%) for offices in the most central sectors, as 
well as for residential, combined with still positive indexation (+0.8%). The trends also benefited from a rent catch-up 
effect for the period from 2017 to 2020 on retail units, following a decision by the authorities ruling on a backdated 
increase in rent (+2.2%). However, these positive effects were impacted by the increase in the vacancy rate (-1.8%), 
resulting from the temporary slowdown in the volume of transactions, particularly for commercial leases and student 
residences.  
 
The first-quarter rent collection rate of 95% to date is at a normalized level. The collection rate to date for second-
quarter rent also shows a normalization trend. As a result, the level of provisions for trade receivables is consistent overall 
with the levels usually seen before the health crisis, which represents a significant improvement compared with 2020. 
This collection rate reflects the Group’s robust rental base, since 83% of this base comes from tenants in the top 
two categories (very low risk or low risk) according to the Dun & Bradstreet ratings. This is stable compared with the 
rate published at end-December 2020. 
 
In terms of rental transactions, Gecina recorded a significantly higher number of transactions, over 30,000 sq.m during 
the first quarter (+22% compared with the volume for the last quarter of 202011), although this volume was still lower 
than the first quarter of 2020. This upturn marks the start of a recovery that is expected to ramp up during the second 
half of the year, accompanying the gradual improvement in economic visibility. The number of commercial interactions, 
which picked up significantly during the last few months of 2020, supported the scenario for a potential upturn in rental 
transactions, which is expected to be confirmed over the rest of 2021. This feeling was consolidated by a first quarter of 
2021 that was comparable to the first quarter of 2020 (pre-crisis) in terms of commercial activity, and even higher in 
terms of the number of visits. 
Illustrating this start of an upturn, the pre-letting rate for projects to be delivered in 2021 or 2022 has progressed up 
6 points since the start of the year to now reach 43%. Discussions are also underway with several potential tenants for 
various buildings from the development project pipeline. 
 
This start of an upturn in transactions is consistent with real estate market observations, with positive trends starting 
up for small and mid-sized properties, in a context of globally stable rental values, despite an increase in the vacancy 
rate on the markets, resulting directly from the temporary slowdown in the lettings rate since March 2020. For 
transactions under 5,000 sq.m, take-up in Paris’ Central Business District is stable (-1%) compared with a first 
quarter of 2020 that was relatively unaffected by the coronavirus shock. 
In general, the lower level of transactions in the Paris Region for the first quarter of 2021, down -30% from the first 
quarter of 2020, is mainly linked to the exceptional transaction signed last year for over 120,000 sq.m in La Défense. 
Excluding this single exceptional transaction, the contraction in take-up is limited to -4%, once again confirming 
the start of an upturn for the Paris Region rental markets, with larger operations as well.  
                                                     
11 Excluding the renewal transactions with the Orange Group for around 50,000 sq.m

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
Rental income reflecting the redevelopments launched recently, the asset divestments, the positive reversion for 
central sectors and residential, as well as the temporary increase in the vacancy rate 
 
Gross rental income  
Mar 31, 2020 
Mar 31, 2021 
Change (%) 
In million euros 
  
  
Current basis 
Like-for-like 
Offices  
136.3 
127.3 
-6.6% 
+2.0% 
Traditional residential 
26.4 
26.3 
-0.5% 
+1.0% 
Student residences 
5.3 
4.4 
-15.8% 
-15.1% 
Total gross rental income 
168.1 
158.1 
-5.9% 
+1.3% 
 
On a current basis, rental income is down -5.9%, primarily due to the impact of the office sales completed since the 
start of 2020 (-€4.4m), the buildings currently being redeveloped or to be launched for redevelopment shortly (-€4.4m), 
and a like-for-like contribution of +€1.8m, as well as certain buildings being unavailable for less than a year to carry out 
smaller-scale renovation work.  
 
Like-for-like, the performance came to +1.3% at end-March 2021. 
This performance benefited from an increase in indexation (+0.8%), as well as the positive impact of rental reversion 
(+0.2%) for both offices (headline reversion of +8%) and residential (+7.3%), but was affected by a deterioration in 
the rental vacancy rate (-1.8%) primarily following the departure of three tenants from retail units in the office portfolio. 
This performance also benefited from a rent catch-up effect for 2017 to 2020 on retail units (+2.2%) following a 
decision by the authorities whose significant effect on the first quarter will be spread over the full year. 
 
Offices: positive trends for offices in the most central sectors 
 
Gross rental income - Offices 
Mar 
31, 
2020 
Mar 
31, 
2021 
Change (%) 
In million euros 
  
  
Current basis 
Like-for-like 
Restated12 
Offices 
136.3 
127.3 
-6.6% 
+2.0% 
-0.7% 
Paris City 
75.4 
73.5 
-2.5% 
+4.3% 
-0.4% 
- Paris CBD & 5-6-7 
44.7 
46.8 
+4.8% 
+6.4% 
-1.0% 
- Paris CBD & 5-6-7 - Offices 
35.6 
35.6 
+0.1% 
+1.0% 
+1.0% 
- Paris CBD & 5-6-7 - Retail 
9.1 
11.2 
+23.5% 
+27.7% 
-8.8% 
- Paris - Other 
30.8 
26.7 
-13.2% 
+0.6% 
+0.6% 
Western Crescent - La Défense 
45.6 
40.2 
-11.8% 
-0.4% 
-0.4% 
Paris Region - Other 
10.7 
9.1 
-15.0% 
-4.5% 
-4.5% 
Other French regions / International 
4.6 
4.5 
-3.1% 
+2.0% 
+2.0% 
 
On a current basis, rental income from offices is down -6.6%, linked primarily to the significant volume of sales 
completed in 2020 (-€4.2m with Le Valmy in East Paris and several buildings in Antony, Boulogne-Billancourt and 
Vincennes) and the assets with strong value creation potential already transferred or to be transferred shortly to the 
committed pipeline (-€4.4m).  
This change also factors in the contribution by the redeveloped buildings delivered recently (for nearly +€2m), a like-for-
like rental contribution (+€2.3m) and vacant spaces made unavailable as part of a program of smaller-scale renovation 
work. 
 
Like-for-like, office rental income shows +2.0% growth at end-March 2021, highlighting the outperformance by central 
sectors with organic growth rates up for Paris City (+1% in Paris’ CBD and +0.6% for Paris City excluding the 
CBD), compared with a moderate decrease in the Western Crescent (-0.4%) and a more marked contraction for the 
rest of the Paris Region (-4.5%), where Gecina has a limited presence.  
These contrasting performance levels depending on the areas are linked primarily to the contribution by the reversion 
captured, which was still positive for Paris (+18% in the CBD, +13% for the rest of Paris), but negative for less 
central sectors (-7% for the Western Crescent). 
 
 
                                                     
12 Like-for-like excluding the impact of a rent catch-up on retail units recorded during the first quarter

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
 
For the scope concerning retail units in Paris’ Central Business District, the like-for-like rate was +27.7%. It 
benefited from the rent catch-up effect as explained above, applying backdated adjustments for a sub-letting situation 
following a decision by the authorities. Excluding this effect, the like-for-like growth rate would be down -8.8%, linked 
exclusively to the departure of three tenants from the scope.  
 
Residential portfolios: organic performance driven by positive reversion 
 
For the traditional residential portfolio, rental income is up +1.0% like-for-like. This performance reflects the impact 
of the strategy rolled out aiming to capture reversion potential. Since the start of the year, the rent differential secured 
between new and old tenants came to +7.3%, contributing +1.0% to this portfolio’s like-for-like rental performance. 
In addition, indexation came to +0.7%. However, this performance was partially offset by the impact of a moderate 
increase in the vacancy rate, which reduced organic growth by around -0.9%, largely attributable to the health context. 
 
On a current basis, rental income shows a slight decrease of -0.5%, reflecting the impact of the small number of sales 
completed recently, as well as the departure of one tenant from commercial space in a residential building that will be 
converted into apartments.  
 
Rental income from student residences shows a significant contraction of -15.1% like-for-like and 
 -15.8% on a current basis, reflecting the impacts of the health crisis and the closure of universities and graduate schools 
that were still open during the first quarter of 2020. This decrease therefore reflects the temporary deterioration in the 
occupancy rate for student residences in a health crisis context, despite the improvement seen during the second half of 
2020. To date, the deterioration in the environment is continuing to be seen, with health restrictions that were further 
tightened recently. 
 
Occupancy rate still high despite a temporary drop linked to the slowdown in transactions in the context affected 
by the health crisis 
 
The Group’s average financial occupancy rate was still high, with 92.0%, although down -160bp year-on-year.  
 
For the office scope, the -1.3pt year-on-year contraction is linked to the departure of three tenants from retail units in 
Paris’ Central Business District. Excluding the retail leases, the occupancy rate for offices is 93.0%, stable year-on-
year, despite the slowdown in the lettings rate, benefiting from the improvement in occupancy for partially vacant 
buildings such as Carré Michelet. However, this rate does not factor in certain lettings for leases that were signed recently 
but have not yet come into effect, such as the Carré Michelet building again. 
 
For traditional residential, the contraction is also linked to the slowdown in letting processes in the current health 
context. 
 
For the student residences scope, the financial occupancy rate continues to show a deterioration, as universities and 
graduate schools are still closed, with the recent tightening of restrictions offsetting the improvement seen during the 
second half of 2020. For reference, the average financial occupancy rate was 92% for the last quarter of 2020.  
 
Average financial occupancy 
rate 
Mar 31, 2020 
Jun 30, 2020 
Sep 30, 2020 
Dec 31, 2020 
Mar 31, 2021 
Offices 
93.0% 
93.2% 
93.1% 
93.1% 
91.7% 
Traditional residential 
97.7% 
97.6% 
97.1% 
96.9% 
96.1% 
Student residences 
93.9% 
82.1% 
79.0% 
82.9% 
81.5% 
Group total 
93.6% 
93.4% 
93.2% 
93.3% 
92.0%

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
Lettings activity generating significant positive reversion in the most central sectors in the first quarter 
 
During the first quarter, Gecina let, relet or renegotiated more than 30,000 sq.m, representing close to €16m of 
annualized headline rent, with around two thirds generated in the Western Crescent and La Défense, and the rest in Paris 
City.  
The volume of transactions is down compared with a pre-Covid first quarter of 2020. However, it shows a trend for an 
upturn in transactions, with a 22% increase in the volume compared with the last quarter of 2020 (excluding exceptional 
renewal with Orange for around 50,000 sq.m). It is also interesting to note the relative weakness of January during the 
first quarter of 2021 compared with more active months in February and March in terms of rental transactions.  
 
The performance levels achieved once again show a clear rental outperformance for Gecina’s preferred sectors and 
especially Paris City. The headline reversion achieved on relettings, renewals and renegotiations therefore 
represents +8%.  
The reversion achieved came to +18% in the Paris CBD and +13% for the rest of Paris City. However, it is negative for 
the Western Crescent and La Défense (-7%). 
 
The key transactions included the progress made with letting the Carré Michelet building in La Défense, delivered at 
the end of 2019 and now almost 90% let, as well as the letting of around 4,000 sq.m in the Anthos building, taking the 
pre-letting rate for pipeline operations to be delivered in 2021 or 2022 up to 43%. 
 
€133m of sales completed or covered by preliminary agreements at end-March, with a 4.3% premium versus their 
end-December 2020 values 
 
Since the start of the year, Gecina has sold or secured sales for €133m, achieving a premium of around +4.3% versus 
the latest values, with €76m subject to preliminary sales agreements at end-March 2021.  
More than half of the sales completed or covered by preliminary agreements concern office buildings, with the rest 
primarily including residential properties sold as a portfolio of individual units. Both categories of assets were sold based 
on premiums compared with their latest values. 
 
Gecina now aims to be carbon neutral by 2030, and is requalifying all of its outstanding bond issues as Green 
Bonds 
 
With its announcement of CAN0P-2030, its Carbon Net Zero Plan, on March 30, 2021, Gecina is accelerating its low-
carbon roadmap and targeting net zero greenhouse gas emissions for its operations by 2030, building on the successful 
reduction of its carbon emissions by 26% over the past four years.  
To achieve its goal, Gecina is leveraging several operational aspects:  
- 
Deploying low-carbon solutions on a wide scale, industrializing processes and working with an ecosystem of 
innovative partners, from industrial firms to startup incubators and investment funds; 
- 
Increasing the use of renewable energies, which already represent 40% of the portfolio’s energy mix; 
- 
Continuing to reduce energy consumption by carrying out renovation work; 
- 
Further strengthening the integration of its environmental and financial performance by continuing to set up 
responsible loans. 
 
To achieve its ambitions, the Company is moving forward with the deployment of shared value creation drivers that have 
already been put in place, including: establishing an internal carbon “tax” covering CO2 emissions for each operational 
division, incorporating an environmental performance criterion into long-term incentive plans for its employees, 
setting up a Corporate Social Responsibility Committee within its Board of Directors in 2020, and integrating CSR 
into all of the Company’s activities (employee empowerment and engagement, cultural integration and training). 
 
Following on from this announcement, Gecina also launched the requalification of all its outstanding bond issues as 
Green Bonds, further strengthening the alignment between its environmental performance and its financial structure. 
This requalification is subject to approval by note holders at their general meetings. 
 
This program, which is innovative on several levels, aims to accompany the continuous, global improvement in the 
Group’s asset portfolio and environmental performance: 
- 
All issues will transition to Green Bonds: outstanding issues (€5.6bn) will be requalified13, and all future bonds 
will be issued in this format; 
- 
Dynamic approach with Green Bond financing or refinancing eligibility criteria for buildings that are reviewed 
every year and increasingly demanding to ensure alignment with the Company’s target to be carbon neutral by 
2030; 
                                                     
13 The requalification of outstanding issues as Green Bonds will be subject to approval by note holders invited to attend a General Meeting for each outstanding issue. All of 
the documents relating to the convening of note holders are available on Gecina’s website.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
- 
Continued improvements with carbon and energy performance across all of the buildings, with a global vision, 
since the entire existing portfolio, both offices and residential, is tested each year and applies to be eligible. 
In the future, this program will also open up possibilities to issue Sustainability-Linked Bonds (SLB) with interest rates 
that are indexed against the achievement of carbon footprint goals for the entire Group, making it possible to issue bonds 
with both Green Bond and SLB status.  
 
Sales completed or secured at end-March without any impact on 2021 guidance, which has been maintained 
 
Following the impact of the sales completed in 2020 and the assets freed up for redevelopment, a slowdown in indexation 
in 2021 and extended letting timeframes, particularly for assets from the pipeline, recurrent net income (Group share) per 
share is expected to contract in 2021 to around €5.3 per share14.  
 
Although the volume of sales completed since the start of the year or under preliminary agreements to date represents 
€133m, Gecina is keeping its guidance unchanged for the year, illustrating the confidence made possible by a solid first 
quarter.  
 
Over the longer term, the projects from the “committed” and “to be committed” (controlled and certain) pipeline and the 
normalization of the lettings rate for the assets delivered in 2019 and 2020 are expected to generate €120m to €130m of 
additional annualized rental income (IFRS), thanks exclusively to these internal dynamics developed by the Group.  
 
 
Paris, April 14, 2021 
 
Gecina wants to transform 100% of its bonds into Green Bonds, within a global, dynamic and innovative 
approach 
 
Following on from the announcement of CAN0P-2030, its Carbon Net Zero Plan with a target for its operational 
portfolio to be carbon neutral by 2030, Gecina is launching the requalification of all its outstanding bond issues as 
Green Bonds, further strengthening the alignment between its environmental performance and its financial 
structure. 
 
Building on its policy launched in 2018 to set up responsible bank loans, which represent 49% of the bank facilities in 
place today, Gecina is committed to setting up a 100% Green Bond program. 
 
Presented in its Green Bond Framework (available on the Company’s website), with its ambition approved by an 
independent third party, ISS Corporate Solutions, Gecina is moving forward with its approach for all of its issues to be 
Green Bonds. 
 
This program, which is innovative on several levels, aims to accompany the continuous, global improvement in the 
Group’s asset portfolio and environmental performance: 
- 
All issues will transition to Green Bonds: outstanding issues (€5.6bn) will be requalified15, and all future bonds 
will be issued in this format; 
- 
Dynamic approach with Green Bond financing or refinancing eligibility criteria for buildings that are reviewed 
every year and increasingly demanding to ensure alignment with the Company’s target to be carbon neutral by 
2030; 
- 
Continued improvements with carbon and energy performance across all of the buildings, with a global vision, 
since the entire existing portfolio, both offices and residential, is tested each year and applies to be eligible. 
 
In the future, this program will also open up possibilities to issue Sustainability-Linked Bonds (SLB) with interest rates 
that are indexed against the achievement of carbon footprint goals for the entire Group, making it possible to issue bonds 
with both Green Bond and SLB status. 
 
If approved by note holders at their general meetings, this 100% Green format will position Gecina as one of the first 
companies in the world to have a fully green euro bond financing program.  
 
Crédit Agricole CIB and Allen & Overy advised Gecina on this operation. 
 
“With this pioneering project to transform our entire bond portfolio into Green Bonds, we are setting out the ambition 
from our CAN0P-2030 plan for net zero emissions. This 100% Green Bond financing program will help drive 
                                                     
14 This estimate could be revised down or up depending on potential acquisitions and sales that were not secured at end-March 2021 
15 The requalification of outstanding issues as Green Bonds will be subject to approval by note holders invited to attend a General 
Meeting for each outstanding issue. All of the documents relating to the convening of note holders are available on Gecina’s website.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
improvements in energy performance across our portfolio, with a transition to increasingly high-performance assets 
based on increasingly demanding criteria”, confirms Méka Brunel, Gecina’s Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 
Paris, April 6, 2021 
 
Gecina lets over 6,500 sq.m in La Défense and Boulogne-Billancourt  
 
In La Défense, Gecina has signed a lease for 2,500 sq.m in the Carré Michelet building, with 90% of its space now 
let. In Boulogne-Billancourt, Gecina has let more than 4,000 sq.m of Anthos, taking its project pipeline’s pre-
letting rate up to 43% for the projects scheduled for delivery in 2021 and 2022.  
 
For Carré Michelet, the new lease, with a firm six-year period, will come into effect from September 1, 2021. The new 
tenant, a major industrial group specialized in decorative paint, will use this space for its headquarters.  
Alongside the existing tenants MSD, Novo Nordisk, Wano PC and CGI, this new lease takes this asset’s letting rate up 
to over 90%. 
Delivered at the end of 2019 following an ambitious redevelopment operation, Carré Michelet, a non-high rise building, 
offers a total of 37,100 sq.m, with 1,400 sq.m of accessible outdoor spaces, including terraces, an interior garden area 
and balconies. It combines workspaces with a business center, a concierge office, various dining areas and a gym. A 
YouFirst Manager facilitates access to these various services each day for employees and their visitors. 
 
The Anthos building will be welcoming a major French pharmaceutical group from July 1, 2021. This new lease covers 
a firm nine-year period. 
Scheduled for delivery within a few weeks, the Anthos building will offer 9,400 sq.m of fully renovated space across 
nine floors, as well as 240 sq.m of accessible terraces and a wide range of dining spaces with natural light. 
 
These two transactions were completed at rents consistent with the Group’s expectations. 
 
“These leases highlight tenants’ appetite for quality buildings located in the Paris Region’s most central sectors. Both 
of these buildings illustrate the ambition set out with YouFirst, the client-centric brand developed by Gecina, which aims 
to build strong, lasting relationships with all of its clients”, confirms Valérie Britay, Deputy CEO in charge of the Office 
Division. 
 
 
Paris, April 6, 2021 
 
Notice of early redemption of bond maturing in July 2021 
 
 
Three months prior to their July 30, 2021 maturity, Gecina will redeem all its outstanding bonds issued with a 1.75% 
coupon on July 30, 2014 (ISIN code: FR0012059202). The Company will do so in accordance with the terms and 
conditions provided for in the bond’s prospectus approved by the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) under No. 
14-430 on July 22, 2014. 
The early redemption date for the Notes will be on April 30, 2021. The face value of the notes being redeemed is 166.6 
million euros. 
The Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent is Société Générale Securities Services. 
 
 
Paris, March 30, 2021 
 
Gecina targets net zero carbon for its operational portfolio by 2030  
with its “CAN0P-2030” plan  
 
With CAN0P-2030 (Carbon Net Zero Plan), Gecina is accelerating its low-carbon roadmap and targeting net zero 
greenhouse gas emissions for its operations by 2030, building on the successful reduction of its carbon emissions 
by 26% over the past four years.  
 
 
Transformative ambition aligned with Gecina’s core values

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
The Company’s CSR policy is wide-ranging, integrated and fully aligned with its purpose: “Empowering shared human 
experiences at the heart of our sustainable spaces”. The decarbonization of its activities is at the heart of this policy, 
which is structured around four pillars: low carbon, biodiversity, wellbeing and circular economy.  
 
Driven by its tangible results since 2017, Gecina is accelerating its targets faced with the climate emergency by aiming 
to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2030 across its operational portfolio, bringing its initial target forward by 20 
years. 
 
Low-carbon know-how and concrete results  
 
Since 2008, Gecina has halved its CO2 emissions, including a 26% reduction in the last four years, accelerating its 
roadmap. This reduction has enabled it to cut its emissions three times more quickly than average for the sector in France 
according to the Green Building Observatory (OID). 
Gecina has a portfolio of buildings that meets the market’s best standards, with HQE/BREEAM In Use certification for 
80% of its office assets (versus just 11% of the market according to an OID benchmark), while 100% of its buildings 
under development have the highest levels of certification. 
 
Alongside this, Gecina has rolled out the BBCA Renovation label across its development pipeline, thanks in particular to 
its circular economy policy, which contributes to the portfolio’s carbon performance once assets are in operation. Today, 
these projects are around 40% more carbon-efficient during their construction phase than they were in 2016.  
 
Thanks to all of these performances, Gecina is regularly ranked as one of the most advanced companies for CSR by the 
leading sustainability rating agencies. Its ambitious low-carbon strategy was recognized by the Carbon Disclosure Project 
(CDP), which awarded it its highest “A List” status.  
 
To achieve its goal of net zero carbon emissions, Gecina is leveraging several operational aspects:  
- 
Deploying low-carbon solutions on a wide scale, industrializing processes and working with an ecosystem of 
innovative partners, from industrial firms to startup incubators and investment funds such as Demeter Paris Fonds 
Vert and Fifth Wall, 
- 
Increasing the use of renewable energies, which already represent 40% of the energy mix with its CSR policy, 
- 
Continuing to reduce energy consumption by carrying out renovation work, 
- 
Further strengthening the integration of its environmental and financial performance by continuing to set up 
responsible loans. 
 
 
Collective, company-wide ambition 
 
CAN0P-2030 will help drive the Company’s transformation and aims to bring on board all of its employees and external 
stakeholders (clients, suppliers, city organizations, etc.). 
 
To achieve its ambitions, the Company is moving forward with the deployment of shared value creation drivers that have 
already been put in place, including:  
 
1. Establishing an internal carbon tax covering CO2 emissions for each operational division. This internal tax feeds 
into an internal carbon fund focused on supporting low-carbon actions proposed by employees. In the past two 
years, 13 projects have been supported. 
2. Incorporating an environmental performance criterion into long-term incentive plans for its employees. 
3. Setting up a Corporate Social Responsibility Committee within its Board of Directors in 2020. 
4. Integrating CSR into all of the Company’s activities (employee empowerment and engagement, cultural 
integration and training).

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Paris, March 2, 2021 
 
Gecina lets over 4,000 sq.m in Neuilly-sur-Seine 
 
 
Gecina is delighted to welcome a real estate expert to its building at 96-104 avenue Charles de Gaulle in Neuilly-sur-
Seine, signing a firm six-year lease for over 4,000 sq.m. 
 
This space is currently occupied and will be relet from July 1, 2021, the day after the current tenant’s departure, 
highlighting this asset’s attractive positioning and Gecina’s ability to anticipate its letting challenges. 
 
Located 
on 
the 
major 
Paris-La 
Défense 
road 
axis, 
with 
outstanding 
transport 
links, 
the  
96-104 building benefited from an extensive redevelopment that was completed in 2012. Designed by the architects 
Lobjoy-Bouvier-Boisseau, it is made up of three buildings linked by a gallery and a timber-structured connecting building 
to give access to all the shared services - meeting rooms, café, restaurant – opening out on to a patio with an interior 
garden.  
 
For this operation, Gecina was advised by BNP Paribas Real Estate.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
AMF approbation and admission to trading of the Notes issued under the Programme 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority pursuant 
to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval shall 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes which are the subject of this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is valid until 18 June 2022. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in the event 
of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus 
is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to list and admit any Series of Notes issued hereunder to trading on Euronext Paris 
and/or on any other Regulated Market. 
(2) 
Corporate Authorisation 
Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations under French 
law, requires the prior authorisation of the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of the Issuer, which 
may delegate its powers to any person of its choice pursuant to Article L. 228-40 of the French Code de 
commerce. The applicable authorisation and delegation will be mentioned in the relevant Final Terms. Any issue 
of Notes, to the extent that such Notes do not constitute obligations, will fall within the general powers of the 
Directrice Générale of the Issuer. On 18 February 2021, the Board of Directors (Conseil d’administration) of 
the Issuer authorised, for a period of one year, the issuance of Notes for (i) a maximum aggregate amount of 
Euro 1,200,000,000 and (ii) an additional maximum aggregate amount of Euro 500,000,000 for Notes having 
an initial maturity less than or equal to twenty-four months. 
(3) 
No Significant Change in the Financial Position or Financial Performance of the Issuer  
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the Documents Incorporated by Reference), there has been 
no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or of the Group since 31 
March 2021. 
(4) 
Material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer  
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the Documents Incorporated by Reference), there has been 
no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Group since 31 December 2020.  
(5) 
Material contracts  
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which could 
result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's ability 
to meet its obligation to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being issued.  
(6) 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings  
Save as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the Documents Incorporated by Reference), neither the 
Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), 
during the period of twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had 
in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
(7) 
Definitive Materialised Note 
Each Definitive Materialised Note with an initial maturity of more than 365 days, where TEFRA D is specified 
in the Final Terms, and any Receipt, Coupon and Talon relating thereto, will bear the following legend: “ANY 
UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS 
UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN 
SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED”.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
(8) 
Clearing Systems 
Application may be made for Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (66, rue de la Victoire 
75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (1, boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium) and Clearstream 
(42, avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg). 
The appropriate Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the 
identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Dematerialised Notes will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France, acting as central depositary. 
Dematerialised Notes which are in registered form (au nominatif) are also inscribed either with the Issuer or 
with the registration agent. 
(9) 
Documents on Display 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available on the website of the Issuer (www.gecina.fr):  
(i) 
the 
statuts 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.gecina.fr/sites/default/files/2021-
02/2021_02_05_statuts_gecina_dg_05_02_2021_uk.pdf); 
(ii) 
a copy of the Documents Incorporated by Reference, which comprise the 2019 Universal Registration 
Document and the 2020 Universal Registration Document of the Issuer, together with any supplement 
to the Documents Incorporated by Reference; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base 
Prospectus; 
(iv) 
any Final Terms relating to Notes admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other Regulated Market; 
(v) 
any reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus in respect of each issue of Notes. 
The Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the lettre comptable, of the Temporary Global Certificates, 
of the Definitive Materialised Notes, of the Coupons, of the Receipts and of the Talons) will be available during 
normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), for inspection free 
of charge, at the registered office of the Issuer. 
(10) 
Publication of the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
This Base Prospectus and any Supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published on the websites of (a) the 
AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer (www.gecina.fr). The Final Terms related to Notes traded on any 
Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and (b) the Issuer 
(www.gecina.fr). The documents incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus or in any Supplement will 
also be published on the websites of (a) the Issuer (www.gecina.fr) and (b), provided they constitute documents 
on which the AMF has granted a registration number, the AMF (www.amf-france.org). This Base Prospectus, 
any Supplement to this Base Prospectus, the Final Terms related to Notes traded on a Regulated Market in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or 
in any Supplement and the statuts (By-laws) of the Issuer will be available and may be obtained, free of charge, 
during usual business hours at the registered office of the Issuer.  
In addition, should the Notes be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to those Notes will provide whether this 
Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be published on the website of (x) the Regulated Market 
where the Notes have been admitted to trading or (y) the competent authority of the Member State of the EEA 
where the Notes have been admitted to trading.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
(11) 
Publication of Accounts 
The Issuer publishes (i) audited annual non-consolidated and consolidated accounts and (ii) unaudited semi-
annual consolidated accounts.  
(12) 
Statutory Auditors 
Mazars, 61 rue Henri Regnault, 92400 Courbevoie, France and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63 rue de 
Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine cedex, France have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 2020. Mazars 
and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit belong to the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de 
Versailles.  
(13) 
Ratings 
The Programme has been rated A- (senior unsecured debt) by S&P and A3 (senior unsecured debt) by Moody’s. 
The long term debt of the Issuer is currently rated A- (with stable outlook) by S&P and A3 (with stable outlook) 
by Moody’s. 
(14) 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in 
the relevant Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price 
of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms 
of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) 
in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
(15) 
Currencies 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “€”, “Euro”, 
or “euro” are to the single currency of the participating Member States of the European Union which was 
introduced on 1 January 1999, references to “£”, “GBP” and “Sterling” are to the lawful currency of the United 
Kingdom, references to “USD” and “U.S. Dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, 
references to “Japanese yen” and “Yen” are to the lawful currency of Japan and references to “Swiss francs” are 
to the lawful currency of the Helvetic Confederation. 
(16) 
Conflicts of interests 
There are no conflicts of interests between the duties of the members of the administrative, management and 
supervisory bodies of the Issuer to the Issuer and their private interests or their other duties.  
(17) 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the purposes 
of the Benchmarks Regulation. In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms as to 
whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
(18) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) 
The LEI of the Issuer is 9695003E4MMA10IBTR26.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Person assuming responsibility for this Base Prospectus 
Nicolas Dutreuil, Directeur Général Adjoint en charge des Finances 
Declaration by person responsible for this Base Prospectus 
I hereby certify that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of my 
knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
Paris, 18 June 2021 
 
Gecina 
14/16 rue des Capucines 
75084 Paris, Cedex 02 
France 
Tel: + 33 1 40 40 50 50 
 
Duly represented by: 
 
Nicolas Dutreuil, Directeur Général Adjoint en charge des Finances 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it 
contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.  
 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes.  
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 18 June 2021 and is valid until 18 June 2022 and shall, during this period 
and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended, be completed by 
a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This Base 
Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°21-236.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
 
Issuer 
 
Gecina 
14/16, rue des Capucines 
75084 Paris Cedex 02 
France 
Tel: + 33 (0)1 40 40 50 50 
 
Arranger 
 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
Dealers 
 
 
Banco Santander, S.A. 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
Ciudad Grupo Santander - Edificio 
One Molesworth Street 
Encinar 
Dublin 2 
Avenida de Cantabria 
DO2RF29 
28660, Boadilla del Monte 
Ireland 
Madrid 
 
Spain 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
12, Place des Etats-Unis  
75009 Paris 
CS 70052 
France 
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
 
France 
 
 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
HSBC Continental Europe 
6, avenue de Provence  
38, avenue Kléber 
75452 Paris Cedex 09 
75116 Paris 
France  
France 
 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Mediobanca-Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment Banking 
Piazzetta E. Cuccia, 1 
Via Manzoni 4 
20121 Milan 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
Italy 
 
 
 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Natixis 
Taunustor 1 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
75013 Paris 
Germany 
France 
 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Société Générale 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
29, boulevard Haussmann 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
75009 Paris 
The Netherlands 
France 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent, Redenomination Agent, 
Consolidation Agent, Calculation Agent and Put Agent 
 
Société Générale 
Securities Services 
32, avenue du Champ de Tir 
CS 30812 
44308 Nantes CEDEX 3 
France

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
 
Auditors to the Issuer 
 
Mazars 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
61, rue Henri Regnault 
63, rue de Villiers 
92400 Courbevoie 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine cedex 
France 
France 
 
 
Legal Advisers 
 
 
To the Issuer 
To the Dealers 
 
 
Allen & Overy LLP  
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
52, avenue Hoche  
15 rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris 
75008 Paris 
France 
France