--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
586291846 
1 
 
 
 
GELF Bond Issuer I S.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis by  
 
GOODMAN FUNDS MANAGEMENT (LUX) S.À R.L.  
(incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
 
in its capacity as a Luxembourg management company acting for the account of 
 
GOODMAN EUROPEAN LOGISTICS FUND FCP-FIS 
 
(established in Luxembourg as a mutual investment fund – specialised investment fund (fonds 
commun de placement – fonds d’investissement spécialisé) under the provisions of the 
Luxembourg law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds as amended (the “SIF 
Law”) and subject to the supervision of the CSSF, as defined below) 
 
GELF EUROPEAN HOLDINGS (LUX) S.À R.L. 
GELF INVESTMENTS (LUX) S.À R.L. 
(each incorporated with limited liability in Luxembourg) 
 
Under this €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), GELF 
Bond Issuer I S.A., a public limited liability company (société anonyme), having its registered 
office at 5, rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, and 
registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de Commerce et des 
Sociétés Luxembourg) (the “RCS”) under number B 173090 (the “Issuer”) may from time to 
time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed on a joint and several basis by Goodman Funds Management (Lux) S.à r.l. (formerly 
GELF Management (Lux) S.à r.l.), a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité 
limitée) having its registered office at 5, rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, and registered with the RCS under number B 121702 (the “Management 
Company”, which expression shall include any successor management company appointed 
under the management regulations of GEP (as defined below)), in its capacity as a Luxembourg 
management company acting for the account of Goodman European Logistics Fund FCP-FIS,

--- Page 2 ---
586291846 
2 
 
a Luxembourg mutual investment fund (fonds commun de placement) organised as a 
specialised investment fund (fond d’investissement specialisé) under the laws of the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the RCS under number K 1339 (“GEP”), GELF 
European Holdings (Lux) S.à r.l., a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité 
limitée) having its registered office at 5, rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, and registered with the RCS under number B 122752 (“GEH”) and GELF 
Investments (Lux) S.à r.l., a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) 
having its registered office at 5, rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, and registered with the RCS under number B 117053  (“GIS”) as guarantors (each 
a “Guarantor” and, together, the “Guarantors”). The expressions “Guarantor” and “Guarantors” 
shall also include any member of the Group (as defined in Condition 4) which becomes a 
Guarantor pursuant to Condition 3.4 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (such Terms and 
Conditions being the “Conditions”) but shall not include any Guarantor which has ceased to be 
a Guarantor pursuant to Condition 3.3. The expression “Obligor” means the Issuer or a 
Guarantor and the expression “Obligors” means the Issuer and the Guarantors together. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described 
herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under 
“Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from 
time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and, together, the “Dealers”), which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the 
“relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed 
by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a 
discussion of these risks, see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de 
Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129, as amended (the “EU Prospectus Regulation”) and issued in compliance with the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and the Luxembourg law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for 
securities for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Notes. The CSSF only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be 
considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantors and of the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF 
assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantors. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (Bourse de 
Luxembourg). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 
months from its date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated

--- Page 3 ---
586291846 
3 
 
market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and will expire on 1 August 2025. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to 
the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 
1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to 
“Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved any information in this 
Base Prospectus pertaining to Exempt Notes and the CSSF assumes no responsibility in 
relation to issues of Exempt Notes. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Notes have been listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the 
Markets in Financial Instruments Directive II (Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)). 
Except in the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest 
(if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which 
is applicable to each Tranche (as defined in the Conditions) of Notes will be set out in a final 
terms document (the “Final Terms”) which, with respect to all Notes other than Exempt Notes, 
will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (https://www.luxse.com). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate 
nominal amount of such Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of such Notes, the issue price 
of such Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche of such Notes 
will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the “Pricing Supplement”). In the case of 
Exempt Notes, references herein to “Final Terms” shall be deemed to be references to “Pricing 
Supplement”, so far as the context admits. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Exempt Notes and/or Exempt Notes not 
admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or 
sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any 
state of the United States and any other jurisdiction (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
GEP is rated Baa1 by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH (“Moody’s Deutschland”) and BBB+ by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P"). The Programme is rated Baa1 by Moody’s 
Deutschland and BBB+ by S&P. In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for EEA regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended or 
superseded) (the “EU CRA Regulation”) (and such registration has not been withdrawn or

--- Page 4 ---
586291846 
4 
 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Similarly, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for UK regulatory purposes if such rating 
is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”).  
Each of Moody’s Deutschland and S&P (at the date of this Base Prospectus) is established in 
the EEA and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, each of Moody’s Deutschland 
and S&P (at the date of this Base Prospectus) is included in the list of credit rating agencies and 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation.  Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by either of 
the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating 
assigned to the Programme by the relevant rating agency. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Potential investors should note that this Base Prospectus has been prepared solely for 
use in connection with Notes to be issued under the Programme, and not for any other 
purpose. In particular, this Base Prospectus is not being, and may not be, used in 
connection with any offer or marketing (as such term is defined under the Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers Directive (EU Directive 2011/61/EU) (as amended, the “AIFM 
Directive”) of any units or shares of any entity. 
 
 
Arranger
 
ING
 
 
Dealers
 
BNP PARIBAS
HSBC
ING
NATWEST MARKETS
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 1 August 2024.

--- Page 5 ---
586291846 
5 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt 
Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The Issuer and the Guarantors accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms in relation to each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer and the Guarantors (each having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import 
of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base 
Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in, 
and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or 
approved by the CSSF.  
Save for the Issuer and the Guarantors, no other party, including the Dealers and the Trustee 
(as defined in the Conditions), has independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer or the Guarantors in connection with the Programme. No 
Dealer or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer or the 
Guarantors in connection with the Programme. 
The applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable) in relation to each Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme may provide that those Notes are “ESG Notes” and that it 
will be the Issuer's intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those 
Notes specifically to Eligible Green Projects (as defined in the “Use of Proceeds” section). In 
such circumstances, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out, or 
referred to, under “Use of Proceeds” and/or the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of 
proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose 
of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. 
Neither the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates make any 
representation as to the suitability of the Notes to fulfil environmental criteria required by any 
prospective investors. Neither the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective 
affiliates have undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible Green 
Projects (as defined in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus), any verification 
of whether the Eligible Green Projects meet any eligibility criteria set out in GEP’s green finance 
framework (the “Green Finance Framework”) or the monitoring of the use of proceeds (or

--- Page 6 ---
586291846 
6 
 
amounts equal thereto) or the allocation of the proceeds to particular Eligible Green Projects. 
Investors should refer to the Green Finance Framework, any Second Party Opinion (as defined 
in the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus) and any public reporting by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of proceeds (each of which will, when published, 
be available on the Issuer's website at www.gep.eu and which, for the avoidance of doubt, are 
not and will not be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus) for information. Neither 
the Arranger, the Dealers, the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates make any 
representation as to the suitability or content of such materials. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantors, any of the Dealers or the 
Trustee to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent 
with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Guarantors, any of the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or 
(b) should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantors, any of the Dealers 
or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantors. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Guarantors, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for 
or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall 
in any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantors is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time after the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or any Guarantor during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. 
 
-------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date 
on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but must end no later than the earlier of 30 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment

--- Page 7 ---
586291846 
7 
 
of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
586291846 
8 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Notes in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in 
such jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be 
restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers and the Trustee 
do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may 
be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility 
for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering 
of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United 
States, the EEA (including the Netherlands) and the United Kingdom (the “UK”), Switzerland, 
Singapore and Japan, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold, or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold, 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended or superseded, the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
the EU Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(as amended, the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs

--- Page 9 ---
586291846 
9 
 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The applicable Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (an “EEA distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, an EEA distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
MiFID product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (and amended, the 
“MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer 
in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The applicable Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the relevant Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the relevant Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending such Notes (a “UK distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of such Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in 
respect of such Notes, but otherwise none of the Arranger, the Dealers and any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE “SFA”) AND 
THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES (CAPITAL MARKETS PRODUCTS) REGULATIONS 2018 
OF SINGAPORE (THE “CMP REGULATIONS 2018”) – In connection with Section 309B of the 
SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (including all relevant persons 
as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that all Notes issues or to be issued under the 
Programme are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).

--- Page 10 ---
586291846 
10 
 
The Notes may only be offered or sold to Well Informed Investors (as defined in “Selected 
Definitions” below) and the minimum denomination of the Notes will not be less than €100,000 
(or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial 
and other professional advisors, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in 
the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that 
may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisors to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to 
determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION - Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may 
be calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a 
benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU Benchmarks 
Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the applicable Final 
Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Not every reference rate will fall within the scope 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU Benchmark Regulation may 
have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the 
register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the applicable Final Terms. The 
registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of

--- Page 11 ---
586291846 
11 
 
public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update 
the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator.

--- Page 12 ---
586291846 
12 
 
CONTENTS 
Clause  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
13 
RISK FACTORS 
20 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
49 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
52 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
55 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
88 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
164 
THE GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK 
165 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
169 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS 
172 
SELECTED DEFINITIONS 
201 
TAXATION 
211 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
216 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
222

--- Page 13 ---
586291846 
13 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its 
entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions 
of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer, the Guarantors and 
any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated 
in the Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, and if 
appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to this Base Prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25(1) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer 
GELF Bond Issuer I S.A. 
 
Guarantors: 
Goodman Funds Management (Lux) S.à r.l. (formerly GELF 
Management (Lux) S.à r.l.), in its capacity as a Luxembourg 
management company acting for the account of Goodman 
European Logistics Fund FCP-FIS, a Luxembourg fonds 
commun de placement 
 
GELF European Holdings (Lux) S.à r.l. 
 
GELF Investments (Lux) S.à r.l. 
 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under the 
Programme and there are also certain factors that may affect 
a Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
Guarantee (as defined below under “Notes Guarantee”). 
These are set out under “Risk Factors” below and include risks 
relating to the markets in which the Group operates generally, 
risks relating to the Group’s business, financial risks, legal 
risks, regulatory risks and taxation risks. In addition, there are 
certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme and certain risks relating to the structure of 
particular Series of Notes and certain market risks. These are 
also set out under “Risk Factors” below. 
 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
Arranger: 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas

--- Page 14 ---
586291846 
14 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
NatWest Markets Plc 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”), including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting 
deposits contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
 
Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
 
Programme Size: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer and the Guarantors may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or

--- Page 15 ---
586291846 
15 
 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully paid or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, a partly paid basis and at an issue price which is at par 
or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form 
of the Notes”. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) and on redemption and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency (as defined in Condition 1) governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series); or 
 
(b) by reference to EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR as adjusted 
for any applicable margin; or 
 
(c) on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, 
a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.

--- Page 16 ---
586291846 
16 
 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
(Floating Rate Notes only): 
Other than for Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference 
Rate is specified as “SOFR” in the applicable Final Terms, if a 
Benchmark Event occurs, such that any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the relevant Original Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer may (subject to certain conditions) be permitted to 
substitute such Original Reference Rate with a successor, 
replacement or alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with 
consequent amendment to the terms of the relevant Series of 
Notes and the application of an adjustment spread (which 
could be positive, negative or zero)). 
 
In respect of Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate 
is specified as “SOFR” in the applicable Final Terms, if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-
current Benchmark, then the Benchmark Replacement will 
replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to 
the Floating Rate Notes and the Issuer will have the right 
(subject 
to 
certain 
conditions) 
to 
make 
Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time.
 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes which are Index Linked 
Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments. 
 
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index 
Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to such 
index and/or formula or to changes in the prices of securities 
or commodities or to such other factors as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of 
principal or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in 
respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such 
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree. 
 
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of 
which the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree. 
 
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue 
Notes which may be redeemed in separate instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer may agree.

--- Page 17 ---
586291846 
17 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantors may agree with any Dealer and 
the Trustee that Exempt Notes may be issued in a form not 
contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in 
which event the relevant provisions will be included in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
 
Redemption: 
Notes other than Exempt Notes will be redeemed on their 
stated maturity at 100 per cent. of their nominal amount. 
 
Exempt Notes will be redeemed on their stated maturity at the 
amount specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than in the case of Exempt Notes in specified instalments, if 
applicable, or for taxation reasons or following an Event of 
Default) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of 
the Issuer (if “Issuer Call” or “Clean-up Call”, as applicable, is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) and/or the Noteholders 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer or upon the 
occurrence of certain change of control events relating to GEP 
or the Management Company on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject 
to restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see 
“Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one 
year” above. 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions - 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year” above, and save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note will be not less 
than €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account

--- Page 18 ---
586291846 
18 
 
of taxes imposed or levied by or on any Tax Jurisdiction unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law, as provided 
in Condition 8. In the event that any such withholding or 
deduction is made, the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
relevant Guarantor will, save in certain limited circumstances 
provided in Condition 8, be required to pay additional amounts 
to cover the amounts so withheld or deducted. 
 
Financial Covenants: 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer 
and the Guarantors will be subject to certain financial 
covenants, as further described in Condition 4. 
 
Cross Acceleration: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross acceleration 
provision as further described in Condition 10. 
 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari 
passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other 
unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if 
any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
 
Notes Guarantee: 
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
on a joint and several basis by each of the Guarantors (the 
“Notes Guarantee”). The obligations of each Guarantor under 
the 
Notes 
Guarantee 
will 
be 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of such Guarantor 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
law) will rank equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of such Guarantor, from 
time to time outstanding. 
 
Ratings: 
The Programme is rated Baa1 by Moody’s Deutschland and 
BBB+ by S&P. Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and 
will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the 
Programme 
and/or 
GEP. A 
credit 
rating 
is 
not 
a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
 
According to the rating scale of Moody’s, obligations rated 
“Baa” are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate 
credit risk and as such may possess certain speculative 
characteristics. The modifier “1” indicates that the obligation 
ranks in the higher end of its rating category.  
See: https://ratings.moodys.com/rating-definitions

--- Page 19 ---
586291846 
19 
 
According to the rating scale of S&P, obligations rated “BBB” 
exhibit adequate protection parameters. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more 
likely to weaken the obligor’s capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligations. The modifier “+” indicates 
relative standing within the rating category.  
See: 
https://www.standardandpoors.com/en_US/web/guest/article/-
/view/sourceId/504352.    
 
Approval, Admission to 
Trading and Listing: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application has also been 
made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may 
be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the 
Series. Exempt Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, English law. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Notes in the United States, the EEA (including the Netherlands 
and Belgium), the UK, Switzerland, Singapore and Japan and 
such other restrictions as may be required in connection with 
the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 20 ---
586291846 
20 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer and the Guarantors believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil 
their respective obligations in respect of Notes issued under the Programme.  
The Issuer and the Guarantors believe that the factors described below represent the principal 
risks inherent in investing in Notes issued under the Programme. In purchasing Notes, investors 
assume the risk that the Issuer and/or one or more Guarantors may become insolvent or 
otherwise be unable to make some or all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide 
range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and/or the Guarantors 
becoming unable to make some or all payments due in respect of the Notes. It is not possible 
to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer 
and the Guarantors may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they 
currently deem not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events 
outside the Issuer’s and the Guarantors’ control. The Issuer and the Guarantors have identified 
in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect their 
businesses and ability to make payments due under the Notes. In addition, factors which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
References in this Risk Factors section to the “Group” are to the “Group” as defined in Condition 
4. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY OR A GUARANTOR’S ABILITY TO 
FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME OR 
UNDER THE NOTES GUARANTEE, AS APPLICABLE 
Risks relating to the markets in which the Group operates generally 
GEP could be adversely affected by economic conditions, fluctuations in both the value 
and the rental income of the Portfolio and other factors 
The results of the operations of the Group may be materially adversely affected by a number 
of factors including: 
 
a fall in rental income generated from the property and an increase in expenses incurred 
in the operations; 
 
the conditions in the national and local economy, such as growth in gross domestic 
product, employment trends and the level of inflation and interest rates; 
 
local real estate conditions, such as the level of demand for, and supply of, industrial 
property and business space; 
 
the availability and terms of financing; 
 
the perception of prospective customers of the attractiveness, convenience and 
environmental performance of the relevant property;

--- Page 21 ---
586291846 
21 
 
 
the financial condition of customers; 
 
high vacancy rates; 
 
potential environmental or other legal liabilities; 
 
unforeseen capital expenditures; 
 
rising operational costs; 
 
external factors, including, but not limited to, (i) major world events, such as war, 
pandemic or terrorist attacks, (ii) a deteriorating macro-economic climate resulting from 
trade tensions between major economies and (iii) natural disasters, such as floods and 
earthquakes; and  
 
changes in laws and governmental regulations, including tenancy, zoning, planning, 
building, environmental or tax laws. 
In particular, in recent years the core markets in which the Group operates have experienced 
inflation significantly above the European Central Bank’s 2% target rate, increases in market 
interest rates and falling asset values in many financial markets. Whilst the Group’s use of index 
linked leases provides some protection against the impact of inflation, the wider implications of 
high inflation, rising interest rates and a deteriorating economic environment could negatively 
impact both the Group’s operating performance and the value of the Group’s property 
investments in the short to medium term. 
An adverse change in any of the factors listed above could have a material adverse effect on 
the results of the operations of the Group and in turn the ability of the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the terms of the Notes or the Notes 
Guarantee, as applicable. 
The Group has exposure to risks in relation to the EU and the Eurozone 
The Group’s operations and the Portfolio are located exclusively in continental Europe. 
Concerns about credit risk (including that of sovereigns and financial institutions) in many 
European countries continue to exist.  
These factors may, either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s ability to make investments and perform its operations, including but not limited to: the 
availability of credit to acquire or dispose of properties; uncertainty and disruption in relation to 
financing and customer and supply contracts denominated in euro; wider economic disruption 
in markets in which the Group operates; and austerity and other measures introduced to limit or 
contain these issues themselves leading to economic contraction and resulting in adverse 
effects for the Group and its investments. GEP is denominated in euro, as are most of the 
Group’s investments, and legal uncertainty about the satisfaction of obligations to fund 
commitments in euro following any break-up of or exits from the EU or the Eurozone (particularly 
in the case of investors or investments domiciled in affected countries) could also have a 
material adverse effect on GEP and the rest of the Group, and consequently the Issuer’s and/or 
the Guarantors’ ability to service their respective obligations under the Notes or the Notes 
Guarantee, as applicable.

--- Page 22 ---
586291846 
22 
 
A decline in the logistics sector as a whole may adversely affect the Group’s business. 
The Group’s investments are concentrated in the logistics sector. Any economic downturn in the 
logistics sector or any of the main occupiers’ sub-sectors (which include automotive, light 
industrial, retail and e-commerce logistics and others) of it may adversely affect the operations 
and financial performance of the Group and this may have a material adverse effect on the 
ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the terms 
of the Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
The European real estate market and the Group’s business is exposed to risks 
associated with public health problems 
Several countries and territories have suffered from outbreaks of health epidemics, pandemics 
and widespread transmission of communicable diseases such as Severe Acute Respiratory 
Syndrome, Middle East Respiratory Syndrome, swine influenza, avian influenza and, most 
recently, coronavirus Covid-19, all of which have had a significant adverse impact on the 
economies of many of the countries and territories affected. Any prolonged restrictive measures 
instituted in order to prevent or control a pandemic or other public health crisis may have a 
material and adverse effect on the Group’s business and, in turn, the Issuer’s and the 
Guarantors’ ability to fulfil their payment obligations under the Notes. 
Moreover, global pandemics and other public health crises may result in (i) a slowdown or 
downturn in the European property markets, including, among other things, a reduction in 
occupancy rates and a downward pressure on rental prices; (ii) a reduction in the availability of 
credit; and (iii) increased costs related to property management services or an inability to 
adequately perform or obtain such services which may, individually and in conjunction with any 
precautionary measures, materially and adversely affect the Group’s ability to pursue the 
Investment Strategy, and achieve the Investment Objectives. 
Risks relating to the Group’s business 
The Issuer is a finance vehicle 
The Issuer was created as a special purpose vehicle to raise debt on behalf of the Group. Its 
primary business activity is the issue of Notes, the lending of the proceeds of any Note issue(s) 
to the Group, the receipt of loan repayments from members of the Group, the servicing of its 
obligations under the Notes and certain activities ancillary thereto. The Issuer’s only material 
assets are its right to receive repayment of the loan(s) by which it has lent the proceeds of the 
Note issue(s) to other members of the Group. The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations 
under the Notes and to pay its other expenses is therefore dependent on its receipt of 
repayments from other members of the Group and/or the performance by the Guarantors of 
their respective obligations under the Notes Guarantee. Other than the foregoing, the Issuer 
does not have any significant funds available to it to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Real estate investments are not as liquid as some other types of assets, which may affect 
the Group’s ability to react promptly to certain changes 
Real estate investments are not as liquid as some other types of investment and this lack of 
liquidity may limit the Group’s ability to react promptly to changes in economic or other 
conditions. For example, the Group may not be able to sell properties at prices that reflect their

--- Page 23 ---
586291846 
23 
 
current balance sheet value or at all in the event of a downturn in the market. In addition, 
significant expenditures associated with real estate investments, such as mortgage payments, 
real estate taxes and maintenance costs, are relatively fixed, despite circumstances causing a 
reduction in income from such investments. Certain costs are also incurred in the sale of real 
estate properties, which can significantly reduce the proceeds received by the Group from any 
such sales of properties. 
The Group is subject to leverage restrictions under the Management Regulations (see “Selected 
Financial Information”) and in respect of financing arrangements (including the Programme). If 
the Group is required to sell assets to repay debt to comply with these leverage restrictions, the 
lack of liquidity of property investments may have a material adverse effect on its ability to do 
so or its ability to achieve market prices in such a sale, which may have a material adverse 
effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service their respective obligations 
under the terms of the Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. The Group may also be 
required to investigate alternative methods to manage leverage. There can be no assurance 
that such alternatives will be available to the Group. Taking any of these measures may have a 
material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service their 
respective obligations under the terms of the Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
Maintenance and redevelopment costs could negatively affect the results of the 
operations of the Group 
The Group’s maintenance, refurbishment and redevelopment costs could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations and the ability of the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the terms of the Notes or the Notes 
Guarantee, as applicable. If the Group does not carry out maintenance, refurbishment and 
redevelopment, its properties may become less attractive to customers and rental income and 
/ or yields may fall. Additionally, the Group may need to expend additional funds to keep its 
ageing properties (if any) in adequate repair. 
The Group’s consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated statement of 
comprehensive income may be significantly affected by fluctuations in the fair market 
value of the Group’s properties as a result of revaluations 
The Group’s properties are independently revalued periodically, and any increase or decrease 
in the value of its properties is recorded in GEP’s consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income in the period during which the revaluation occurs. As a result, the Group can have 
significant non-cash gains and losses from period to period, depending on the change in fair 
market value of its properties, whether or not such properties are sold. Any such fluctuations 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. 
Furthermore, in periods of economic volatility and/or low market liquidity, it can become more 
difficult for independent valuers to prepare an assessment of the fair market value of properties 
and this can in turn create uncertainty regarding how the Group’s properties are valued which 
might adversely affect the Group’s financial position and have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s and/or the Guarantor’s ability to service their respective obligations under the Notes or 
the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
A valuation is an estimate of the fair value of the property and valuers rely on a variety of 
assumptions when appraising properties. Valuations do not therefore necessarily represent the 
price at which the property could be sold in the open market, which could adversely affect the

--- Page 24 ---
586291846 
24 
 
value of the Portfolio and therefore have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer to 
service its obligations under the terms of the Notes. 
Annualised incomes or figures may not reflect actual results 
Any annualised figure provided in this Base Prospectus is for illustration only and may not reflect 
actual results, which could differ significantly. 
The Group faces significant competition in each of its markets 
The Group has a number of competitors in Europe. Its competitors include local companies 
owning logistics properties and other companies that own, or seek to own, logistics properties 
across a number of countries in Europe. Competitors may own or operate logistics properties 
that are more conveniently located, have more suitable space, or are otherwise more attractive 
to potential customers. Some of these competitors also have significant resources. Competition 
may result in a reduction of rental income or the Group incurring increased costs to refurbish or 
build logistics properties that are more attractive to current or potential customers. Competition 
may increase as companies seek to attract or retain customers. The impact of competition may 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, results of operations and the 
ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the terms 
of the Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
Loss of the right of first refusal over Goodman’s development pipeline 
A key component to the Group’s Investment Strategy is the right of first refusal over Goodman’s 
continental European development pipeline. The right of first refusal is contained in the 
Relationship Deed (as defined, and as further described, in “Service Agreements – Relationship 
Deed”) and, to the extent that agreement is terminated (for example, as a result of the removal 
of the Management Company as the management company of GEP), then the right of first 
refusal will no longer be made available to GEP. Such an event may affect the Group’s ability to 
source favourable investment opportunities and may have a material adverse effect on the 
ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the terms 
of the Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
Nature as a fund and removal of the Management Company  
GEP is an externally managed investment fund, domiciled and regulated in Luxembourg and 
reserved for Well Informed Investors (as defined in “Selected Definitions”). The structure, 
governance and management of GEP are regulated under a number of agreements, including 
the Management Regulations, Investment Advisory Agreement, Property Services Agreement 
and Relationship Deed. There can be no guarantee that the terms of these agreements will not 
change in the future, which could have a material impact upon the profitability of GEP. 
Under the Management Regulations, Unitholders can remove the Management Company as 
the management company of GEP in certain circumstances (for example, where a court of first 
instance has declared the Investment Advisor bankrupt or insolvent or following a change of 
control of Goodman or the Management Company). In such circumstances, the removal of the 
Management Company as the management company of GEP will allow Goodman to terminate 
the Relationship Deed and the other service contracts it has with GEP, such as the Investment 
Advisory Agreement and the Property Services Agreement. GEP depends on the efforts and

--- Page 25 ---
586291846 
25 
 
abilities of a number of officers and employees of (or otherwise provided by) the Management 
Company and its other service providers. Any of these persons could be replaced or moved to 
another position within Goodman, or could leave Goodman, without the consent of GEP. The 
loss of such contracts or the loss of key personnel, or any change in their roles or the limitation 
of their availability, may negatively affect the management of GEP, the Group and/or the Portfolio 
and this may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to 
service their respective obligations under the terms of the Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as 
applicable.  
Under the Management Regulations the Management Company is obliged to undertake periodic 
reviews to identify which if any Unitholders may wish to exit their investments in GEP. To the 
extent that one or more Unitholders seek to exit their investment in GEP the Management 
Company may choose to facilitate the Unitholder request via a redemption of the Units. Should 
Units be redeemed, the financing of the redemption via sales of investment properties or other 
means may have an adverse impact upon the financial profile of GEP. 
Development risk 
The Group may undertake property development activities. Risks associated with such 
developments may include: 
 
the Group’s development projects may be subject to the hazards and risks normally 
associated with the construction and development of commercial real estate, any of which 
could result in increased costs and/or damage to persons or property; 
 
planning permissions for developments may be delayed or refused or granted on onerous 
terms, which would result in a development not proceeding as intended and potentially 
increased costs;  
 
a failure to fund proposed developments;  
 
failure to fully let the property; 
 
a development project may be delayed or unsuccessful, with the investment cost 
exceeding the value of the project on completion; and 
 
a failure of the asset to generate income in the above circumstances. 
The occurrence of one or more of the events described above could adversely affect the Group’s 
financial condition, results of operations, future prospects, cash flow and the ability of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the terms of the Notes or the 
Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
Acquisition risk 
The acquisition of properties involves risks, including the risk that the acquired property will not 
perform as anticipated and the risk that any actual costs for rehabilitation, repositioning, 
renovation and improvements identified in the pre-acquisition due diligence process will exceed 
estimates. While GEP’s policy is to undertake appropriate due diligence to assess these risks, 
unexpected problems and latent liabilities or contingencies such as the existence of hazardous 
substances, for example asbestos or other environmental liabilities, may still emerge. Further,

--- Page 26 ---
586291846 
26 
 
the Group may end up bearing due diligence costs and pay a deposit without the transaction 
reaching completion, and thus there is an associated cost with pursuing such opportunities. 
Should any such risks materialise, the revenues and results of operations of the Group could 
be adversely affected and this may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the terms of the Notes or the 
Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
Disposal risk 
The Group may decide to dispose of one or more properties (make a “Disposal”). A Disposal 
may expose the Group to risks relating to both the Disposal itself and the financial position of 
the Group following the Disposal. The Group’s ability to make a Disposal on favourable terms 
or for a favourable price is affected by market conditions beyond the Group’s control. As such, 
proceeds from the Disposal may differ from the book value of the property as reflected in the 
Group’s financial statements. This may have an adverse impact upon the profitability and credit 
worthiness of the Group. The process of selling a property may cause the Group to incur costs 
which will affect the net proceeds of a sale, and may also apply in the event that the Disposal is 
not completed. The Group may have to make certain representations and warranties in respect 
of a sold property, which could result in a future financial liability for the Group. A Disposal will 
affect the characteristics of the Group’s remaining investment portfolio; in respect of a significant 
number of Disposals this impact could be material. 
The Group could also find itself unable to make a Disposal due to lack of demand. If the Group 
is unable to generate proceeds through Disposals, or if there is a material delay in effecting 
Disposals, this may adversely impact the liquidity and cash flow of the Group and therefore its 
ability to service its obligations under the terms of the Notes. 
Leverage and refinancing risk 
As of 31 March 2024, the Group had €1,157.5 million of drawn debt and, in accordance with the 
Management Regulations and Investment Guidelines, intends to continue to use debt 
strategically as a means of optimising returns on its investments. Additional borrowing may be 
required to make further investments in new or existing assets and/or to refinance outstanding 
debt. As a result, the Group will be exposed to refinancing risks, including the risks that available 
funds will be insufficient to meet required payments and the risk that existing indebtedness will 
not be refinanced or additional debt obtained or that the terms of such refinancing or additional 
debt will not be as favourable as the terms of existing indebtedness. There are no assurances 
that the Group will be able to refinance any loan amount on maturity for a variety of reasons, 
some of which are out of its control, including general economic, political and capital market 
conditions, credit availability and the performance, reputation and financial strength of the 
Group’s business. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the Group will be able to meet its 
loan obligations (including principal and interest payments) due to the illiquid nature of 
underlying property assets. Group indebtedness is typically subject to financial and other 
covenants; such covenants may limit flexibility in the Group’s operation and failure to meet such 
covenants could have a material adverse effect upon the Group including in respect of its ability 
to make payments under the Programme. 
The Group’s return on investments and its cash flow may be reduced to the extent that changes 
in market conditions cause the cost of its borrowings to increase relative to the value of the

--- Page 27 ---
586291846 
27 
 
income that can be derived from the Portfolio, or if its financing or refinancing costs exceed the 
income received by the Group from the investments funded with the relevant debt. The ability 
of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the terms of the 
Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable, may therefore be materially adversely affected. 
Reliance on lease payments and exposure to key customers 
The Portfolio is let to a range of occupiers in various economic sectors. However, given the 
nature of the Logistics market, and the continued trend of consolidation among Logistics 
operators, there are a number of very large participants who have significant requirements for 
Logistics space in Europe. This means that the Group has an element of customer concentration 
risk in its Portfolio. As at 31 March 2024, 57.7 per cent. of Portfolio income was derived from the 
Group’s ten largest customers, with 23.3 per cent. deriving from the Group’s largest customer 
Amazon. As of 31 March 2024, the Group owns 22 stabilised properties which are fully or 
partially leased to Amazon. These properties are in 4 countries and 14 different cities or local 
markets, they include a range of building types and have varying remaining lease terms to break. 
In the event that a significant customer was to suffer damage to its own business such as 
insolvency or any other material effect which had the impact that it ceased to be able to continue 
to pay its rent, the Group may have a material credit exposure. 
The Group seeks to mitigate this risk, to the extent possible, by investigating the occupier credit 
strength at lease commencement, seeking parent or bank guarantees where appropriate, and 
working to manage the level of customer concentration. The financial situation of the Group’s 
customers is also reviewed regularly to monitor this risk. Nevertheless, the Group may be 
adversely affected if a significant number of its customers or a major customer is unable to meet 
their, or its, lease obligations. At any time, a customer may experience a downturn in its business 
that may weaken its financial condition. As a result, customers may fail to make rental payments 
when due or require a restructure of their lease terms, or may declare bankruptcy or enter into 
liquidation, any of which may reduce cash flow from their lease. In the event of a default by a 
significant number of the Group’s customers or a default by any of its major customers on all or 
a significant portion of their leases, the Group may suffer decreased rents and incur substantial 
costs in enforcing its rights as a landlord, which may adversely affect its results of operations 
and have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service 
their respective obligations under the terms of the Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
The Group’s business depends on its ability to renew leases or lease available space 
The Group’s business and results of operations depends on its ability to lease, on economically 
favourable terms, the assets comprising the Portfolio. The number of Logistics properties 
available in a market or sub-market could adversely affect both the Group’s ability to lease 
available space and the rental rates that could be obtained in new leases. Upon the expiration 
of leases relating to properties within the Portfolio, existing customers may elect not to, or be 
prevented from, renewing the leases and it is possible that the relevant property may not be re- 
leased to new customers or that the terms of renewal or re-leasing (including the cost of required 
renovations or concessions to customers) may be less favourable to the Group than current 
lease terms. Should the Group be unable to lease a property following the completion of the 
property or following the expiration of a lease, or only be able to lease it on less favourable 
terms, this may have a material adverse effect on the results of operations of the Group and on 
the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the 
terms of the Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. Significant expenses associated with

--- Page 28 ---
586291846 
28 
 
real estate investments, such as mortgage payments, taxes, and maintenance costs, are not 
generally reduced in the event of a reduction or interruption of rental income from such 
investments. 
The Group’s insurance does not cover all potential losses and may cease to be affordable 
or available 
To the extent available from a reputable insurer, and in line with market and industry practice, 
the Group aims to maintain insurance to cover its interests in the Portfolio: 
 
against all normally insurable risks of property damage; 
 
for loss of rent arising due to property damage caused by normally insurable risks for a 
period of up to two years; and 
 
against acts of sabotage and terrorism, including any third party liability arising from such 
acts. 
The Group currently also maintains public liability insurance over the properties in the Portfolio. 
Any such insurance is arranged on terms and conditions that are consistent with market 
practice, following consultation with insurance brokers engaged in European real estate, and is 
renewed annually. It may be or become either impossible or uneconomical to insure the 
Portfolio, particularly regarding coverage for certain types of risk (such as war, nuclear events, 
terrorism, civil disturbances, earthquake, flood, environmental matters and resulting loss of rent) 
in some or all territories in which the Group holds investments. In addition, in the event that the 
Group does not pay the insurance premiums when due or takes, or fails to take, any action 
which voids the insurance policies, the Group might not have the benefit of the applicable 
insurance policies. In the event of an uninsured loss, or a loss in excess of insured limits, the 
Group may lose both its capital invested in, and the return expected from, the investments 
concerned, while remaining liable with respect to indebtedness and other obligations incurred 
in connection with such investments. If any such event were to occur, the ability of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the Notes or the Notes 
Guarantee, as applicable, may be materially adversely affected. 
Climate change 
Concern has been expressed among members of the scientific community, lawmakers and the 
general public that an increase in global temperatures have or will result in significant changes 
in weather patterns and increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters or climate 
stress events (i.e. climate change). Climate change creates potential physical and financial risk. 
To the extent that climate change does occur, countries where the Group invests may 
experience an increase in sea level, changes in weather conditions and/or the occurrence of 
one or more extreme weather events or natural disasters, all of which may result in physical 
damage to, or a decrease in demand for real estate in these areas or affected by these 
conditions. Climate change-driven events could result in, among other things (i) increases in 
fuel (or other energy) prices or a fuel shortage, and (ii) a rise in the cost of insurance if such 
events result in substantial loss of property or other insurable damage. Should the impact of 
climate change be material in nature or occur for lengthy periods of time, the financial condition 
of the Group and/or the results of the Group’s operations may be materially adversely affected.

--- Page 29 ---
586291846 
29 
 
In addition, changes in EU and national legislation and regulation concerning climate change 
could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency and other aspects 
of the real estate investments in which the Group invests. Among other things, “green” building 
codes may seek to reduce emissions through the imposition of standards for design, 
construction materials, water and energy usage and efficiency and waste management. The 
imposition of such requirements in the future could increase the costs of maintaining or 
improving the real estate in which the Group invests, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s financial condition and results of operations and on the Issuer’s and/or the 
Guarantors’ ability to fulfil their obligations under the Notes. 
Environmental risk 
Various laws may require current or previous owners or occupiers of property to investigate 
and/or clean up hazardous or toxic substances. Owners or occupiers may also be obliged to 
pay for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred by others in 
connection with such substances. Such laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability 
having regard to whether such owners or occupiers knew of, or caused, the presence or escape 
of the substances. Even if more than one person may have been responsible or liable for the 
contamination, each person caught by the relevant environmental laws may be held responsible 
for all of the clean-up costs incurred. 
In addition, third parties may bring legal proceedings against a property’s current or previous 
owner, occupier or other party in control of such property for damages and costs resulting from 
substances emanating from that property. These damages and costs may be substantial. The 
presence of substances on a property could also result in personal injury or similar claims by 
private claimants. 
If any member of the Group was found to be liable for any such claims or removal or remediation 
costs or damages, the Group’s results of operations and cash flow, and therefore the ability of 
the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the Notes or the 
Notes Guarantee, as applicable, could be adversely affected. 
Neither the Issuer nor any of the Guarantors is currently aware of any environmental liability that 
it believes would have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of 
operations. However, the Issuer and the Guarantors cannot give any assurance that such 
conditions do not exist or may not arise in the future. The presence of such hazardous 
substances or other conditions in the Portfolio could adversely affect the Group’s ability to sell 
its real estate investments or to borrow using such investments as collateral, and clean-up or 
regulatory costs may also have a material adverse effect on the Group’s cash flow and therefore 
the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the 
Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
Moreover, the Group is subject to the risk that environmental laws and regulations may become 
more onerous over time, which could in turn create additional costs and limit the Group’s future 
activities. 
Exposure to service providers 
The Group uses service providers in connection with its business and the Portfolio. Although 
GEP carefully selects the service providers to the Group (including Goodman as the Property

--- Page 30 ---
586291846 
30 
 
Manager and Investment Advisor), it cannot be excluded that the institutions, including 
brokerage firms, banks and property services providers, with which the Group does business, 
or to which assets have been entrusted for custodial purposes, will encounter financial 
difficulties that may impair their operational capabilities. Any adverse effect on the financial 
situation or operational capabilities of a service provider may cause substantial financial losses 
to the Group, including, but not limited to, the costs of terminating the relevant arrangement and 
replacing such service provider, and this may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the 
Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the terms of the Notes 
or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
Multi-jurisdictional investment 
The Group’s primary objective is to invest in property located in different jurisdictions across 
continental Europe. While such geographic diversification creates greater opportunities for 
investment and may dilute individual market risk, each of these jurisdictions has a distinct 
economic, political, social, cultural, business, industrial and labour environment and specific 
sets of laws, regulations and accounting practices. Real estate law and practice may vary 
considerably from one jurisdiction to another, and in particular there are considerable differences 
in practice between civil law and common law countries. As a result, no single method of 
investing in property and managing property investments can be applied uniformly, or be 
expected to produce uniform results, across all jurisdictions concerned. 
Noteholders could be effectively subordinated to creditors of the Group’s non-Guarantor 
subsidiaries 
The Issuer and the Guarantor’s ability to make payments under the Notes and the Notes 
Guarantee, as applicable, will depend, at least in part, upon their receipt of repayments, 
dividends, distributions, interest payments and/or advances from members of the Group which 
are not Guarantors (the “non-Guarantor Group”). The ability of such non-Guarantor Group 
members to pay dividends and other amounts to the Issuer and/or the Guarantors may be 
subject to their profitability and to applicable law or restrictions on the payment of dividends and 
other amounts contained in relevant financing or other agreements to which those subsidiaries 
are party. Claims of creditors of such companies will have priority as to the assets of such 
companies over the Issuer, the Guarantor and their creditors, including Noteholders. 
Consequently, payments under the Notes and the Notes Guarantee are effectively structurally 
subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations of each member of the non-
Guarantor Group. However, the obligations of the Issuer and the Guarantors to make payments 
under the Notes and the Notes Guarantee, as applicable, rank pari passu with their obligations 
to make repayments under any unsecured interest rate swaps to the extent such are 
outstanding. As of 31 March 2024, the non-Guarantor Group members had a €7.5 million crédit 
bail maturing in 2027 in relation to one property in France. 
The Group may face competition from Goodman or its Affiliates 
Goodman and other funds managed by Goodman may have investment objectives and policies 
comparable with those of the Group and may be in competition with the Group. The Group has 
Management Regulations, related party policies and conflicts of interest policies in place that 
seek to identify and manage conflicts of interest between Goodman, its affiliates (including the 
Management Company) and the Group. However, there can be no assurance that conflicts of 
interest may not arise and any such conflicts or competition could have an adverse effect on

--- Page 31 ---
586291846 
31 
 
revenues of the Group, and this could have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the terms of the Notes or the 
Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
Stand-alone financial statements for each Guarantor have not been included in this Base 
Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus does not include or incorporate by reference the stand-alone historical 
financial statements of any Guarantor other than GEP. It does, however, incorporate the audited 
consolidated financial statements of GEP as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2023. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, all Notes issued under 
the Programme have been issued on an equivalent basis, i.e. the Issuer’s stand-alone financial 
statements and GEP’s consolidated financial statements (which fully consolidate financial 
information relating to GEH and GIS) for the relevant periods. Stand-alone financial statements 
for each Guarantor have not been included in this Base Prospectus because substantially all of 
GEP’s investments and sources of income are owned by companies which are subsidiaries of 
all three Guarantors (GEP, GEH and GIS). Consequently, key financials measures such as Net 
Property Income and Investments In Property would on a consolidated basis be expected to be 
very similar for each of the Guarantors. The differences in the consolidated financial position of 
the three guarantors results primarily from: (i) the ownership of Celogix nv (“Celogix”); and (i) 
the allocation and reporting of performance fees, which are primarily the obligation of GEP and 
are reflected in the consolidated accounts of GEP as an expense in the year in which they 
accrue but are not applicable to GEH and GIS. 
With respect to Celogix, approximately 3% of GEPs investments as measured by asset value 
or income are under the ownership of Celogix. As Celogix is not a subsidiary of GIS, the reported 
income and balance sheet value for GIS is lower than for GEP or GEH. GEP has not made any 
new investments under the Celogix structure for over 10 years and does not intend to do so in 
the future. As such the current 3% discrepancy is ultimately expected to decline to zero.  GELF 
Emerald (Lux) S.à r.l. (“Emerald”), which is also not a subsidiary of GIS, holds no investment 
properties or sources of income and is not intended to do so in the future. Celogix and Emerald 
were previously guarantors for the Programme and 2015 RCF and were removed from both on 
the basis that they are not and will not be material to the overall credit profile of GEP. 
On that basis, separate historical financial statements for each other Guarantor have not been 
included in this Base Prospectus. 
Legal, regulatory and taxation risk 
Legal risk 
The Group must comply with legal requirements, including requirements imposed by securities 
laws and company laws, including but not limited to the AIFM Directive, planning regulations, 
construction and operating permits and licences, laws relating to international sanctions, health 
and safety regulations, environmental regulations, lease laws, labour regulations and corporate 
and tax laws, in various jurisdictions. 
Changes in law, the regulatory framework and/or the loss of benefits associated with a status or 
an authorisation could require that the Group adapt its business activities, its assets or its 
strategy (including geographical presence), possibly leading to a material significant impact in

--- Page 32 ---
586291846 
32 
 
the value of the Portfolio and/or its results, an increase in its expenses and/or a slowing or even 
halting of the development of certain investment or letting activities, and this may have a material 
adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service their respective 
obligations under the terms of the Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
Litigation risk 
In the normal course of its operations, the Group could from time to time be involved in legal 
and other disputes (including disputes with customers and suppliers, buyers and sellers of real 
properties disposed of or acquired by GEP, government audits and proceedings and tax audits 
and proceedings). When threatened with actual or potential litigation, the Group may have to 
incur significant costs which, even in the case of positive outcomes, may be borne by the Group. 
In addition to substantial expenditures for legal fees and other related costs, the defence of legal 
proceedings requires time and attention that would otherwise be sent on other aspects of the 
business. The adverse resolution of disputes, whether by judgment or settlement, could cause 
GEP to have to pay damages or other monetary penalties or modify its operations. This may 
also lead to adverse publicity for the Group. Any dispute or adverse publicity may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, reputation, financial condition, earnings, 
operating results and/or the value of its assets, which in turn may adversely affect the Issuer’s 
and/or the Guarantors’ ability to service their respective obligations under the Notes or the Notes 
Guarantee, as applicable. 
Taxation risk 
Maintaining a tax-efficient structure is an important factor affecting operating results. GEP holds 
the Portfolio through a number of subsidiaries and other investment vehicles and endeavours 
to operate in a tax-efficient manner. However, tax charges and withholding taxes in various 
jurisdictions in which GEP may invest, as well as in Luxembourg1 , may affect the level of 
intercompany loan payments, distributions or other payments made to it. Changes in tax 
treaties, laws, regulations or interpretations by tax authorities could increase tax liabilities and/or 
require changes in GEP’s structure, which could negatively affect the ability of the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the terms of the Notes or the Notes 
Guarantee, as applicable. No assurance can be given as to the level of taxation which may be 
incurred by the Issuer or the Guarantors. 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development’s BEPS action points 
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) together with the 
G20 countries have committed to address abusive global tax avoidance, referred to as base 
erosion and profit shifting (“BEPS”) through 15 actions detailed in reports released on 5 October 
2015 and through the Inclusive Framework on a global consensus solution to reform the 
international corporate tax system via a two-pillar plan agreed in 2021 (BEPS 2.0).  
 
1 In particular, the transposition of the Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules against tax 
avoidance practices that directly affect the functioning of the internal market into the Luxembourg domestic tax law 
with effect from 1 January 2019 and transposition of the Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 2017 amending 
Directive (EU) 2016/1164 as regards hybrid mismatches with third countries with effect from 1 January 2020 might 
impact adversely the tax position of the Issuer and/or other entities in GEP’s structure depending on the facts and 
circumstances.

--- Page 33 ---
586291846 
33 
 
As part of the BEPS project, new rules dealing inter alia with the limitation of interest deductibility, 
double tax treaties abuse, the definition of permanent establishments, controlled foreign 
companies and hybrid mismatch arrangements, are being introduced into respective domestic 
law of BEPS member states via EU directives and a multilateral instrument.  
The European Council has adopted two Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives (being, Council Directive 
(EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules against tax avoidance practices that directly 
affect the functioning of the internal market (“ATAD I”) and Directive 2017/952/EU of 29 May 
2017 amending ATAD I as regards hybrid mismatches with third countries (“ATAD II”) that 
address many of the above-mentioned issues. The measures included in ATAD I were 
implemented into Luxembourg law on 21 December 2018 and almost all of them are applicable 
since 1 January 2019. The measures included in ATAD II were implemented into Luxembourg 
law on 23 December 2019 and almost all of them are applicable since 1 January 2020 (with 
certain provisions concerning reverse hybrid mismatch arrangements coming into effect as of 1 
January 2022). ATAD I and ATAD II may impact the level of taxation of the Group, the Issuer or 
the Guarantors. 
At international level, the “Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to 
prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting” (“MLI”) was published by the OECD on 24 November 
2016. The aim of the MLI is to update international tax rules and lessen the opportunity for tax 
avoidance by transposing the results from the BEPS project into more than 2,000 double tax 
treaties worldwide. A number of jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) have signed the MLI and 
deposited instruments of ratification with the OECD. Luxembourg ratified the MLI through the 
law dated 7 March 2019 and deposited its instrument of ratification with the OECD on 9 April 
2019. Its application per double tax treaty concluded with Luxembourg will depend on the 
ratification by the other contracting states and on the type of tax concerned. Subsequent 
changes in tax treaties negotiated by Luxembourg may have a material impact on the level of 
taxation of the Group, the Issuer or the Guarantors.  
With respect to the two-pillar plan, the Luxembourg bill of law no. 8292 has been adopted on 20 
December 2023 (the “Pillar 2 Law”) implementing Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 14 
December 2022 on ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational enterprise 
groups and large-scale domestic groups in the European Union. Most of the measures of the 
Pillar 2 Law are applicable as from tax years starting on or after 31 December 2023 and may 
affect the tax position of multinational or large scale-domestic enterprise groups that fall under 
its scope. The abovementioned rules may adversely affect the tax burden of the Group, the 
Issuer or the Guarantors. 
The Group may be jointly held liable to French 3 per cent. Tax 
According to article 990D et seq. of the French Tax Code, legal entities, organisations, trusts or 
similar institutions which directly or indirectly own real estate assets or certain rights over real 
estate assets located in France are liable for an annual tax equal to 3 per cent. of the market 
value of French real estate or rights over such real estate that they own (“French 3 per cent. 
Tax”). GEP is not listed on a recognised stock exchange and will therefore not qualify for the 
listing exemption (Article 990E 2° b of the French Tax Code). 
Accordingly, any Unitholder will not automatically be exempt from French 3 per cent. Tax in 
respect of its interest in GEP, although other exemptions may apply to that Unitholder.

--- Page 34 ---
586291846 
34 
 
If a Unitholder should fail to qualify for one of the other exemptions from the French 3 per cent. 
Tax, or should otherwise fail to fulfil its obligations in respect of filings and payment of the French 
3 per cent. Tax, this would potentially generate a tax liability for GEP or any of its subsidiaries in 
the ownership chain of the French real estate, which could adversely affect the Issuer’s and/or 
the Guarantors’ ability to service their respective obligations under the Notes or the Notes 
Guarantee, as applicable. 
The insolvency laws of Luxembourg may not be as favourable to prospective investors 
as insolvency laws of jurisdictions with which such investors may be familiar and may 
preclude holders of the Notes from recovering payments due on the Notes 
Each of the Issuer and (as at the date of this Base Prospectus) the Guarantors is incorporated 
and has its centre of main interests in Luxembourg. Accordingly, insolvency proceedings with 
respect to the Issuer and the Guarantors may proceed under, and be governed by, Luxembourg 
insolvency laws. The insolvency laws of Luxembourg may not be as favourable to investors’ 
interests as those of other jurisdictions with which investors may be familiar and may limit the 
ability of Noteholders to enforce the terms of the Notes. Insolvency proceedings may have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantors’ business and assets and their 
respective obligations under the Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
The guarantee given by each Guarantor may be limited 
Subject as provided in the sentence that follows, the obligations and liabilities of a Guarantor in 
respect of the Notes, including under the Notes Guarantee, are limited to an aggregate amount 
not exceeding 90 per cent. of that Guarantor’s net assets or, as the case may be, current unit 
value, as defined in accordance with Article 10.2 of the Management Regulations. However, this 
limitation of the obligations and liabilities of a Guarantor does not extend to the obligations 
incurred by a direct or indirect Subsidiary of that Guarantor (which, at the time of this Base 
Prospectus, would include the Notes Guarantee granted by GEP, as the Issuer is an indirect 
subsidiary of GEP). As a result, recourse under the Notes Guarantee to any Guarantor of which 
the Issuer is not a direct or indirect Subsidiary will be limited to an amount which is less than the 
total assets of that Guarantor. 
Financial risks 
Interest rate, foreign exchange and hedging risk 
The Group, through its activities, is exposed to market risks which can generate losses as a 
result of fluctuations in interest rates and/or currency exchange rates. Failure to hedge 
effectively against adverse fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates could 
negatively affect the Group’s operational results. Members of the Group are subject to the risk 
of rising interest rates associated with borrowing on a floating rate basis. The Group may seek 
to manage its exposure to adverse fluctuations in floating interest rates by using interest rate 
hedging arrangements. The Group’s operational results may be adversely affected if its hedges 
are not effective to mitigate interest rate risks, if the Group is under-hedged or if a hedge provider 
defaults on its obligations under the Group’s hedging agreements, and this may have a material 
adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service their respective 
obligations under the terms of the Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. There can be 
no assurance that the Group’s interest rate hedging arrangements or hedging policy will be 
effective.

--- Page 35 ---
586291846 
35 
 
Though GEP’s business is primarily based in the Eurozone and its functional currency is the 
euro, investments of GEP may be made in currencies other than the euro. The value of costs, 
assets, rents and revenues received in these countries, when translated into euro, may be 
adversely affected by fluctuations in exchange rates. Additionally, changes in the interest rates 
of countries outside the Eurozone may also affect the financial position of the Group and the 
results of operations. Such fluctuations in exchange rates and interest rates may consequently 
have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or the Guarantors to service their 
respective obligations under the terms of the Notes or the Notes Guarantee, as applicable. 
Credit risk of financial counterparties 
Credit risk is the risk that a counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument, 
leading to a financial loss. Credit risk related to financial policy is likely to be heavily concentrated 
and frequently contingent in nature. For the Group, credit risk generally arises as a result of 
cash balances held with banks or entering into derivative contracts to hedge other financial risks. 
While the Group attempts to minimise credit risk and to restrict its exposure to those 
counterparties who have a suitable credit rating, the number of available counterparties is limited 
and therefore the Group may have significant credit exposures to specific third parties. In the 
case of default by a counterparty, the Group could suffer financial loss and/or lose the benefit 
from hedges signed with such counterparties, which may result in an increase in interest rate or 
currency exposure and may have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Issuer and/or 
the Guarantors to service their respective obligations under the terms of the Notes or the Notes 
Guarantee, as applicable. 
Liquidity risk 
The real estate investment and development industry tends to be highly capital intensive. The 
Group’s strategy may from time to time depend on its ability to raise financial resources, in the 
form of either debt or equity capital, so that it can finance its ongoing activities and its 
investments. It is possible (for example in the event of disruption in the bond or equity markets, 
a reduction in the lending capacities of banks, changes affecting the property market or 
investors’ appetites for real estate companies or assets, a downgrade in GEP’s credit rating or 
a change in business activities, financial situation or the Group’s structure) that the Group could 
from time to time encounter difficulties in raising funds and, as a result, lack the access to 
liquidity that it needs. These events could also affect the cost of borrowing and lead to an 
increase of the financial expenses of the Group, which could consequently affect the Issuer’s or 
the Guarantor’s ability to service their respective obligations under the Notes or the Notes 
Guarantee, as applicable. (In relation to the Group’s indebtedness, see also “Leverage and 
refinancing risk” above.) 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of 
the most common such features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to 
any Notes and those which might occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes and ESG 
Notes (as defined in “Use of Proceeds” below).

--- Page 36 ---
586291846 
36 
 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
GEP’s financial performance and other factors could adversely impact the Issuer’s ability 
to make payments under the Notes 
The Issuer’s ability to make scheduled payments under the Notes will depend on GEP’s financial 
and operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to 
financial, business and other factors, some of which may be beyond the Issuer’s and/or GEP’s 
control. 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to 
be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. The Notes will effectively be 
subordinated to any secured indebtedness and any other secured liabilities of the Issuer. 
The obligations of each Guarantor under the Notes Guarantee will be direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of such Guarantor 
The Notes will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis by 
each of the Guarantors. The obligations of each Guarantor under the Notes Guarantee will be 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of such Guarantor and (save 
for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) will rank equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of such Guarantor, from time to time 
outstanding. The Notes Guarantee will effectively be subordinated to any secured indebtedness 
and any other secured liabilities of the Guarantor. 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market 
value of the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to 
any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes 
being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or vice versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of 
the Notes concerned

--- Page 37 ---
586291846 
37 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest 
basis, and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the 
market value of, such Notes, as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return 
for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could 
affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes 
linked to such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (including the Euro 
Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) and the 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”)) are the subject of recent national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes 
referencing such a “benchmark”.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the 
provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be 
authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise 
recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU-supervised entities of 
“benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The UK Benchmarks Regulation, among other 
things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, 
it prohibits the use in the UK by UK- supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK-based, not 
deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could 
have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as 
applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. 
The euro risk-free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things,

--- Page 38 ---
586291846 
38 
 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) 
may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate 
working group published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback 
rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to 
the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential 
changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisors and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable, or any of the international or national reforms and the possible 
application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates (including overnight rates) 
as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR, 
as reference rates continue to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation 
and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of Notes 
referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and methodologies might be adopted. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes that reference risk-
free rates issued under the Programme.  The Issuer may in the future also issue Notes 
referencing SONIA, the SONIA Compounded Index, SOFR or the SOFR Compounded Index 
that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous Notes 
issued by it under this Programme.  The development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets 
could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price 
of any Notes that reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may 
differ materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, 
such as the derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully consider how any 
mismatch between the adoption of such reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives 
markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place 
in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing such risk-free rates. 
In particular, investors should be aware that several different methodologies have been used in 
risk-free rate notes issued to date.  No assurance can be given that any particular methodology, 
including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain 
widespread market acceptance. 
In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative 
reference rates based on risk-free rates, including various ways to produce term versions of

--- Page 39 ---
586291846 
39 
 
certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average 
of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) or different 
measures of such risk-free rates.  If the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used 
in securities like the Notes, the trading price of such Notes linked to such risk-free rates may be 
lower than those of Notes referencing indices that are more widely used. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any Notes which reference SONIA, SOFR or any related indices. 
Risk-free rates may differ from EURIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number 
of material respects and have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from EURIBOR and other inter-bank offered rates in a number of 
material respects. These include (without limitation) being backwards-looking, in most cases, 
calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, risk-free, overnight rates and, in the 
case of SOFR, secured, whereas such inter-bank offered rates are generally expressed on the 
basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on inter-bank 
lending.  As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently to inter-bank offered rates as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, 
SOFR is a secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore 
will perform differently over time to an unsecured rate. For example, since publication of SOFR 
began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily 
changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Risk-free rates offered as alternatives to interbank offered rates also have a limited history. For 
that reason, future performance of such rates may be more difficult to predict based on their 
limited historical performance. The level of such rates during the term of the Notes may bear 
little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market 
variables and their relation to such rates such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Investors should not rely on historical performance data as an indicator of the future 
performance of such risk-free rates nor should they rely on any hypothetical data. 
Furthermore, interest on Notes which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only 
capable of being determined immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be 
difficult for investors in Notes which reference such risk-free rates reliably to estimate the amount 
of interest which will be payable on such Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling 
to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact 
the liquidity of such Notes.   
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or any related indices or other reference rates may 
make changes that could change the value of SONIA, SOFR or any related index or other 
reference rates, or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or any related index or other reference rates 
The Bank of England or the Federal Reserve, Bank of New York (or their successors) as 
administrators of SONIA (and the SONIA Compounded Index) or SOFR (and the SOFR 
Compounded Index), respectively, or the administrator of any other reference rate, may make 
methodological or other changes that could change the value of these rates, including changes 
related to the method by which such rate is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the 
transactions used to calculate such rate, or timing related to the publication of such rate.  In 
addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of any

--- Page 40 ---
586291846 
40 
 
such rate (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will 
apply).  The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing any such rate. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price 
volatility in response to changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in 
interest rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the 
longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as compared with 
more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
The Conditions contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be 
exercised without the consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual 
interests of particular Noteholders 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of 
electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not 
sign the written resolution or given their consent electronically, including those Noteholders who 
voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The Conditions also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and 
without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to 
the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the 
Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or 
potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) either the substitution of another 
company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer or the substitution of another 
company as a guarantor in respect of the Notes, in each case in the circumstances described 
in Condition 15. 
The Trustee may request Noteholders to provide an indemnity and/or security and/or 
prefunding to its satisfaction 
In certain circumstances (including in the case of Event of Default under Condition 10), the 
Trustee may (at its sole discretion) request Noteholders to provide an indemnity and/or security 
and/or prefunding to its satisfaction before it takes actions on behalf of Noteholders (see also 
Condition 16 on page 124 of this Base Prospectus). The Trustee shall not be obliged to take 
any such actions if not indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. 
Determination by the Calculation Agent 
Under the Conditions, the Calculation Agent may make certain determinations in respect of the 
Notes, which could affect the amounts payable by the Issuer on the Notes. The Conditions 
specify the circumstances under which the Calculation Agent will be able to make such 
determinations and adjustments. Prospective investors should be aware that any determination

--- Page 41 ---
586291846 
41 
 
made by the Calculation Agent may have an impact on the value and financial return of the 
Notes. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or 
administrative practice 
The Conditions are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English 
law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could 
materially adversely affect the value of any Notes affected by it.  
Investors who purchase Notes in denominations that are not an integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination may be adversely affected if Definitive Notes are subsequently 
required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible 
that such Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder 
who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified 
Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that Definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be 
illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Potential conflicts of interest 
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an Issuance of Notes under 
the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of an international 
financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking 
activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where 
relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it 
may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an 
index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the 
term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and 
which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt 
Notes, such as Index Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor 
might receive less interest than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may 
lose some or all of the principal amount invested by it 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or 
formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency

--- Page 42 ---
586291846 
42 
 
exchange rates or other factors (each a “Relevant Factor”). In addition, the Issuer may issue 
Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from 
the currency in which the Notes are denominated. Potential investors should be aware that: 
 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
 
they may receive no interest; 
 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency 
than expected; 
 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one 
or contains some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on 
principal or interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even 
if the average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change 
in the Relevant Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an 
indication of the future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. 
Accordingly, each potential investor should consult its own financial and legal advisors about 
the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of 
such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any 
subsequent instalment of the issue price could lose all of his investment 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any 
failure by an investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes 
could result in such investor losing all of his investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a 
multiplier or other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than 
more standard securities 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or 
other similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for 
securities that do not include those features.

--- Page 43 ---
586291846 
43 
 
Risks applicable to ESG Notes 
In respect of any Notes issued as ESG Notes, there can be no assurance that the use of 
an amount equal to such proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an 
investor 
Notes may be issued as ESG Notes. The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche 
of Notes may provide that it is the Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the proceeds 
from an offer of those Notes specifically for Eligible Green Projects (as defined below). 
Prospective investors should determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the 
purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer, the Guarantors or any of 
the Dealers that the use of an amount equal to such proceeds for any Eligible Green Projects 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of 
any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. 
On 18 December 2019, the Council and the European Parliament reached a political agreement 
on a regulation to establish a framework to facilitate sustainable development (the “Taxonomy 
Regulation”). On 21 April 2021, the European Commission approved the first delegated act and 
the Delegated Regulation supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council (the “EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act”) was formally adopted on 4 
June 2021. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act is aimed at supporting sustainable 
investment by making it clear which economic activities most contribute to the EU’s 
environmental objectives. The EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act sets out criteria for 
economic activities in the sectors that are most relevant for achieving climate neutrality and 
delivering on climate change adaptation. This includes sectors such as energy, forestry, 
manufacturing, transport and buildings. Criteria for other environmental objectives will follow in 
a later delegated act, in line with mandates in the Taxonomy Regulation. Until all criteria for such 
objectives have been developed and disclosed, it is not known whether any ESG Notes will 
satisfy those criteria. Accordingly, alignment with the Taxonomy Regulation, once the technical 
screening criteria are established, is not certain. 
Further, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European green bonds and optional disclosures for 
bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable was published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union on 30 November 2023 (the “EU Green Bond Regulation”). The EU Green 
Bond Regulation, which entered into force on 20 December 2023 and will apply from 21 
December 2024, introduces a voluntary label (the “European Green Bond Standard”) for 
issuers of “green” use of proceeds bonds where the proceeds will be invested in economic 
activities aligned with the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy. ESG Notes issued under this 
Programme will not necessarily be aligned with such European Green Bond Standard. It is not 
clear at this stage the impact that the European Green Bond Standard may have on investor 
demand for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not meet such standard. 
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market convention in the green 
and sustainable market, it should be noted that the definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of,

--- Page 44 ---
586291846 
44 
 
and market consensus as to what constitutes or may be classified as ‘social’ or ‘green’ or 
‘sustainable’ or an equivalently-labelled project and the requirements for a particular project to 
be defined as ‘social’ or ‘green’ or ‘sustainable’ (together, “ESG”) or such other equivalent label 
continue to develop and evolve, and different organisations may develop definitions or labels 
that are different from, and may be incompatible with, those set by other organisations. No 
assurance can be given that a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or any 
other person to investors that any projects, activities or assets or uses the subject of, or related 
to, any Eligible Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such ESG or 
other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, social 
and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or assets or uses 
the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects. No assurance or representation is given 
by the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Dealers or any other person as to the suitability or reliability 
for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes 
and in particular with any Eligible Green Projects to fulfil any ESG and/or other criteria. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, 
nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Guarantors, any of the 
Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes or that any Eligible Green 
Projects fulfil any ESG and/or other criteria. Any such opinion or certification is only current as 
of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves 
the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or 
the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. 
Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific 
regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated ESG or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines 
with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or 
future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability 
or social impact of any projects or assets or uses, the subject of or related to, any Eligible Green 
Projects.  Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to 
trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another.  Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Guarantors, any of the Dealers or 
any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any 
such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during 
the life of the Notes.

--- Page 45 ---
586291846 
45 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any ESG Notes nor any amount equal to 
such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets, and there will 
be no direct or contractual link between any ESG Notes and any Eligible Green Projects (or any 
other environmental or similar targets set by the Issuer) and consequently neither payments of 
principal and interest (as the case may be) on, nor an investor’s right to accelerate repayment 
of, the ESG Notes shall depend on the performance of the relevant Eligible Green Projects or 
the performance of the Issuer or the Guarantors in respect of any such environmental or similar 
targets. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any Notes so 
specified for Eligible Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the 
applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the relevant project or asset(s) or use(s) 
the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Green Projects will be capable of being implemented 
in or substantially in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such amount equal to such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for or 
towards such Eligible Green Projects.  Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Green 
Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer.   
Any such event or failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue 
of Notes for or towards any Eligible Green Project as aforesaid and/or the withdrawal of any 
such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining 
or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock 
exchange or securities market as aforesaid, and/or the fact that the maturity of an Eligible Green 
Project may not match the minimum duration of any ESG Notes and/or the failure by the Issuer 
to meet any other environmental or sustainability targets will not (i) give rise to any claim of a 
Noteholder against the Issuer (or any Dealer); (ii) constitute an event of default under the ESG 
Notes or a breach or violation of any term thereof, or constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purpose; or (iii) lead to a right or obligation of the Issuer to redeem such ESG Notes or be a 
relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption 
rights in respect of any ESG Notes or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its 
Notes. Additionally, such events may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes 
and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance or re-finance 
Eligible Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for or towards a particular purpose.  
None of the Dealers will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under 
the Programme.

--- Page 46 ---
586291846 
46 
 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange 
rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be 
illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market for the Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be 
able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable with 
similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for 
Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for 
specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
In addition, publicly traded securities from time to time experience significant price and volume 
fluctuations that may be unrelated to the operating performance of the companies that have 
issued them, and such volatility may be increased in an illiquid market, including in 
circumstances where a significant proportion of the Notes are held by a limited number of initial 
investors. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, 
they will be exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his 
holding. In addition, the imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could 
result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantors will make any 
payments under the Notes Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to 
devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer or 
the Guarantors to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market 
interest rates

--- Page 47 ---
586291846 
47 
 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently 
increase above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to GEP or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with 
an investment in those Notes 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign (and have assigned) credit ratings 
to GEP and/or or the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related 
to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the 
value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using 
credit ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply 
in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings 
issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are 
endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country non-EEA rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by ESMA on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, is not conclusive 
evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. 
As such, UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
In the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit 
ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a 
third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or 
endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain 
limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes 
in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. If the status 
of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment, which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the 
secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover 
of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 48 ---
586291846 
48 
 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
The audited consolidated financial statements of GEP as at and for the financial years ended 
31 December 2022 and 2023 (each incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus as 
described under “Documents Incorporated by Reference” below) have been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (“IFRS”). 
Accordingly, all financial information presented in this Base Prospectus in respect of GEP has 
been prepared in accordance with IFRS, unless otherwise specified.  
The audited annual accounts of the Issuer as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 
2022 and 2023 (each incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus as described under 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” below) have been prepared in accordance with legal 
and regulatory requirements and generally accepted accounting principles in Luxembourg 
(“Luxembourg GAAP”). Accordingly, all financial information presented in this Base Prospectus 
in respect of the Issuer has been prepared in accordance with Luxembourg GAAP, unless 
otherwise specified. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
“U.S. dollars”, “U.S.$” and “$” refer to United States dollars; 
 
“Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling; and 
 
“euro” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus, including financial, statistical 
and operating information, have been subject to rounding adjustments in accordance with 
established commercial standards; accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented 
in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an 
arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a 
provision of a law is a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 49 ---
586291846 
49 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents, which have previously been published and filed with, the CSSF, shall 
be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 
the annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of GEP as at and for the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
(https://ce.goodman.com/-
/media/project/goodman/continental-europe/files/funds/gep-bondholders/emtn/22q4gep-
annual-report-abridged-version.pdf); 
 
the annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of GEP as at and for the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2023 
(https://ce.goodman.com/-
/media/project/goodman/continental-europe/files/funds/gep-bondholders/emtn/23q4-
gep-annual-report-abridged-version.pdf);   
 
the audited annual accounts of the Issuer as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 
2022 
(https://ce.goodman.com/-/media/project/goodman/continental-
europe/files/funds/gep-bondholders/emtn/gelf-bond-issuer-financial-year-2022.pdf);  
 
the audited annual accounts of the Issuer as at and for the financial year ended 31 
December 
2023 
(https://ce.goodman.com/-/media/project/goodman/continental-
europe/files/funds/gep-bondholders/emtn/gelf-bond-issuer-financial-year-2023.pdf); and 
 
the unaudited condensed financial report of GEP as of and for the three-month period 
ended 31 March 2024 (https://ce.goodman.com/-/media/project/goodman/continental-
europe/files/funds/gep-bondholders/emtn/24q1gep-quarterly-report-financial-only.pdf) 
The following information appears on the pages of certain of these documents as set out below 
(note references made below relate to the PDF page numbers).  
(1) 
2022 Annual Report and Consolidated 
Financial Statements (GEP) 
 
Manager’s Report  
 
Audit Report 
 
Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial 
Position 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 
 
 
Pages 4 to 5 
 
Pages 7 to 9 
 
Page 10 
 
 
Page 11 
 
 
Page 12 
 
 
Page 13

--- Page 50 ---
586291846 
50 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
 
Pages 14 to 38 
(2) 
2023 Annual Report and Consolidated 
Financial Statements (GEP) 
 
Manager’s Report  
 
Audit Report 
 
Consolidated Statement of 
Comprehensive Income 
 
Consolidated Statement of Financial 
Position 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in 
Equity 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
 
 
 
 
Pages 4 to 7 
 
Pages 9 to 11 
 
Page 12 
 
 
Page 13 
 
 
Page 14 
 
 
Page 15 
 
Pages 16 to 40 
(3) 
2022 Audited Annual Accounts 
(Issuer) 
 
Directors’ Report 
 
Audit Report 
 
Balance Sheet 
 
Profit and Loss Account 
 
Notes to the Annual Accounts 
 
Appendix 1: Unaudited Corporate 
governance 
 
 
 
Page 2 
 
Pages 3 to 7 
 
Pages 8 to 12 
 
Pages 13 to 14 
 
Pages 15 to 20 
 
Pages 21 to 22 
 
(4) 
2023 Audited Annual Accounts 
(Issuer) 
 
Directors’ Report 
 
Audit Report 
 
Balance Sheet 
 
 
 
 
Pages 2 to 4 
 
Pages 5 to 9 
 
Pages 10 to 14

--- Page 51 ---
586291846 
51 
 
Profit and Loss Account 
 
Notes to the Annual Accounts 
 
Appendix 1: Unaudited Corporate 
governance 
Pages 15 to 16 
 
Pages 17 to 22 
 
Pages 23 to 24 
 
(5) 
Q1 Unaudited Accounts (GEP) 
 
Condensed Financial Report 
 
Notes to the Condensed Financial 
Report 
 
Glossary 
 
 
 
Pages 2 to 5 
 
Pages 6 to 11 
 
 
Pages 12 to 13 
 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
means any parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for 
investors or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Please note that stand-alone financial statements for the Guarantors have not been included in 
this Base Prospectus (see “Risk Factors - Stand-alone financial statements for each Guarantor 
have not been included in this Base Prospectus” above). 
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer 
and the Guarantors and approved by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any 
document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, be deemed to 
modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded 
shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from 
the specified offices of the Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg. 
 
In addition, such documents will be published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website 
(https://www.luxse.com/). 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantors will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable 
of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
586291846 
52 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a “Temporary Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a “Permanent Global Note” and, together with a Temporary Global 
Note, each a “Global Note”) which, in either case, will: 
 
(i) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated 
in the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the 
Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
 
(ii) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
 
While any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as 
defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a 
form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Temporary Global 
Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as 
required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent. 
 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note 
is issued, interests in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon 
a request as described therein either for (a) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same 
Series or (b) Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Notes”) of the same Series with, where 
applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms and subject, in the case of Definitive Notes, to such notice period as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described 
above unless such certification has already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note 
will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after 
the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly withheld or refused.

--- Page 53 ---
586291846 
53 
 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will 
be made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender 
(as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended 
to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon either (a) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such 
Permanent Global Note) to the Agent as described therein or (b) only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default 
(as defined in Condition 10) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced 
an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing 
system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the Issuer has or will become subject to 
adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the 
Permanent Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by two directors 
of the Issuer is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the 
Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Agent requesting exchange. Any 
such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Agent. 
 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) which have 
an original maturity of more than one year and on all receipts and interest coupons relating to 
such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be 
entitled to deduct any loss on Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to 
capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment 
of principal in respect of such Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be. 
 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined in the Conditions), the Agent shall arrange that, 
where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an 
existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date (to be determined in the applicable 
Final Terms) of the further Tranche, the Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a

--- Page 54 ---
586291846 
54 
 
common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN (to be determined 
in the applicable Final Terms) assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until 
such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior 
to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the 
Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche. 
 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder (each as defined in the Conditions) shall be 
entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or the Guarantors unless the Trustee, having 
become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and the failure shall be 
continuing. 
 
The Issuer and the Guarantors may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes other 
than Exempt Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Conditions, in which event 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will be made available which 
will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 55 ---
586291846 
55 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes 
which are not Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency) or more issued under the Programme. 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]/[ MiFID II]]; and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the

--- Page 56 ---
586291846 
56 
 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
 [Date] 
 
GELF Bond Issuer I S.A. 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 213800L6LMHEP8TLAY43 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] guaranteed on a joint 
and several basis by 
 
Goodman Funds Management (Lux) S.à r.l. 
in its capacity as a Luxembourg management company acting for the account of 
Goodman European Logistics Fund FCP-FIS, a Luxembourg fonds commun de 
placement 
 
GELF European Holdings (Lux) S.à r.l. 
and 
GELF Investments (Lux) S.à r.l. 
 
under the €5,000,000,000 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 August 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
[and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus has been 
published on the 
Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s website 
(https://www.luxse.com/).

--- Page 57 ---
586291846 
57 
 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs 
or subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable 
can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(a) Series Number: 
 
(b) Tranche Number: 
 
(c) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[   ] 
 
[   ] 
 
The Notes will be consolidated and form 
a single Series with [provide issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
20 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) Series: 
 
(b) Tranche: 
 
 
 
[   ] 
 
[   ] 
 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[   ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from 
[insert date] (if applicable)] 
 
5. 
(a) Specified Denominations: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[   ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum 
denomination 
of 
€100,000 
(or 
equivalent).) 
 
(Note - where multiple denominations 
above €100,000 or equivalent are being 
used the following sample wording 
should be followed: 
 
“€100,000 and integral multiples of 
€1,000 in excess thereof up to and 
including 
€299,000. 
No 
Notes 
in

--- Page 58 ---
586291846 
58 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) Calculation Amount: 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above €299,000.”) 
 
[   ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. If 
more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the 
case 
of 
two 
or 
more 
Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
6. 
(a) Issue Date: 
 
(b) Interest Commencement Date: 
[   ] 
 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date 
will not be relevant for Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/ 
 
Floating rate - Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]] 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [ ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] [Zero Coupon] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to 
floating rate change occurs or cross refer 
to paragraphs 12 and 13 below and 
identify there][Not Applicable] 
 
10. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[(See paragraph [16 / 17 / 18 / 19] 
below)] 
 
11. 
Date [Board] approval for issue of Notes 
obtained: 
[   ] [and [   ], respectively]]

--- Page 59 ---
586291846 
59 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the 
particular tranche of Notes)] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
 
 
 
(a) Rate(s) of Interest: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) Interest Payment Date(s): 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form.) 
 
(d) Broken Amount(s): 
 
(Applicable to Notes in definitive form.)
 
 
 
 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
 
(f) Determination Date(s): 
 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date 
 
[The 
Notes 
are 
Step-up/step-down 
Notes. 
 
The Initial Rate of Interest is [ ] per cent. 
per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date. 
 
The Step-up Margin is [ ] per cent.] 
 
[ 
] in each year up to and including 
the Maturity Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of 
irregular coupons) 
 
[Unless a Step-up Rating Change has 
occurred] [ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
[[Unless a Step-up Rating Change has 
occurred] [ ] per Calculation Amount, 
payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [ ]][Not Applicable] 
 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, 
insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last 
coupon)

--- Page 60 ---
586291846 
60 
 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
 
(b) Business Day Convention: 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
(d) Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
 
(e) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount (if 
not the Agent): 
 
(f) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 Reference 
Rate 
and 
Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Index Determination: 
 
 Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
 
 
 
 
 
 Relevant Screen Page: 
 
 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
[ ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set 
out in (b) below] 
 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
[[ 
]/Not Applicable] 
 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
[[ 
](the Calculation Agent)/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
 
Reference 
Rate: 
[ 
] 
month 
[SONIA/EURIBOR/SOFR/specify other 
Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[London/Brussels/New 
York/specify 
other Relevant Financial Centre] 
 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[    ] [TARGET System] Business Days in 
[specify city] prior to each Interest 
Payment 
Date
 
[ 
] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which

--- Page 61 ---
586291846 
61 
 
 
 
 
 Observation Method:  
 
 
 
 Relevant Decimal Place: 
 
 D: 
 
 p: 
 
(g) ISDA Determination: 
 
 Floating Rate Option: 
 
 Designated Maturity: 
 
 Reset Date: 
 
(h) Linear Interpolation: 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) Margin(s): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(j) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
(k) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
(l) Day Count Fraction: 
 
shows a composite rate or amend the 
fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Observation Shift] 
 
[            ]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
[            ]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
[            ]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
[ 
] 
 
[ 
] 
 
[ 
] 
 
[            ] 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] 
Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
 
[The 
Notes 
are 
Step-up/step-down 
Notes.] 
 
The Step-up Margin is [ ] per cent.] 
 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(See Condition 5 for alternatives)

--- Page 62 ---
586291846 
62 
 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
 
(c) Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
 
[ 
] 
 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
15. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
 
 
Minimum period: [ 
] days 
Maximum period:[  
] days 
 
16. 
Issuer Call: 
 
 
 
 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) Make Whole Redemption Price: 
 
 
 
 
 
[(i) Redemption Margin: 
 
(ii) Reference Bond: 
 
(iii) Quotation Time: 
 
 
(iv) Par Call Period: 
 
 
 
 
(d) If redeemable in part: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[[ 
]/[Any date from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]] 
 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole 
Redemption Price] [in the case of the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) falling [on 
[ ]]/[in the period from and including 
[date] to but excluding [date]]] 
 
[Spens 
Amount/Make 
Whole 
Redemption Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[ 
] 
 
[ 
] 
 
[ 
]] 
 
[From (and including [          ] (the “Par 
Call Period Commencement Date”) to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
[ 
]

--- Page 63 ---
586291846 
63 
 
(i) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
 
(ii) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
 
(e) Notice periods: 
[ 
] 
 
Minimum period: [ 
] 
days 
Maximum period: [ 
] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information through intermediaries, for 
example, 
clearing 
systems, 
which 
require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice, and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or 
Trustee) 
 
17. 
Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
 
(a) Clean-up Call Redemption Amount: 
[            ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
 
 
(b) Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ 
] 
days 
Maximum period: [ 
] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information through intermediaries, for 
example, 
clearing 
systems, 
which 
require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice, and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or 
Trustee) 
 
18. 
Investor Put: 
 
 
 
 
(a) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
 
(b) Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
(c) Notice periods: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[ 
] 
 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
Minimum period: [ 
] 
days 
Maximum period: [ 
] days

--- Page 64 ---
586291846 
64 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the 
Issuer is advised to consider the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information through intermediaries, for 
example, 
clearing 
systems, 
which 
require a minimum of 15 clearing system 
business days’ notice, and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Agent or 
Trustee) 
 
 
18. 
Change of Control Put: 
 
 
 
 
Change 
of 
Control 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
19. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
event of default: 
 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
 
20. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) Form: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 
days’ notice given at any time/only upon 
an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice 
given 
at 
any 
time/only 
upon 
an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any 
time options should not be expressed to 
be 
applicable 
if 
the 
Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph

--- Page 65 ---
586291846 
65 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) New Global Notes: 
 
5 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: “[€100,000] and integral 
multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up 
to 
and 
including 
[€299,000].” 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction 
is 
not 
permitted in relation to any issue of 
Notes which is to be represented on 
issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
[Yes][No] 
 
21. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) 
[[    ]/Not Applicable] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the 
date of payment and not the end dates 
of Interest Periods for the purposes of 
calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 13(c) relates.) 
 
22. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be 
required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of GELF Bond Issuer I S.A. 
By: ………………………………………. 
Name: …………………………………   
Title: Director

--- Page 66 ---
586291846 
66 
 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [specify relevant regulated market 
(for example, the Bourse de Luxembourg) 
and, if relevant, listing on an official list (for 
example, the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange) and/or (for ESG Notes 
only) the dedicated ESG or equivalently-
labelled segment (if applicable) of such stock 
exchange] with effect from [    ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market (for example, the Bourse 
de Luxembourg) and, if relevant, listing on an 
official list (for example, the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange) and/or (for 
ESG Notes only) the dedicated ESG or 
equivalently-labelled segment (if applicable) 
of such stock exchange] with effect from [    ].] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issuance of 
Notes, indicate that earlier Tranche is already 
admitted to trading.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[ 
] 
 
2. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
(Floating Rate Notes calculated by reference to a benchmark only) 
[Amounts 
payable 
under 
the 
Notes 
will 
be 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[SONIA/EURIBOR/SOFR] which is provided by [legal name of the benchmark administrator]. 
As at the date of these Final Terms, [legal name of the benchmark administrator] 
[appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (as amended, the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [SONIA/SOFR] [does not fall within the scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation such that [legal name of the

--- Page 67 ---
586291846 
67 
 
benchmark administrator] is not currently required to obtain authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence (as applicable).]] 
 
3. 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[The following ratings 
reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details] 
 
by [insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies) and associated 
defined terms.]  
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.] 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under 
Regulation 
(EC) 
No. 
1060/2009 
(as 
amended). 
 
 (The above disclosure should reflect the 
rating allocated to Notes of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, 
where the issue has been specifically rated, 
that rating.) 
 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] 
and their Affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the 
Guarantors and their Affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there 
are other interests.] 
 
5. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[      ] / [The Issuer intends to apply an amount equal 
to the net proceeds from this issue of Notes to 
finance or re-finance certain projects and activities 
that promote environmental, social, governance, 
sustainable 
or 
green 
purposes.]

--- Page 68 ---
586291846 
68 
 
(Only required if the use of proceeds is different from 
that stated in the Base Prospectus) 
(If the Notes are specified to be “ESG Notes”, 
describe the relevant Eligible Green Projects to 
which the net proceeds of the Notes will be applied 
or make reference to the relevant bond framework 
and/or section of the Framework setting out the 
criteria identifying Eligible Green Projects to which 
the net proceeds of the Notes will be applied). 
(Applicable only in the case of securities to be 
classified as “ESG Notes”. If not applicable, delete 
this paragraph.) 
[●] 
[Further details on Eligible Green Projects are 
included in the Green Finance Framework available 
to 
view 
at 
https://ce.goodman.com/-
/media/project/goodman/continental-
europe/files/funds/gep/sustainability/gep-green-
finance-framework.pdf, together with the Second 
Party Opinion available to view at: second-party-
opinion-sustainalytics.pdf (goodman.com).] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[      ] 
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ 
] 
 
 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[ 
] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ 
] 
(iii) 
FISN Code: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] 
(iv) 
CFI Code: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out 
on] the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively

--- Page 69 ---
586291846 
69 
 
sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ 
] 
(viii) Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon 
issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs 
as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB 
being 
satisfied 
that 
Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / [No. While 
the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. 
Note 
that 
this 
does 
not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
 
 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement:  
[   ]

--- Page 70 ---
586291846 
70 
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any):
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable] (If the Notes clearly do not 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Not 
Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
[Applicable] (If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should 
be 
specified.)
 
(viii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Not Applicable] (If the Notes clearly do not 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Not 
Applicable” should be specified.) 
 
[Applicable] (If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.)

--- Page 71 ---
586291846 
71 
 
EXEMPT NOTES  
 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of 
Exempt Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
(THE “EU PROSPECTUS REGULATION”) FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED 
BELOW. 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) 
of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
(as amended, the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in 
[[Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)]/[ MiFID II]]; and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 72 ---
586291846 
72 
 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – 
Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
 
 
[Date] 
 
GELF Bond Issuer I S.A. 
 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 213800L6LMHEP8TLAY43 
 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] guaranteed on a joint 
and several basis by 
 
Goodman Funds Management (Lux) S.à r.l. 
in its capacity as a Luxembourg management company acting for the account of 
Goodman European Logistics Fund FCP-FIS, a Luxembourg fonds commun de 
placement 
 
GELF European Holdings (Lux) S.à r.l. 
and 
GELF Investments (Lux) S.à r.l. 
 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
 
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes described herein. This 
document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 1 August 2024 [as 
supplemented by the supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] (the “Base Prospectus”). Full information 
on the Issuer, the Guarantors and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base 
Prospectus may be obtained from [address].

--- Page 73 ---
586291846 
73 
 
 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 1 August 2024 [and the supplement[s] 
dated [date[s]]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus]. 
 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs 
or subparagraphs (in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are 
not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum 
denomination may need to be €100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
 
1. 
(a) Series Number: 
 
(b) Tranche Number: 
 
(c) Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series: 
[   ] 
 
[   ] 
 
[The Notes will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [provide issue 
amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue date of 
earlier 
Tranches] 
on 
[the 
Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 
24 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) Series: 
 
(b) Tranche: 
 
 
 
[   ] 
 
[   ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from 
[insert date] (if applicable)] 
 
5. 
(a) Specified Denominations: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
[   ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum 
denomination 
of 
[€100,000] 
(or 
equivalent).) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations 
above [€100,000] or equivalent are 
being 
used 
the 
following 
sample 
wording should be followed:

--- Page 74 ---
586291846 
74 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) Calculation Amount: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of 
[€1,000] in excess thereof up to and 
including [€299,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€299,000].”) 
 
[   ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, 
insert the Specified Denomination. If 
more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. Note: 
There must be a common factor in the 
case 
of 
two 
or 
more 
Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
6. 
(a) Issue Date: 
 
(b) Interest Commencement Date: 
[   ] 
 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date 
will not be relevant for certain Notes, for 
example Zero Coupon Notes.) 
 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Fixed rate - specify date/Floating rate - 
Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to [specify month and year]] 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [ ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
[Index Linked Interest] [Dual Currency 
Interest] 
[Specify other] 
(further particulars specified below) 
 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
[Partly Paid] 
[Instalment] 
[specify other] 
 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
 
[Specify details of any provision for 
change of Notes into another Interest 
Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable]

--- Page 75 ---
586291846 
75 
 
11. 
Put/Call Options 
[Investor Put] 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
12. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) Rate(s) of Interest:  
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
 
[The Notes are Step-up/step-down Notes. 
 
The Initial Rate of Interest is [ 
] per cent. 
per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
The Step-up Margin is [ ] per cent.] 
(b) Interest Payment Date(s) 
[ 
] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) Fixed Coupon Amount(s):  
(Applicable to Notes in 
 definitive form.) 
[Unless a Step-up Rating Change has 
occurred] [ 
] per Calculation Amount 
(d) Broken Amount(s): 
(Applicable to Notes in 
 definitive form.) 
[[Unless a Step-up Rating Change has 
occurred] [ ] per Calculation Amount, payable 
on the Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] 
[]][Not Applicable] 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360/Actual/Actual (ICMA)/specify other] 
(f) Determination Date(s): 
 
[[ ] in each year][Not Applicable] (Only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA). In such a case, insert regular interest 
payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon)

--- Page 76 ---
586291846 
76 
 
 
 
(g) Other terms relating to the 
method of calculating interest for 
Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[None/give details] 
13. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
 
 
 
 
(a) Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
 
 
(b) Business Day Convention: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(c) Additional Business Centre(s): 
 
(d) Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to 
be determined: 
 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount (if not the Agent): 
 
(f) Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 Reference Rate and Relevant 
Financial Centre: 
 
 
 
 
 Index Determination: 
 
 
 
 Interest Determination Date(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[ 
] 
[, 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (b) below] 
 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business Day Convention/specify other] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[ 
] 
 
[Screen Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
 
 
[ 
] 
(the 
“Calculation 
Agent”/Not 
Applicable) 
 
 
 
 
Reference Rate: [ 
] 
month 
[SONIA/EURIBOR/SOFR/specify 
other 
Reference Rate]Relevant Financial Centre: 
[London/Brussels/New 
York/specify 
other 
Relevant Financial Centre] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 77 ---
586291846 
77 
 
 
 
 
 
 Relevant Screen Page: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Observation Method: 
 
 D: 
 
 p: 
 
(g) ISDA Determination: 
 
 Floating Rate Option: 
 
 Designated Maturity: 
 
 Reset Date: 
 
 
(h) Linear Interpolation: 
 
 
 
 
 
(i) Margin(s): 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(j) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
 
(k) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
 
(l) Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
 
 
 
[ ] TARGET System] Business Days in [specify 
city] prior to each Interest Payment Date 
 
 
[      ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows 
a composite rate or amend the fallback 
provisions appropriately) 
 
[Not Applicable/Lag/Observation Shift] 
 
[    ]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
[    ]/[As per the Conditions] 
 
[      ] 
 
[      ] 
 
[      ] 
 
[      ] 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of 
interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using Linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
 
[+/-] [ ] per cent. per annum 
 
[The Notes are Step-up/step-down Notes. 
 
The Step-up Margin is [ ] per cent.] 
 
 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
[ 
] per cent. per annum 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] [360/360] [Bond Basis]

--- Page 78 ---
586291846 
78 
 
 
 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]  
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Other] 
(See Condition 5 for alternatives) 
 
 
14. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[ 
] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
15. 
Index Linked Interest Note: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
 
(b) 
Calculation Agent: 
[give name] 
 
(c) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent) 
and 
Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent): 
[ 
] 
 
(d) 
Provisions for determining 
Coupon where calculation 
by reference to Index 
and/or 
Formula 
is 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
 
(e) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[ 
] 
[, 
subject 
to 
adjustment 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Business 
Day 
Convention set out in (b) below] 
 
(f) 
Business Day Convention:
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding

--- Page 79 ---
586291846 
79 
 
Business Day Convention/specify other] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(g) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[ 
] 
 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[ 
] 
16. 
Dual 
Currency 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate of Exchange/method 
of calculating Rate 
of 
Exchange: 
[give or annex details] 
 
(b) 
Party, if any, responsible 
for calculating the principal 
and/or interest due (if not 
the Agent): 
[ 
] 
 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation 
by 
reference 
to 
Rate 
of 
Exchange impossible or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market 
disruption or settlement disruption events and 
adjustment provisions] 
 
(d) 
Person at whose option 
Specified 
Currency(ies) 
is/are payable: 
[ 
] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Clean-up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Clean-up Redemption Amount: 
[      ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [    ] days  
Maximum period: [    ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, 
which require a minimum of 15 clearing

--- Page 80 ---
586291846 
80 
 
system business days’ notice, and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent or Trustee) 
18. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [ 
] days  
Maximum period: [ 
] days 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[[ 
]/ [Any date from and including [date] 
to but excluding [date]] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole 
Redemption Price] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [ ]]/[in the 
period from and including [date] to but 
excluding [date]]/specify other/see Appendix] 
 
(c) 
Make Whole Redemption 
Price: 
[Spens Amount/Make Whole Redemption 
Amount/Not 
Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
[(i) 
Redemption 
Margin: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
Quotation Time: 
(iv)        Par Call Period:  
[ 
] 
[From (and including [          ] (the “Par Call 
Period Commencement Date”) to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date] /[Not Applicable]
 
(d) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[ 
]

--- Page 81 ---
586291846 
81 
 
 
(e) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ 
] 
days 
Maximum period: [ 
] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, 
which require a minimum of 5 clearing system 
business days’ notice, and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and 
the Agent or Trustee) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[ 
] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [ 
] 
days
Maximum period: [ 
] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems, 
which require a minimum of 15 clearing 
system business days’ notice, and custodians, 
as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the 
Issuer and the Agent or Trustee) 
21. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
 
Change of Control Redemption 
Amount(s): 
[ 
] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix]

--- Page 82 ---
586291846 
82 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons 
or on event of default and/or the 
method of calculating the same (if 
required or if different from that set 
out in Condition 7.6): 
[[ 
] per Calculation Amount/specify 
other/see Appendix] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ 
notice given at any time/only upon an 
Exchange Event]] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at 
any time/only upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
 
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time 
options should not be expressed to be 
applicable if the Specified Denomination of the 
Notes in paragraph 5 includes language 
substantially 
to 
the 
following 
effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] 
in excess thereof up to and including 
[€199,000].” Furthermore, such Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes.) 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end date of Interest 
Periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub- paragraphs 
14(c) and 15(g) relate)

--- Page 83 ---
586291846 
83 
 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupon payments are still to be made/No] 
27. 
Details relating to Partly Paid 
Notes: amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and 
date on which each payment is to 
be made and consequences of 
failure to pay, including any right of 
the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and 
interest due on late payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details. N.B. A new form 
of Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent 
Global Note may be required for Partly Paid 
issues] 
28. 
Details 
relating 
to 
Instalment 
Notes: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
29. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Signed on behalf of GELF Bond Issuer I S.A.:  
By: ……………………………………….  
Name:  ………………………………………. 
  
Title: 
Director

--- Page 84 ---
586291846 
84 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be 
made] by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be listed on [specify market - note this 
must not be a regulated market and/or (for 
ESG Notes only) the dedicated ESG or 
equivalently-labelled segment (if applicable) 
of such market] with effect from [ ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] rated]/[insert details] by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit 
rating agency entity(ies)]. 
 
 
 
(The above disclosure is only required if the 
ratings of the Notes are different to those 
stated in the Base Prospectus) 
3. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, 
no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their Affiliates have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform other services for, the Issuer and the Guarantors and their Affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]]
4.  
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Use of Proceeds: 
[      ] / [The Issuer intends to apply an amount 
equal to the net proceeds from this issue of 
Notes to finance or re-finance certain projects 
and activities that promote environmental, 
social, governance, sustainable or green 
purposes.]  
(Only required if the use of proceeds is 
different from that stated in the Base 
Prospectus) 
(If the Notes are specified to be “ESG Notes”, 
describe the relevant Eligible Green Projects 
to which the net proceeds of the Notes will be

--- Page 85 ---
586291846 
85 
 
applied or make reference to the relevant 
bond framework and/or section of the 
Framework setting out the criteria identifying 
Eligible Green Projects to which the net 
proceeds of the Notes will be applied). 
(Applicable only in the case of securities to be 
classified as “ESG Notes”. If not applicable, 
delete this paragraph.) 
[●] 
[Further details on Eligible Green Projects are 
included in the Green Finance Framework 
available to view at https://ce.goodman.com/-
/media/project/goodman/continental-
europe/files/funds/gep/sustainability/gep-
green-finance-framework.pdf, together with 
the Second Party Opinion available to view at: 
second-party-opinion-sustainalytics.pdf 
(goodman.com).] 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[        ] 
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[ 
] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[ 
] 
 
(iii) 
Any clearing 
system(s) 
other than Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV and Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
number(s): 
 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(v) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[ 
] 
 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all

--- Page 86 ---
586291846 
86 
 
times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
/ [No. While the designation is specified as 
“no” at the date of this Pricing Supplement, 
should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are 
capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
6. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
 
(iii) 
 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[•]   
 
(iv) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s)] 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Additional 
selling 
restrictions: 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
details]
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to 
be relevant for certain structured Notes, such 
as commodity-linked Notes) 
 
(viii)       Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable] (If the Notes clearly do not 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Not 
Applicable” should be specified.) 
[Applicable] (If the Notes may constitute 
“packaged” products and no key information

--- Page 87 ---
586291846 
87 
 
document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
 
(viii)     Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Not Applicable] (If the Notes do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
[Applicable] (If the Notes may constitute 
“Packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepated, “Applicable” 
should be specified).

--- Page 88 ---
586291846 
88 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Note and each Definitive Note (each as defined below), in the latter case only 
if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such 
Definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The 
applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes may, in the case of an Exempt Note, 
specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and 
Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and Definitive Note. Reference 
should be made to “Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which 
will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
On 8 December 2023 GELF Management (Lux) S.à r.l. changed its name to Goodman Funds 
Management (Lux) S.à r.l. and references in the following Terms and Conditions of the Notes to 
GELF Management (Lux) S.à r.l. shall be construed as references to Goodman Funds 
Management (Lux) S.à r.l. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by GELF Bond Issuer I S.A., a 
public limited liability company (société anonyme), having its registered office at 5, rue de 
Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered with the 
Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés 
Luxembourg) under number B 173 090 (the “Issuer”) constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust 
Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) 
dated 28 March 2023 made between the Issuer, GELF Management (Lux) S.à r.l. (the 
“Management Company”, which expression shall include any successor management 
company appointed under the management regulations of GEP (as defined below)), in its 
capacity as a Luxembourg management company acting for the account of Goodman European 
Logistics Fund FCP-FIS, a Luxembourg fonds commun de placement (“GEP”), GELF European 
Holdings (Lux) S.à r.l.. (“GEH”), and GELF Investments (Lux) S.à r.l.. (“GIS”) as guarantors 
(each of the Management Company (in its capacity as a Luxembourg management company 
acting for the account of GEP), GEH and GIS an “Original Guarantor” and together, the 
“Original Guarantors”) and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”, which 
expression shall include any successor as Trustee). The expressions “Guarantor” and 
“Guarantors” shall mean the Original Guarantors together with any member of the Group (as 
defined in Condition 4) which becomes a Guarantor pursuant to Condition 3.4 but shall not 
include any member of the Group which has ceased to be a Guarantor pursuant to Condition 
3.3. The expression “Obligor” means the Issuer or a Guarantor and the expression “Obligors” 
means the Issuer and the Guarantors together. 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall 
mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each 
Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; and

--- Page 89 ---
586291846 
89 
 
(c) 
any Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Notes”) issued in exchange for a Global Note.  
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the 
benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement") dated 28 
March 2023 and made between the Obligors, the Trustee, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the “Agent”, which expression shall 
include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) or, if this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market 
in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the EU Prospectus Regulation (an “Exempt Note”), the final terms for this Note 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement attached to 
or endorsed on this Note which complete the Conditions and which may specify other terms and 
conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the Conditions, 
replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. In the case of Exempt Notes, 
references in the Conditions to “Final Terms” shall be deemed to be references to “Pricing 
Supplement”, so far as the context admits. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, 
unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached 
to or endorsed on this Note. The expression “EU Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council (as amended or superseded). 
Interest-bearing Definitive Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of 
Definitive Notes which, when issued, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons 
for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or 
talons respectively. Exempt Notes which are Definitive Notes and which are repayable in 
instalments have receipts (“Receipts”) for the payment of the instalments of principal (other 
than the final instalment) attached on issue. Global Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or 
Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the “Noteholders”, 
which expression shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as 
provided below), the holders of the Receipts (the “Receiptholders”) and the holders of the 
Coupons (the “Couponholders”, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, 
include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further 
Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single 
series and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except 
for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement: (i) are available for inspection during 
normal business hours at the registered office for the time being of the Trustee being at 21

--- Page 90 ---
586291846 
90 
 
Moorfields, London, EC2Y 9DB, United Kingdom and at the specified office of each of the Paying 
Agents; or (ii) may be made available to Noteholders (upon request and satisfactory proof of 
holding) via email by the Trustee and Paying Agent (as applicable). If the Notes are to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable 
Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(https://www.luxse.com/). If this Note is an Exempt Note, the applicable Final Terms will only be 
obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding 
of such Notes and identity. The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, 
the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The 
statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions 
of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the 
applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the 
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail 
and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, “euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of Definitive Notes, serially numbered, in 
the currency (the “Specified Currency”) and the denominations (the “Specified 
Denomination(s)”) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be (i) a Fixed Rate Note or a Floating 
Rate Note or a combination of the foregoing or (ii) a Zero Coupon Note, depending upon 
the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be (i) a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate 
Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest 
Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown 
in the applicable Final Terms and/or (ii) an Index Linked Redemption Note, an Instalment 
Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not 
applicable.

--- Page 91 ---
586291846 
91 
 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
The Obligors, the Paying Agents and the Trustee will (except as otherwise required by 
law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Receipt or Coupon as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing 
thereon, or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case 
of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who 
is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the 
nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Obligors, the Paying Agents and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest 
on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Global Note shall be treated by the Obligors, any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with, and subject to, the 
terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of 
Notes” and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. In determining whether 
a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as aforesaid, the 
Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in 
its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information 
and/or certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on 
all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance 
with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference 
to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally 
with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3. 
NOTES GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Notes Guarantee

--- Page 92 ---
586291846 
92 
 
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and all other moneys 
payable by the Issuer under or pursuant to the Trust Deed has been unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis by each of the Guarantors in the 
Trust Deed (the “Notes Guarantee”). 
3.2 
Status of Notes Guarantee 
The obligations of each Guarantor under the Notes Guarantee are direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of such Guarantor and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of such Guarantor, from time to 
time outstanding. 
3.3 
Release of Guarantor 
The Issuer may by written notice to the Trustee signed by two directors of the Issuer 
request that a Guarantor (other than the Original Guarantors) cease to be a Guarantor 
if such Guarantor is no longer providing a Guarantee in respect of any Financial 
Indebtedness of the Issuer or of any other member of the Group (other than a Non- 
Recourse Subsidiary). Upon the Trustee’s receipt of such notice, such Guarantor (a 
“Former Guarantor”) shall automatically and irrevocably be released and relieved of 
any obligation under the Notes Guarantee. Such notice must also contain the following 
certifications: 
(A) 
no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
has occurred and is continuing or will result from the release of that Guarantor; 
(B) 
no part of the Financial Indebtedness in respect of which that Guarantor is or 
was providing a Guarantee is at that time due and payable but unpaid; and 
(C) 
such Guarantor is not (or will cease to be simultaneously with such release) 
providing a Guarantee in respect of any other Financial Indebtedness of the 
Issuer or of any other member of the Group (other than a Non-Recourse 
Subsidiary). 
If a Former Guarantor subsequently provides a Guarantee in respect of any other 
Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer and/or of any other member of the Group (other 
than a Non-Recourse Subsidiary) which is (singly or in aggregate with other Guarantees 
provided by that entity) in excess of €10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
at any time subsequent to the date on which it is released from the Notes Guarantee as 
described above, such Former Guarantor will be required to provide a guarantee in the 
circumstances described in Condition 3.4. 
As used herein, “Guarantee” means, in respect of any Financial Indebtedness, any 
guarantee or indemnity given in respect of such Financial Indebtedness. 
3.4 
Additional Guarantors

--- Page 93 ---
586291846 
93 
 
If at any time after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes, any member of the 
Group (other than the Issuer or any Guarantor) provides, or at the time a Person 
becomes a member of the Group is providing, a Guarantee in respect of any Financial 
Indebtedness of the Issuer and/or of any other member of the Group (other than a Non- 
Recourse Subsidiary) which is (singly or in aggregate with other Guarantees provided 
by that entity) in excess of €10,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), the 
Issuer and the Guarantors covenant that they shall procure that such member of the 
Group or such Person, as the case may be, shall execute and deliver a supplemental 
trust deed to the Trustee at the same time as (i) such Guarantee is provided; or (ii) the 
date such Person so becomes a member of the Group and is providing such Guarantee, 
such supplemental trust deed to be in a form and with substance reasonably satisfactory 
to the Trustee, and accompanied by such opinion(s) as the Trustee shall reasonably 
require pursuant to which such member of the Group or such Person, as the case may 
be, (each an “Additional Guarantor”) shall guarantee the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes and the Trust Deed on terms mutatis mutandis as the Notes 
Guarantee including, but not limited to, such guarantee being joint and several. Each of 
the Original Guarantors has in the Trust Deed confirmed and, in the case of an 
Additional Guarantor, such Additional Guarantor will confirm in the supplemental trust 
deed pursuant to which it becomes a Guarantor, that it has consented to any such entity 
becoming a Guarantor as aforesaid without any need for it to execute any supplemental 
trust deed. 
3.5 
Notice of change of Guarantors 
Notice of any release of a Guarantor or addition of a Guarantor pursuant to this 
Condition will be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Definitions: 
In the Conditions: 
“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed; 
(b) 
any acceptance credit (including any dematerialised equivalent); 
(c) 
any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument; 
(d) 
any agreement treated as a finance or capital lease in accordance with GAAP; 
(e) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they 
are sold on a non-recourse basis); 
(f) 
any derivative transaction protecting against or benefiting from fluctuations in 
any rate or price (and, except for non-payment of an amount, the then mark-to- 
market value of the derivative transaction will be used to calculate its amount);

--- Page 94 ---
586291846 
94 
 
(g) 
any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) which 
has the commercial effect of a borrowing; 
(h) 
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of any guarantee, indemnity, bond, 
letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; 
or 
(i) 
any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any 
person in respect of any item referred to in the above paragraphs, 
(j) 
but excluding any such obligations which are to any other member of the Group. 
“GAAP” means, in relation to any Obligor, any Material Subsidiary or any Non-Recourse 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, generally accepted accounting principles in its 
jurisdiction of incorporation including IFRS; 
“IFRS” means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European 
Union within the meaning of Regulation 1606/2002 (as amended by Regulation 
297/2008); and 
“Non-Recourse Subsidiary” means a Subsidiary of GEP: 
(A) 
which has outstanding Financial Indebtedness to a person other than a 
Noteholder, the Issuer, GEP or a Subsidiary of GEP; 
(B) 
which has no claim on GEP, the Issuer or any other Subsidiary of GEP unless 
that other Subsidiary is also a Non-Recourse Subsidiary; and 
(C) 
no creditor in respect of which has any claim on GEP, the Issuer or any other 
Subsidiary of GEP unless that other Subsidiary is also a Non-Recourse 
Subsidiary. 
4. 
FINANCIAL COVENANTS 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the 
Obligors must ensure that: 
Interest Cover 
Actual Interest Cover in respect of any Measurement Period is not less than 1.50:1.00; 
Gearing 
Consolidated Total Net Borrowings do not at any time exceed 60 per cent. of 
Consolidated Total Assets; and 
Priority debt

--- Page 95 ---
586291846 
95 
 
Consolidated Priority Borrowings do not at any time exceed 30 per cent. of Consolidated 
Total Assets. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, changes to the accounting treatment of operating 
leases from 1 January 2019 resulting from IFRS 16 shall be disregarded and the 
calculation of each financial covenant above shall be conducted on a pre-IFRS 16 basis. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
“Actual Interest Cover” means, in respect of any Measurement Period, the ratio of 
Consolidated EBITDA for that Measurement Period to Consolidated Finance Costs for 
that Measurement Period; 
“Consolidated EBIT” means, in relation to a Measurement Period, the aggregate of: 
(A) 
the Net Property Income less Total Expenses of the Group (excluding the results 
from discontinued operations) before finance costs and tax for that 
Measurement Period; and 
(B) 
(to the extent not already accounted for) plus or minus the Group’s share of the 
profits or losses of associates for that period (after finance costs and tax) and 
the Group’s share of the profits or losses of any joint ventures; 
adjusted by: 
(i) 
taking no account of any Exceptional Item; and 
(ii) 
taking no account of any unrealised gains or losses on any derivative instrument 
or foreign exchange transaction (other than any derivative instrument which is 
accounted for on a hedge accounting basis) which is reported through the 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income; 
“Consolidated EBITDA” means, in relation to a Measurement Period, Consolidated 
EBIT for that Measurement Period after adding back any depreciation and amortisation 
and taking no account of any charge for impairment or any reversal of any previous 
impairment charge made in the period; 
“Consolidated Eligible Cash and Cash Equivalents” means, at any time: 
(A) 
cash in hand or on deposit with any acceptable bank; 
(B) 
certificates of deposit, maturing within one year after the relevant date of 
calculation, issued by an acceptable bank; 
(C) 
Sterling bills of exchange eligible for rediscount at the Bank of England and 
accepted by an acceptable bank (or any dematerialised equivalent); 
(D) 
investments accessible within 30 days in money market funds which:

--- Page 96 ---
586291846 
96 
 
(i) 
have a credit rating of either A-1 or higher by S&P or Fitch or P-1 or 
higher by Moody’s; and 
(ii) 
invest substantially all their assets in securities of the types described 
in paragraphs (b) and (c) above; or 
(E) 
any other debt, security or investment approved by an Extraordinary Resolution,  
in each case, to which any member of the Group is beneficially entitled at that time and 
which is capable of being applied against Consolidated Total Borrowings. For this 
purpose an “acceptable bank” is a commercial bank or trust company which has a 
rating of A or higher by S&P or Fitch or A2 or higher by Moody’s or a comparable rating 
from a nationally recognised credit rating agency for its long-term unsecured and non-
credit enhanced debt obligations or has been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
“Consolidated Finance Costs” means, in relation to a Measurement Period, all finance 
costs (whether paid, payable or added to principal) incurred by any member of the 
Group during that period calculated on a consolidated basis; 
“Consolidated Priority Borrowings” means, without double counting, the aggregate 
of those liabilities constituting (and calculated in accordance with) Consolidated Total 
Borrowings which are: 
(A) 
secured by way of a Security Interest over any assets of any member of the 
Group; or 
(B) 
owed by any member of the Group that is not an Obligor; 
“Consolidated Total Assets” means, at any time, the aggregate value of all assets of 
the Group calculated on the basis of the values that would be attributed to those assets 
in a consolidated statement of financial position of GEP drawn up at that time but 
excluding: 
(A) 
Consolidated Eligible Cash and Cash Equivalents; and 
(B) 
any asset arising as a result of the fair valuing of any financial instrument; 
“Consolidated Total Borrowings” means, in respect of the Group, at any time, the 
aggregate of the following liabilities calculated at the nominal, principal or other amount 
at which the liabilities would be carried in a consolidated statement of financial position 
of GEP drawn up at that time (or in the case of any guarantee, indemnity or similar 
assurance referred to in paragraph (i) below, the maximum liability under the relevant 
instrument): 
(A) 
any moneys borrowed; 
(B) 
any redeemable preference shares;

--- Page 97 ---
586291846 
97 
 
(C) 
any acceptance under any acceptance credit (including any dematerialised 
equivalent); 
(D) 
any bond, note, debenture, loan stock or other similar instrument; 
(E) 
any indebtedness under a finance or capital lease; 
(F) 
any moneys owing in connection with the sale or discounting of receivables 
(except to the extent that there is no recourse); 
(G) 
any indebtedness arising from any deferred payment agreements arranged 
primarily as a method of raising finance or financing the acquisition of an asset; 
(H) 
any indebtedness arising in connection with any other transaction (including any 
forward sale or purchase agreement) which has the commercial effect of a 
borrowing; and 
(I) 
any indebtedness of any person of a type referred to in the above paragraphs 
which is the subject of a guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against 
financial loss given by a member of the Group; 
“Consolidated Total Net Borrowings” means at any time Consolidated Total 
Borrowings less Consolidated Eligible Cash and Cash Equivalents; 
“Exceptional Item” means any material item of income or expense that represents: 
(A) 
any gain or loss arising from: 
(i) 
write-downs of inventories to net realisable value or of property, plant 
and equipment to recoverable amount, and reversals of such write- 
downs; 
(ii) 
restructuring the activities of the Group and any reversals of any 
provision for the costs of restructuring; 
(iii) 
the carrying out of any structural alterations, additions, development or 
similar operation; 
(iv) 
disposals of property, plant or equipment; 
(v) 
disposals of investments; or 
(vi) 
disposals or settlements of liabilities of any member of the Group that 
fall within the definition of Consolidated Total Borrowings; or 
(B) 
any gain of a highly unusual or non-recurring nature; or 
(C) 
any gain or loss arising from a transaction entered into otherwise than in the 
carrying on of the normal core business operations of the Group;

--- Page 98 ---
586291846 
98 
 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Limited or any of its successors; 
“Group” means the Management Company acting for and on behalf of GEP and its 
Subsidiaries; 
“Measurement Period” means each period of 12 months ending on a Quarterly Test 
Date; 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Deutschland GmbH or any of their respective successors; 
“Net Property Income” is the amount identified with that heading in the consolidated 
financial statements of the Group; 
“Quarterly Test Date” means 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December in 
each year; 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, 
hypothecation or security interest  or any other agreement or arrangement having a 
similar effect; 
“Subsidiary” means an entity of which a person has direct or indirect control or owns 
directly or indirectly more than 50 per cent. of the voting capital or similar right of 
ownership. For the purpose of this definition, control means the power to direct the 
management and the policies of the entity whether through the ownership of voting 
capital, by contract or otherwise; 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or any of its successors; and 
“Total Expenses” is the amount identified with that heading in the consolidated financial 
statements of the Group, adjusted if necessary to reflect performance fees only in 
relation to the period in which they become payable. 
5. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are (i) Fixed Rate Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes or a combination of the foregoing, (ii) Zero Coupon Notes or (iii) in 
the case of Exempt Notes only, whether a different interest basis applies. 
In the case of Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes, the applicable Final Terms 
may also indicate whether the Notes are also Step-up/step-down Notes. 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 5.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only, including, subject to the provisions 
of Condition 5.2, Fixed Rate Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being Step-up/step-down Notes. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 5.1 and, if applicable, Condition 5.2 for full information on the manner 
in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final

--- Page 99 ---
586291846 
99 
 
Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest 
Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any applicable Broken 
Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable 
Determination Date. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable 
in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date. 
In the case of Definitive Notes, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed 
Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Definitive Notes where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated 
in respect of any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(A) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by 
such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid 
up); or 
(B) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by Definitive Notes, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note 
which is represented by a Definitive Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5.1: 
(A) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none,

--- Page 100 ---
586291846 
100 
 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant 
payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number 
of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(a) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(b) 
 the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(B) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
period from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date 
(such number of days being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 
12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In the Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date 
to (but excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest 
Commencement Date or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, 
the period commencing on the first Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first 
Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with 
respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Step-up/step-down Notes 
This Condition 5.2 applies to Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes which are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Step-up/step-down Notes. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes which are Step-up/step-down Notes will be 
the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Initial Rate of

--- Page 101 ---
586291846 
101 
 
Interest shall be subject to adjustment (each such adjustment, a “Fixed Rate 
Adjustment”) in the event of a Step-up Rating Change (if any) or a subsequent Step-
down Rating Change (if any), as the case may be, in accordance with the following 
provisions. Any Fixed Rate Adjustment shall apply in respect of the Fixed Interest Period 
commencing on the Interest Payment Date falling on or immediately following the date 
of the relevant Step-up Rating Change or Step-down Rating Change, as the case may 
be, until either a further Fixed Rate Adjustment becomes effective or the date of 
redemption, as the case may be. 
For any Fixed Interest Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date 
immediately following the date of a Step-up Rating Change, if any, the Rate of Interest 
shall be increased by the Step-up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event that a Step-down Rating Change occurs after the date of a Step-up Rating 
Change (or on the same date but subsequent thereto), then for any Fixed Interest Period 
commencing on the first Interest Payment Date following the date of such Step-down 
Rating Change, the Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
Floating Rate Notes 
The Margin for Floating Rate Notes which are Step-up/step-down Notes will be the 
Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Margin shall be subject to 
adjustment (each such adjustment, a “Floating Rate Adjustment”) in the event of a 
Step-up Rating Change (if any) or a subsequent Step-down Rating Change (if any), as 
the case may be, in accordance with the following provisions. Any Floating Rate 
Adjustment shall apply in respect of the Interest Period commencing on the Interest 
Payment Date falling on or immediately following the date of the relevant Step-up Rating 
Change or Step-down Rating Change, as the case may be, until either a further Floating 
Rate Adjustment becomes effective or the date of redemption, as the case may be. 
For any Interest Period commencing on or after the first Interest Payment Date 
immediately following the date of a Step-up Rating Change, if any, the Margin shall be 
increased by the Step-up Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the event that a Step-down Rating Change occurs after the date of a Step-up Rating 
Change (or on the same date but subsequent thereto), then for any Interest Period 
commencing on the first Interest Payment Date following the date of such Step-down 
Rating Change, the Margin shall be the Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
General 
The Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain credit ratings for Notes issued, or 
to be issued, by it from each of Moody’s and S&P (as defined in Condition 4). In the 
event that either Moody’s or S&P fails to or ceases to assign a rating to Notes issued, 
or to be issued, by the Issuer, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain a rating 
of Notes issued, or to be issued, by it from a Substitute Rating Agency (as defined in 
Condition 7.5), and references in this Condition 5.2 to Moody’s or S&P, as the case may 
be, or the ratings thereof, shall be to such Substitute Rating Agency or, as the case may 
be, the equivalent ratings thereof. In the event that such a rating is not obtained from a

--- Page 102 ---
586291846 
102 
 
Substitute Rating Agency, then, for the purposes of the foregoing adjustments to the 
Rate of Interest or the Margin (as applicable), the ratings assigned by the remaining 
Rating Agency (as defined in Condition 7.5) shall be deemed also to be the ratings 
assigned by the other Rating Agency. 
In the event that both Moody’s and S&P fail to or cease to assign a rating to Notes 
issued, or to be issued, by the Issuer and the Issuer fails to obtain a rating of Notes 
issued, or to be issued, by it from a Substitute Rating Agency, a Step-up Rating Change 
will be deemed to have occurred on the date of such failure. If a rating of Notes issued, 
or to be issued, by the Issuer is subsequently assigned by one or more Rating Agencies, 
then if such rating (or ratings if more than one) is at least Baa3, in the case of Moody’s, 
or at least BBB-, in the case of S&P, or the equivalent ratings in the case of a Substitute 
Rating Agency, a Step-down Rating Change will be deemed to have occurred on the 
date of such assignment. 
The Rate of Interest or the Margin (as applicable) will only be subject to adjustment due 
to a Step-up Rating Change or a deemed Step-up Rating Change as provided above 
upon the first occurrence on or after the Interest Commencement Date of a Step-up 
Rating Change and may occur only once. An adjustment to the Rate of Interest or the 
Margin (as applicable) following the occurrence of a Step-down Rating Change or a 
deemed Step-down Rating Change as provided above may only occur once and, in any 
event, only after the occurrence of the Step-up Rating Change. 
The Issuer shall cause each Rating Change (if any) and the applicable Rate of Interest 
or applicable Margin to be notified to the Agent, the Trustee, any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 as soon as practicable after such Rating Change. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Rating Change, or any event 
which could lead to the occurrence of, or could constitute, a Rating Change has 
occurred, and until it has actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the 
contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Rating Change or other such event has 
occurred. 
In the Conditions: 
“Rating Change” means a Step-up Rating Change and/or a Step-down Rating Change; 
“Step-down Rating Change” means (subject as provided above in relation to a deemed 
Step-down Rating Change): 
(i) 
if the Step-up Rating Change occurred due to a public announcement 
by Moody’s of a decrease in the rating of Notes issued, or to be issued, 
by the Issuer to below Baa3 but S&P has not publicly announced a 
decrease in the rating of Notes issued, or to be issued, by the Issuer to 
below BBB-, the first public announcement after the Step-up Rating 
Change by Moody’s of an increase in the rating of Notes issued, or to 
be issued, by the Issuer to at least Baa3;

--- Page 103 ---
586291846 
103 
 
(ii) 
if the Step-up Rating Change occurred due to a public announcement 
by S&P of a decrease in the rating of Notes issued, or to be issued, by 
the Issuer to below BBB- but Moody’s has not publicly announced a 
decrease in the rating of Notes issued, or to be issued, by the Issuer to 
below Baa3, the first public announcement after the Step-up Rating 
Change by S&P of an increase in the rating of Notes issued, or to be 
issued, by the Issuer to at least BBB-; or 
(iii) 
if the Step-up Rating Change occurred due to either: 
(a) 
public announcements by both Moody’s and S&P of a decrease 
in the rating of Notes issued, or to be issued, by the Issuer to 
below Baa3 (in the case of Moody’s) and below BBB- (in the 
case of S&P); or 
(b) 
a public announcement by either Moody’s or S&P of a decrease 
in the rating of the Notes issued, or to be issued, by the Issuer 
to below Baa3 (in the case of Moody’s) and below BBB- (in the 
case of S&P) and the other Rating Agency has, after the 
occurrence of the Step-up Rating Change, publicly announced 
a decrease in the rating of the Notes issued, or to be issued, by 
the Issuer to below Baa3 (in the case of Moody’s) and below 
BBB- (in the case of S&P), 
the first public announcement after the Step-up Rating Change by both 
Moody’s and S&P of an increase in the rating of Notes issued, or to be 
issued, by the Issuer to at least Baa3, in the case of Moody’s, and to at 
least BBB-, in the case of S&P. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any further increases in the credit rating of Notes issued, or 
to be issued, by the Issuer above Baa3, in the case of Moody’s, or above BBB-, in the 
case of S&P, shall not constitute a Step-down Rating Change; and 
“Step-up Rating Change” means, subject as provided above in relation to a deemed 
Step-up Rating Change, the first public announcement by either Moody’s or S&P or both 
of them of a decrease in the rating of Notes issued, or to be issued, by the Issuer to 
below Baa3, in the case of Moody’s, or below BBB-, in the case of S&P. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any further decrease in the credit rating of Notes issued, or to be 
issued, by the Issuer below Baa3, in the case of Moody’s, or below BBB-, in the case of 
S&P, shall not constitute a Step-up Rating Change. 
5.3 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 5.3 applies to Floating Rate Notes only, including, subject to the 
provisions of Condition 5.2, Floating Rate Notes which are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being Step-up/step-down Notes. The applicable Final 
Terms contains provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate

--- Page 104 ---
586291846 
104 
 
interest and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 5.3 and, if 
applicable, Condition 5.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is 
calculated on Floating Rate Notes. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will 
identify any Specified Interest Payment Dates, any Specified Period, the 
Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any Additional 
Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination 
applies to the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of 
interest due if it is not the Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest 
rates and the Day Count Fraction. Where ISDA Determination applies to the 
calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms will also specify the applicable 
Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date. Where Screen Rate 
Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms 
will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) 
and Relevant Screen Page. 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each date (each such date, together with each 
Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment Date”) which 
falls within the number of months or other period specified as the 
Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each “Interest Period”. In the 
Conditions, Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
(B) 
Business Day Convention 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) 
if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an 
Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified is: 
(i) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5.3(A)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, 
such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the 
last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such

--- Page 105 ---
586291846 
105 
 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment 
Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls in the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, “Business Day” means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in each Additional Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Business 
Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans- 
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (known as TARGET or T2) System or any successor 
thereto (the “TARGET System”) is open; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency 
other than euro, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country 
of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be 
Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET System is open 
(a “TARGET Business Day”). 
(C) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Period will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 106 ---
586291846 
106 
 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each relevant Interest Period will, subject to Condition 
5.7, be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (i), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate equal to 
the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent (as applicable) under a swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is the period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest 
Period unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”,“Reset Date”, “Calculation 
Period”, “Compounding Period”, “Calculation Period” and “Payment 
Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.  
The definition of “Fallback Observation Day” in the ISDA Definitions 
shall be deemed deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: 
“‘Fallback Observation Day’ means, in respect of a Reset Date and the 
Calculation Period (or any Compounding Period included in that 
Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise 
agreed, the day that is five Business Days preceding the related 
Payment Date. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
Notwithstanding anything in the ISDA Definitions to the contrary, the 
Agent will have no obligation to exercise any discretion (including in 
determining EURIBOR or any applicable fallback rate), and to the 
extent the ISDA Definitions requires the Agent to exercise any such 
discretion, the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer), will provide 
written direction to the Agent specifying how such discretion should be 
exercised, and the Agent will be entitled to conclusively and without 
liability rely on that direction and will be fully protected if it acts in 
accordance therewith.

--- Page 107 ---
586291846 
107 
 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing 
EURIBOR 
(x) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined and EURIBOR is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the applicable Reference Rate, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject to Condition 5.7 and 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) 
of the offered quotations, (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for EURIBOR which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen 
Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one 
only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
Subject to Condition 5.7, if the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available or if sub-paragraph (x)(1) applies and no such offered 
quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-
paragraph (x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each 
case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, 
the Issuer (or an agent appointed by the Issuer, provided that 
the Issuer shall not appoint the Agent or Calculation Agent (in 
either case, in its capacity as such) for this purpose) shall 
request the principal Eurozone office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for EURIBOR at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date 
in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations plus or minus

--- Page 108 ---
586291846 
108 
 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Agent or Calculation Agent, as 
applicable. 
(z) 
If paragraph (y) above applies and the Issuer determines that 
fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered 
quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant 
Decimal Place) of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to the Agent or Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, at the request of the Issuer (or an agent 
appointed by the Issuer) by the Reference Banks or any two or 
more of them, at which such banks were offered, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, deposits in euro for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for EURIBOR by leading 
banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any) or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Agent or 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with such offered rates, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the offered rate for deposits in euro for 
a period equal to that which would have been used for 
EURIBOR, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in euro for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for EURIBOR, at which, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to 
leading banks in the Eurozone inter-bank market plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to 
be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant 
Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of 
Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(w) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be

--- Page 109 ---
586291846 
109 
 
determined, SONIA is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the applicable Reference Rate and Index Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as not being applicable, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus 
(as indicated in the applicable Final terms) the Margin (if any), 
as determined by the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
on each relevant Interest Determination Date. 
(x) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.3(C)(iii):  
 
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily sterling overnight reference rate as 
the reference rate for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, on 
each relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with 
the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant Decimal Place:  
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴௜ x 𝑛௜
365
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
−1቏x D
𝑑 
 
 where:  
 
 "d" means the number of calendar days in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Observation Method, the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"D" means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, 365); 
"do" means the number of London Banking Days in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Observation Method, the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method, 
the relevant Observation Period;

--- Page 110 ---
586291846 
110 
 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Observation Method, the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such Interest 
Period, or as the case may be, such Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", is the number of calendar 
days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up to, 
but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" London 
Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" London Banking 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so 
specified, five, provided that a number lower than five may only 
be so specified by the Issuer with the prior agreement of the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable) representing a 
number of London Banking Days; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, be the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards; 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London 
Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as

--- Page 111 ---
586291846 
111 
 
otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London 
Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i", the 
SONIA Reference Rate for: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Observation Method, the London Banking Day 
falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the relevant 
London Banking Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Observation Method, the relevant 
London Banking Day "i". 
(y) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day on which an 
applicable SONIA Reference Rate is required to be determined, 
the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, determines that 
the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the 
relevant authorised distributors (or as otherwise provided in the 
relevant definition thereof) or as published on the Bank of 
England’s 
website 
at 
www.bankofengland.co.uk/boeapps/database/ (or such other 
page or website as may replace such page for the purposes of 
publishing the SONIA reference rate), such SONIA Reference 
Rate shall, subject to Condition 5.7, be: 
(1) 
the sum of: (A) the Bank Rate prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; and (B) 
the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate 
to the Bank Rate over the previous five London 
Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has 
been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if 
there is more than one highest spread, one only of 
those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there 
is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of 
England at close of business on the relevant London 
Banking Day, either (A) the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise 
published by the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding London Banking Day on which the 
SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant

--- Page 112 ---
586291846 
112 
 
authorised distributors) or (B) if this is more recent, the 
latest rate determined under paragraph (1) above. 
(z)  
Subject to Condition 5.7, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this 
Condition 5.3(C)(iii), the Rate of Interest shall be (A) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such 
preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of 
Interest which would have been applicable to the Notes for the 
first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(but applying the Margin or any Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
(iv) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
(v)  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, SOFR is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the applicable Reference Rate and Index Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as not being applicable, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), as determined 
by the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, on each 
relevant Interest Determination Date. 
(w)  
For the purposes of this Condition 5.3(C)(iv): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a 
compounded average of daily SOFR, as determined for each 
Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this Condition 5.3(C)(iv). 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, 
means the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
as the interest rate basis for the calculation of interest) 
computed by the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, in 
accordance with the following formula on each Interest 
Determination Date (and the resulting percentage will be

--- Page 113 ---
586291846 
113 
 
rounded, if necessary, to the Relevant Decimal Place): 
 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅௜ x 𝑛௜
365
൰
ௗ೚
௜ୀ ଵ
−1቏x D
𝑑 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Observation Method, the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"D" means the number specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(or, if no such number is specified, 360); 
"do" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Observation Method, the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method, 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each 
representing the relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in: 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Observation Method, the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method, 
the relevant Observation Period,

--- Page 114 ---
586291846 
114 
 
to and including the last U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in such Interest Period or, as the case may be, 
such Observation Period; 
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" is 
the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
"Observation Period" in respect of an Interest Period means 
the period from, and including, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day in 
such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such 
earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable); 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the whole number 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number 
is so specified, five, provided that a number lower than five 
may only be so specified by the Issuer with the prior 
agreement of the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable) representing a number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days; 
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, be the seventh decimal place, 
with 0.00000005 being rounded upwards; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, means: 
(i)  
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at the SOFR Determination Time;  
(ii)  
subject to Condition 5.3(C)(iv)(x) below, if the rate 
specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as published in respect of 
the first preceding U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day for which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; 
"SOFRi" means, in respect of any U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i", the SOFR for:

--- Page 115 ---
586291846 
115 
 
(i)  
where "Lag" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Observation Method, the U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; or 
(ii)  
where "Observation Shift" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method, 
the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day "i"; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York (or a successor administrator of the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate); 
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the 
SOFR Administrator, or any successor source;  
“SOFR Determination 
Time” 
means, for any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, 3:00 p.m. (New York 
time) on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day; and 
(x)  
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference 
Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Floating Rate Notes in respect of all 
determinations on such date and for all determinations on all 
subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to 
make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from 
time to time, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee, the Agent and the 
Calculation Agent shall (at the expense and direction of the 
Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to use 
reasonable endeavours to effect such consequential 
amendments to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and 
the Conditions as the Issuer determines and certifies (upon 
which certification the Trustee, the Agent and the Calculation 
Agent may rely without enquiry or liability) to the Trustee, the 
Agent and the Calculation Agent may be appropriate in order 
to give effect to this Condition 5.3(C)(iv) and neither the 
Trustee, the Agent nor the Calculation Agent shall be liable to 
any party for any consequence thereof. Neither Noteholder

--- Page 116 ---
586291846 
116 
 
nor Couponholder consent shall be required in connection 
with the execution of any documents, amendments or other 
steps taken by the Trustee and/or the Agents (if required). 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 
5.3(C)(iv), the Trustee, the Agent and the Calculation Agent 
shall not be obliged to agree to or implement any such 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes if the same 
would, in the sole opinion of the Trustee, the Agent and/or the 
Calculation Agent (as applicable), have the effect of imposing 
more onerous obligations upon it or exposing it to any 
additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities against which it 
has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction or reducing or amending the rights and/or 
the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee the Agent 
and/or Calculation Agent (as applicable) in the Conditions, the 
Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed or 
supplemental agency agreement) in any way. 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by 
the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.3(C)(iv)(x), including 
any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment 
or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from 
taking any action or any selection: 
(i) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error; 
(ii)  
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and 
(iii)  
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the 
documentation relating to the Floating Rate Notes, 
shall become effective without consent from the 
Noteholders, Couponholders or any other party. 
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such 
term is defined above; provided that if the Issuer determines 
on or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the 
published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the 
then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the 
applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set 
forth in the order below that can be determined by the Issuer 
as of the Benchmark Replacement Date:

--- Page 117 ---
586291846 
117 
 
(i)  
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has 
been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-
current 
Benchmark 
and 
(B) 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; 
(ii)  
the sum of: (A) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (B) the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(iii)  
the sum of: (A) the alternate rate of interest that has 
been selected by the Issuer as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to 
any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (B) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first 
alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined 
by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date: 
(i)  
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, (which may be 
a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected 
or 
recommended 
by 
the 
Relevant 
Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted 
Benchmark Replacement; 
(ii)  
if 
the 
applicable 
Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(iii)  
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that has been selected by the 
Issuer giving due consideration to any industry-
accepted 
spread 
adjustment, 
or 
method 
for 
calculating or determining such spread adjustment, 
for the replacement of the then-current Benchmark 
with 
the 
applicable 
Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating 
rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, 
with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, 
administrative or operational changes (including changes to 
the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts, and other 
administrative matters) that the Issuer decides may be

--- Page 118 ---
586291846 
118 
 
appropriate to reflect the adoption of such Benchmark 
Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion 
of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Issuer determines that no market practice for use of the 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the 
Issuer determines is reasonably necessary); 
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur 
of the following events with respect to the then-current 
Benchmark (including the daily published component used in 
the calculation thereof): 
(i)  
in the case of clause (i) or (ii) of the definition of 
"Benchmark Transition Event" the later of (a) the date 
of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or 
indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or 
(ii)  
in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of 
"Benchmark Transition Event" the date of the public 
statement or publication of information referenced 
therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the 
Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, 
but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be 
deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such 
determination; 
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of 
one or more of the following events with respect to the then-
current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof): 
(i)  
a public statement or publication of information by or 
on behalf of the administrator of the Benchmark (or 
such component) announcing that such administrator 
has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark 
(or such component), permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component); or

--- Page 119 ---
586291846 
119 
 
(ii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the 
administrator 
for 
the 
Benchmark 
(or 
such 
component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such 
component) or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency 
or 
resolution 
authority 
over 
the 
administrator 
for 
the 
Benchmark 
(or 
such 
component), which states that the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will 
cease to provide the Benchmark (or such component) 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(iii)  
a public statement or publication of information by the 
regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that the 
Benchmark (or such component) is no longer 
representative; 
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment 
(which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that would 
apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for 
derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be 
effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with 
respect to the Benchmark excluding the applicable ISDA 
Fallback Adjustment; 
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the 
Benchmark means (i) if the Benchmark is Compounded 
SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined 
by the Issuer after giving effect to the Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes; 
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve 
Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a 
committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
or any successor thereto; and

--- Page 120 ---
586291846 
120 
 
"Unadjusted 
Benchmark 
Replacement" 
means 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement 
excluding 
the 
Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment. 
(y)  
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under 
Condition 5.3(C)(iv)(x) above will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Trustee, the Agent, the Calculation Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on 
which such changes take effect. 
No later than notifying the Trustee, the Agent and the 
Calculation Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Trustee, the Agent and the Calculation Agent a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer stating: 
(i)  
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Transition Event has 
occurred, (y) the relevant Benchmark Replacement 
and, 
(z) 
where 
applicable, 
any 
Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or the specific terms of 
any relevant Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes, in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 5.3(C)(iv); and 
(ii)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes are appropriate to ensure the 
proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement 
and/or Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
The Trustee, the Agent and the Calculation Agent shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability) 
as sufficient evidence thereof. 
If, in the case of any Benchmark Transition Event, Benchmark 
Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes which are 
notified to the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
pursuant to this Condition 5.3(C)(iv), the Agent or Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, is in any way uncertain as to the 
application of such Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment and/or Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes in the calculation or determination of the 
Rate of Interest for future Interest Periods, it shall promptly 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Agent 
or Calculation Agent, as applicable, in writing as to which 
course of action to adopt in the application of such Benchmark 
Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and/or

--- Page 121 ---
586291846 
121 
 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes in the 
determination of such Rate of Interest and the Agent or 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, may rely on such direction 
(without enquiry or liability). If the Agent or Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, is not promptly provided with such direction, or 
is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination 
for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Agent 
or Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall 
not incur any liability for not doing so. 
If the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance 
with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.3(C)(iv), the 
Rate of Interest shall be (A) that determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from 
that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding 
Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to the Notes for the first Interest 
Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in 
duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but 
applying the Margin applicable to the first Interest Period or 
any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
first Interest Period). 
(v) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
Compounded Index or SOFR Compounded Index  
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
either SONIA or SOFR and Index Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will be the compounded daily reference rate for the 
relevant Interest Period, calculated in accordance with the following 
formula on the relevant Interest Determination Date: 
൬𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡−1൰ 𝑥 𝐷
𝑑 
and rounded to the Relevant Decimal Place, plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined and 
calculated by the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, where:

--- Page 122 ---
586291846 
122 
 
“Benchmark Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.7; 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 5.3(C)(iv); 
“Benchmark Transition Event” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 5.3(C)(iv); 
“Compounded Daily SONIA” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
5.3(C)(iii); 
"Compounded Index" shall mean the SONIA Compounded Index 
(where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being SONIA) or the SOFR Compounded Index (where the Reference 
Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SOFR), as the 
case may be; 
"Compounded Index End" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling “p” Index Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or such 
other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which 
by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded 
from such Interest Period); 
"Compounded Index Start" means, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the relevant Compounded Index value on the day falling “p” Index Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period; 
"d" is the number of calendar days from (and including) the day on 
which the relevant Compounded Index Start is determined to (but 
excluding) the day on which the relevant Compounded Index End is 
determined; 
"D" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 365 and, in 
the case of the SOFR Compounded Index, 360, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Index Days" means, in the case of the SONIA Compounded Index, 
London Banking Days, and, in the case of the SOFR Compounded 
Index, U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"p" means, for any Interest Period, the whole number specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is so specified, five, 
provided that a number lower than five shall only be so specified by the

--- Page 123 ---
586291846 
123 
 
Issuer with the prior agreement of the Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable) representing a number of Index Days;  
"Relevant Decimal Place" shall, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, be the fifth decimal place (with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards), provided that a number of decimal places lower than 
five may not be specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"SOFR Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SOFR 
rate as published at 3.00 p.m. (New York time) by Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of SOFR) on the 
website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor 
source; and 
"SONIA Compounded Index" means the Compounded Daily SONIA 
rate as published at 10.00 a.m. (London time) by the Bank of England 
(or a successor administrator of SONIA) on the Bank of England's 
Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source. 
Provided that a Benchmark Event has not occurred in respect of SONIA 
or a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date has not occurred in respect of SOFR, as the case 
may be, if, with respect to any Interest Period, the relevant rate is not 
published for the relevant Compounded Index either on the relevant 
Compounded Index Start or Compounded Index End date, then the 
Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall calculate the rate of 
interest for that Interest Period as if Index Determination was specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as not being applicable, and in each case 
Observation Shift had been specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the Observation Method and where, in the case of Compounded Daily 
SONIA, the Relevant Screen Page will be determined by the Issuer. For 
the avoidance of doubt, if a Benchmark Event has occurred in respect 
of SONIA, the provisions of Condition 5.7 shall apply and if a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred in respect of SOFR, the provisions of Condition 
5.3(C)(iv) shall apply. 
(D) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period, determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii), 
(iii), (iv) or (v) above (as applicable), is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any 
Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii),

--- Page 124 ---
586291846 
124 
 
(iii), (iv) or (v) above (as applicable) is greater than such Maximum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum 
Rate of Interest. 
(E) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, at or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the 
relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global 
Note, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes 
represented by such Global Note (or, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the 
aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by Definitive 
Notes, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, 
and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is represented by a 
Definitive Note is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount (determined 
in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, 
without any further rounding. 
(F) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of 
which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available 
for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the

--- Page 125 ---
586291846 
125 
 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable,  shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the 
period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(G) 
Determination and notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest 
Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and 
notice thereof to be published, in accordance with Condition 14, as soon as 
possible after their determination, but in no event later than the fourth London 
Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified 
may 
subsequently 
be 
amended 
(or 
appropriate 
alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14. For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression “London 
Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
In the case of the Floating Rate Notes where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined (other than where EURIBOR is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the applicable Reference Rate) and which become 
due and payable otherwise than on an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be:  
(i) 
if the Floating Rate Notes become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 10, the date on which such Floating Rate Notes became due 
and payable; or  
(ii)  
in any other case, the date falling “p” London Banking Days (where the 
Reference Rate is SONIA) or “p” U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days (where the Reference Rate is SOFR), as the case may be, prior 
to the date on which the Notes become due and payable,  
and the Rate of Interest on such Floating Rate Notes shall, for so long as any 
such Floating Rate Note remains outstanding, be that determined on such date 
and as if (solely for the purpose of such interest determination) the relevant 
Interest Period and Observation Period (if applicable) had been shortened 
accordingly.  
(H) 
Certificates to be final

--- Page 126 ---
586291846 
126 
 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes 
of the provisions of this Condition 5.3 by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable,  shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Obligors, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default and 
bad faith) no liability to the Obligors, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable,  
or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.4 
Exempt Notes 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also 
Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest 
Notes the provisions of Condition 5.3 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable 
Final Terms, apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Agent 
were references to Index Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, 
and provided further that the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of 
Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the 
same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Notes), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes 
and otherwise as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
5.5 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such 
Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment 
of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to 
accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in 
respect of such Note has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders as provided in the Trust Deed. 
5.6 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms 
shall have the meanings set out below: 
“Bank Rate” means the Bank of England's Bank Rate; 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 127 ---
586291846 
127 
 
“Business Day Convention” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on 
any Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but 
excluding the last) (whether or not constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation 
Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual - ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap 
year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an 
Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 128 ---
586291846 
128 
 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 
and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + (D2 −D1) 
360
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 129 ---
586291846 
129 
 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30;  
“Eurozone” means the region comprised of member states of the European 
Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing 
the European Community, as amended; 
“Floating Rate Business Day Convention” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 5.3; 
“Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 5.3; 
“Initial Rate of Interest” means the initial rate of interest per annum specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.3(E); 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and 
Interest Period, (i) the date falling "p" London Banking Days (where the 
Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being SONIA) and 
the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days (where the 
Reference Rate is SOFR), as the case may be, prior to the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period or (ii) (where the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) 
the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the 
day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period; 
“Interest Payment Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.3; 
“Interest Period” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.3; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as amended or 
supplemented, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“ISDA Determination” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.3;

--- Page 130 ---
586291846 
130 
 
“ISDA Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.3; 
“Margin” has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” has the meaning given to it 
in Condition 5.3; 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 5.3; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect 
of this Note and that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the 
applicable Final Terms, in each case subject to Condition 5.7; 
“Reference Banks” means the principal Eurozone office of four major banks in 
the Eurozone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer (or by an 
agent of the Issuer) and notified to the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
or as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR in each case (and if 
applicable) for the relevant period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other 
part of a particular information service as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Screen Rate Determination” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.3; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
“TARGET System” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.3(B); and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association (or any successor thereto) recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes 
of trading in U.S. government securities. 
5.7 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
The Issuer shall apply the following provisions other than in the case of an Interest 
Period for Floating Rate Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being SOFR, and notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of 
this Condition 5. 
(A) 
Independent Adviser

--- Page 131 ---
586291846 
131 
 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to advise the Issuer 
in determining  a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 5.7(B)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.7(D)) for the 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.7). In 
making such determination, the Issuer shall act in good faith. In the absence of 
bad faith or fraud, the Issuer shall have no liability whatsoever to the Trustee, 
the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it, pursuant to this Condition 5.7. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, (ii) the Issuer fails 
to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, in each 
case together with an Adjustment Spread, in accordance with this Condition 
5.7(A) or Condition 5.7(B) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or 
(iii) the Issuer determines that there is neither a Successor Rate nor an 
Alternative Rate, in each case the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be determined in accordance with Condition 
5.3 and Condition 5.2 (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph shall 
apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent 
Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment 
as provided in, the first paragraph of this Condition 5.7(A). 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines 
that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the 
applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.7); 
or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof)

--- Page 132 ---
586291846 
132 
 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 5.7). 
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
The applicable Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for 
determining the Adjustment Spread) shall be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in either case, the applicable 
Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 5.7 and the 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that 
amendments to the Conditions, the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread or to 
follow established market practice in respect of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (any such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, 
then the Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 5.7(E), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, to vary the Conditions, 
the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee and the Agent 
of a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5.7(E), 
the Trustee and the Agent shall (at the expense and direction of the Issuer), 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or 
Couponholders, be obliged to use reasonable endeavours to effect any 
Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed 
supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement) 
and the Trustee shall not be liable for any consequence thereof. 
Notwithstanding the above, none of the Trustee, the Agent and the Calculation 
Agent shall be obliged to agree to any amendments which, in the sole opinion 
of the Trustee, the Agent and/or the Calculation Agent (as applicable), would 
have the effect of imposing more onerous obligations upon it or exposing it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities against which it has not been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or reducing or 
amending the rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Trustee the 
Agent and/or Calculation Agent (as applicable) in the Conditions, the Trust Deed 
or the Agency Agreement (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental trust deed or supplemental agency agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.7(D), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.

--- Page 133 ---
586291846 
133 
 
(E) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5.7 will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee and the Agent of the same, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee and the Agent a certificate signed by two directors of the 
Issuer: 
(i) 
confirming (a) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (b) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (c) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and (d) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 5.7; and 
(ii) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread or to follow 
established market practice in respect of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
The Trustee and the Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without 
liability to any person and without any obligation to verify or investigate the 
accuracy thereof) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the 
determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment 
Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders. 
(F) 
Agent or Calculation Agent Instruction Request 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.7, if following the 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or 
any specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in the Agent or Calculation 
Agent's (as applicable) opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more 
alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under 
this Condition 5, the Agent or Calculation Agent (as applicable) shall promptly 
notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Agent or Calculation 
Agent (as applicable) in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. 
If the Agent or Calculation Agent (as applicable) is not promptly provided with 
such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination 
for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Agent or Calculation

--- Page 134 ---
586291846 
134 
 
Agent (as applicable) shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(G) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 5.7: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, 
negative or zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in 
each case to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to 
the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body or (if no such recommendation 
has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(ii) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Original Reference Rate or (if the Issuer determines that no such 
spread is customarily applied); 
(iii) 
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry 
standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) or (if the 
Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged); or 
(iv) 
the Issuer, in its discretion, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Issuer following consultation with the Independent Adviser determines in 
accordance with Condition 5.7(B) is customarily applied in debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the 
Issuer determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Issuer 
determines following consultation with the Independent Adviser in its discretion 
is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.7(D). 
“Benchmark Event” means:

--- Page 135 ---
586291846 
135 
 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least five consecutive Business Days or ceasing to exist or be 
administered; or 
(ii) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased or that it will (on or before 
a specified date) cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Original Reference Rate) and (b) the date falling six months prior to the 
date specified in (a); or 
(iii) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the Original 
Reference Rate has been or will be (on or before a specified date) 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (b) the date falling six 
months prior to the date specified in (a); or 
(iv) 
the later of (a) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a consequence of 
which the Original Reference Rate will be (on or before a specified date) 
prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes 
and (b) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (a); or 
(v) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate is no 
longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(vi) 
it has become unlawful, or will become unlawful prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder 
using the Original Reference Rate. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate 
expertise appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 5.7(A), 
provided that the Issuer shall not appoint the Agent (in its capacity as such) for 
this purpose. 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) on the Notes or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (or 
component part thereof) determined pursuant to this Condition 5.7. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable): 
(vii) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory

--- Page 136 ---
586291846 
136 
 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(viii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate which is formally published, endorsed, approved, recognised 
or recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(A) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or 
transfer to an account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the 
payee with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and 
(B) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any 
other account to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the 
payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to: 
(i) 
any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in the place of 
payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8; and 
(ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code 
(“FATCA”), 
any 
regulations 
or 
agreements 
thereunder, 
any 
official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8) 
any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of Definitive Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Definitive

--- Page 137 ---
586291846 
137 
 
Notes, and payments of interest in respect of Definitive Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as 
used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District 
of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by Definitive Notes (other than Step-up/step-
down Notes and Long Maturity Notes (as defined below) and save as provided in 
Condition 6.4) should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to 
be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same 
proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of 
principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of 
the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years 
from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event 
thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note which is represented by a Definitive Note becoming due and 
repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto 
will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, any Step-up/step-down Note or Long 
Maturity Note which is represented by a Definitive Note becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than 
a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on 
issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall 
cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount 
of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall 
be payable only against surrender of the relevant Definitive Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global 
Note will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to Definitive Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, 
where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global 
Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of

--- Page 138 ---
586291846 
138 
 
each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment 
of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was 
presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt 
Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Notes, other than 
the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in 
Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the 
preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will be made in the manner 
provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Note in accordance with 
the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the Definitive Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented 
without the Definitive Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of 
the Issuer. Upon the date on which any Definitive Note becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, 
exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. 
6.5 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in 
respect of Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantors will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of 
such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular 
nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so 
made by the Issuer or, as the case may be, one or more Guarantors to, or to the order 
of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal 
and/or interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments 
of principal and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office 
of a Paying Agent in the United States if: 
(A) 
the Obligors have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would 
be able to make payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the 
United States of the full amount of principal and interest on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due;

--- Page 139 ---
586291846 
139 
 
(B) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified 
offices outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange 
controls or other similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal 
and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(C) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in 
the opinion of the Obligors, adverse tax consequences to any Obligor. 
6.6 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not 
a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest 
or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, Payment Day means 
any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the TARGET System is open; 
and 
(B) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the 
country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is 
Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET System is open. 
6.7 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(A) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under 
Condition 8 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or 
in substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(B) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;

--- Page 140 ---
586291846 
140 
 
(C) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(D) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(E) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(F) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; 
and 
(G) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable 
by the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 8 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition 
thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE  
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note 
will be redeemed by the Issuer at the Final Redemption Amount (as defined below) in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, “Final Redemption Amount” means: 
(A) 
in the case of a Note other than an Exempt Note, 100 per cent. of the Calculation 
Amount; and 
(B) 
in the case of an Exempt Note, the amount specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 7.5, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the 
minimum period and not more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee 
immediately before the giving of such notice that: 
(A) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 8, or any Guarantor would be unable for reasons outside its control 
to procure payment by the Issuer and in making payment itself, would be 
required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as a result of any change

--- Page 141 ---
586291846 
141 
 
in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 8) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such 
laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantors, taking reasonable measures available to it or them, as the case 
may be, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to 
the earliest date on which the Issuer or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes 
then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Trustee (i) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer  or, as 
the case may be, two directors of the relevant Guarantor stating that the Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the relevant Guarantor, has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment and the Trustee shall be 
entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the 
conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on 
the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount referred to in Condition 7.6 below together (if appropriate) with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer on one or more Redemption Date(s) 
(Issuer Call) 
This Condition 7.3 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date on one or more Optional Redemption Date(s) at the option of the Issuer, such 
option being referred to as an Issuer Call. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to any Issuer Call and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 7.3 for full information on any Issuer Call. In particular, the applicable Final 
Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount, 
any minimum or maximum amount of Notes which can be redeemed and the applicable 
notice periods. 
If “Issuer Call” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period 
of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption, but may (at the option of the Issuer) be conditional on one or more 
conditions precedent being satisfied, or waived by the Issuer, redeem all or some only

--- Page 142 ---
586291846 
142 
 
of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Optional Redemption Amount will be either, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, (i) if Make Whole Redemption Price is 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Make Whole 
Redemption Price or (ii) the specified percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes 
stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Make Whole Redemption Price will be an amount equal to: 
(A) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes 
to be redeemed and (ii) the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be 
redeemed multiplied by the price, as reported to the Issuer and the Trustee by 
the Determination Agent, at which the Gross Redemption Yield to maturity (or, 
if a Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the yield to the 
Par Call Period Commencement Date) on such Notes on the Reference Date is 
equal to the Gross Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the middle 
market price) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date of the Reference 
Bond, plus the Redemption Margin; or 
(B) 
if Make Whole Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding 
of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining 
Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of 
redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such 
amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming a 360-day 
year consisting of twelve 30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, 
the number of days elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption 
Margin, 
all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed 
Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by Definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion) in the case 
of Redeemed Notes represented by a Global Note, not more than 30 days prior to the 
date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection 
Date”). In the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Definitive Notes, a list of the 
serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 
14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. No exchange of the 
relevant Global Note will be permitted during the period from (and including) the 
Selection Date to (and including) the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition

--- Page 143 ---
586291846 
143 
 
7.3 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
In this Condition 7.3: 
“DA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the 
Determination Agent as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the 
remaining term of the Notes, that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in 
accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes; 
“Determination Agent” means an investment bank or financial institution of 
international standing selected by the Issuer after consultation with the Trustee, 
provided that the Issuer shall not appoint the Agent (in its capacity as such) for this 
purpose; 
“Gross Redemption Yield” means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption 
yield on such security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination 
Agent on the basis set out by the UK Debt Management Office in the paper “Formulae 
for Calculating Gilt Prices from Yields”, page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae 
“Conventional Gilts”; “Double dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) 
Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date” (published 8 June 1998, as amended or updated 
from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised 
yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or on such other basis as 
the Trustee may approve; 
“Par Call Period” shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
“Quotation Time” shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected 
Bond; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date 
of redemption, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or 
interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, 
assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption;

--- Page 144 ---
586291846 
144 
 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the 
Issuer, or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their 
respective successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each 
Reference Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic 
average, as determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for 
the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination 
Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of 
scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note (or, 
if a Par Call Period is specified in the applicable Final Terms, to the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date) determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such 
Note from and including the date on which such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition 7.3. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer when 75 per cent. of Notes redeemed 
(Clean-up Call) 
This Condition 7.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date at the option of the Issuer, such option being referred to as a “Clean-up Call”. The 
applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Clean-up Call and must be 
read in conjunction with this Condition 7.4 for full information on any Clean-up Call. In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Clean-up Call Redemption Amount 
and the applicable notice periods.  
If Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and at any 
time after the Issue Date 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate principal amount of any 
Series of Notes originally issued (and, for these purposes, any further securities issued 
pursuant to Condition 18 so as to be consolidated and form a single series with the 
Notes will be deemed to have been originally issued) has been purchased by the Issuer 
or any of its Subsidiaries and cancelled pursuant to the Conditions, then the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice in accordance with the notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not some only) of the Notes 
outstanding at the Clean-up Call Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant date of redemption.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.4 the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer 
stating that, as at the date of the certificate, 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Series of Notes originally issued has been purchased by the 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and cancelled. Such certificate shall, in the absence of 
manifest error, be treated and accepted by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders, the

--- Page 145 ---
586291846 
145 
 
Couponholders and all other interested parties as correct, conclusive and sufficient 
evidence thereof and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate without 
liability to any person and without any obligation to verify or investigate the accuracy 
thereof. 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity 
Date at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an Investor Put. 
The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must 
be read in conjunction with this Condition 7.5 for full information on any Investor Put. In 
particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the 
Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable notice periods. The minimum notice 
period specified in the applicable Final Terms shall not be not less than 5 days. 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the 
holder of any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount 
together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note under this Condition 7.5 the 
holder of this Note must, if this Note is a Definitive Note and held outside Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any 
time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, 
a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition. A Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to 
the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be 
held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is a Definitive Note and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of 
this Note under this Condition 7.5 the holder of this Note must, within the notice period, 
give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on 
his instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Agent by electronic means) in 
a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this 
Condition 7.5 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an 
Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 10, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect

--- Page 146 ---
586291846 
146 
 
by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.5 and 
instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a change of control (Change 
of Control Put) 
This Condition 7.6 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption or purchase prior 
to the Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as a 
“Change of Control Put”. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to 
any Change of Control Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 7.6 for 
full information on any Change of Control Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms 
will identify the Change of Control Redemption Amount. 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
then this Condition 7.6 shall apply. 
A “Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(A) 
a Change of Control has occurred; and 
(B) 
on the date (the “Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (x) the 
date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control; and (y) 
the date of the earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if 
any), the Notes carry from any of Moody’s or S&P or any of their respective 
successors or any other rating agency (each a “Substitute Rating Agency”) of 
equivalent international standing specified by the Issuer (each, a “Rating 
Agency”): 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or equivalent, or 
better), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change 
of Control Period either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit 
rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+, or equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn and is not 
within the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to an 
investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+, or equivalent, or 
worse), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change 
of Control Period downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, 
Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and is not 
within the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its 
earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and no Rating Agency assigns, 
within the Change of Control Period, at least an investment grade credit 
rating to the Notes,

--- Page 147 ---
586291846 
147 
 
provided that if on the Relevant Announcement Date the Notes carry a credit 
rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is investment 
grade, then sub-paragraph (1) will apply; and 
(C) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer or the Trustee that such 
decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of 
Control or the Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement. Upon 
receipt by the Issuer or the Trustee of any such written confirmation, the Issuer 
shall forthwith give notice of such written confirmation to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
If the rating designations employed by Moody’s or S&P are changed from those which 
are described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of “Put Event” above, or if a rating is 
procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating 
designations of Moody’s or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as 
are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s or S&P and this 
Condition 7.6 shall be construed accordingly. 
If a Put Event occurs, the holder of any Note will have the option to require the Issuer 
to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) such Note 
on the Put Date (as defined below) at the Change of Control Redemption Amount 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption 
or purchase. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall, and at any time upon the Trustee becoming similarly so aware the Trustee may, 
and if so requested by the holders of at least one-quarter in principal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders, shall, (subject in each case to the Trustee being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) give notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (a “Put Event Notice”) specifying the nature of the Put 
Event and the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option 
set out in this Condition 7.6. 
To exercise the option to require redemption or purchase of this Note under this 
Condition 7.6 the holder of this Note must, if this Note is a Definitive Note and held 
outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the Put Period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for 
the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
“Change of Control Put Option Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note 
or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following 
delivery of the Change of Control Put Option Notice, be held to its order or under its 
control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is a Definitive Note and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or,

--- Page 148 ---
586291846 
148 
 
as the case may be, purchase of this Note under this Condition 7.6 the holder of this 
Note must, within the Put Period, give notice to the Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to the Agent by electronic means) in 
a form acceptable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Change of Control Put Option Notice or other notice given in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of 
any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.6 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the 
due date of redemption or purchase, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee 
has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10, in which event 
such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 7.6 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and 
payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
If 75 per cent. or more in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been 
redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.6, the Issuer may, on not less than 30 or more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders given within 30 days after the Put Date, redeem 
or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the remaining Notes as a whole 
at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption or purchase. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Put Event or Change of 
Control, or any event which could lead to the occurrence of, or could constitute, a Put 
Event or Change of Control has occurred, and until it shall have actual knowledge or 
notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Put 
Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
“control” means the power to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether 
through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise; 
“acting in concert” means acting together pursuant to an agreement or understanding 
(whether formal or informal); 
a “Change of Control” shall be deemed to have occurred at each time that: 
(i) 
any Person or group of Persons acting in concert gains control of GEP; or 
(ii) 
GEP ceases to, directly or indirectly, be the legal and beneficial owner of 100 
per cent. of the issued share capital of GEH; or 
(iii) 
Goodman ceases to be the legal and beneficial owner (directly or indirectly 
through wholly owned Subsidiaries) of 100 per cent. of the issued share capital 
of the Management Company;

--- Page 149 ---
586291846 
149 
 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant 
Announcement Date and ending 120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control 
(or such longer period for which the Notes are under consideration (such consideration 
having been announced publicly within the period ending 120 days after the Change of 
Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such period 
not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such consideration); 
“Goodman” means (i) Goodman Limited, a public company incorporated in Australia 
with registration number ABN 69 000 123 071 and/or (ii) Goodman Funds Management 
Limited registered in Australia with registration number ACN 067 796 641 as responsible 
entity of the GIT registered in Australia ARSN 091 213 839; and/or (iii) Goodman 
Logistics (HK) Limited, a public company incorporated in Hong Kong with company 
number 1700359; and/or (iv) any other company or trust the capital in which is stapled 
to that of the other companies and trusts constituting Goodman; 
a reference to a “Person” includes any individual, company, corporation, unincorporated 
association or body (including a partnership, trust, fund, joint venture or consortium), 
government, state, agency, organisation or other entity whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
“Put Date” is the seventh day following the last day of the Put Period; 
“Put Period” means the period from, and including, the date of a Put Event Notice to, 
but excluding, the 45th day following the date of the Put Event Notice or, if earlier, the 
eighth day immediately preceding the Maturity Date; and 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public 
announcement or statement by or on behalf of any Obligor, any actual or potential bidder 
or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential 
Change of Control where within 180 days following the date of such announcement or 
statement, a Change of Control occurs. 
7.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10, each Note will be redeemed 
at its Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(A) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to the Issue Price, 
at the Final Redemption Amount thereof; 
(B) 
in the case of a Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) with a Final Redemption 
Amount which is or may be less or greater than the Issue Price or which is 
payable in a Specified Currency other than that in which the Note is 
denominated, at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such 
amount or manner is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal 
amount; or 
(C) 
in the case of a Zero Coupon Note, at its Early Redemption Amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 150 ---
586291846 
150 
 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y  
where: 
“RP” 
means the Reference Price; 
“AY” 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be 
either (i) 30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of 
days (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 
days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will 
be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual 
number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be 
equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable 
and the denominator will be 365). 
7.8 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount, any Change of 
Control Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount in respect of Index 
Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may be specified in, 
or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms. For the purposes 
of Condition 7.2, Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be 
redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date. 
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment 
Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of early redemption, the Early 
Redemption Amount of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, 
in accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Final Terms. 
7.9 
Purchases 
Any Obligor or any Subsidiary of any Obligor may at any time purchase Notes (provided 
that, in the case of Definitive Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the relevant 
Obligor, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation.

--- Page 151 ---
586291846 
151 
 
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of 
redemption). All Notes so cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant 
to Condition 7.8 above (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such 
Zero Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4 or 7.5 above, or upon its 
becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 10, is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be 
the amount calculated as provided in Condition 7.6(c) above, as though the references 
therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon 
Note becomes due and payable, were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have 
been paid; and 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in 
respect of such Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Agent or the 
Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by 
any Obligor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf 
of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such 
event, the relevant Obligor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, 
after such withholding or deduction, shall equal the respective amounts of principal and 
interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; 
except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon: 
(A) 
presented for payment in a Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(B) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, 
Receipt or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(C) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined 
below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to

--- Page 152 ---
586291846 
152 
 
an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day 
assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6). 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
(i) 
“Luxembourg Obligor” means an Obligor incorporated or established under 
the laws of Luxembourg; 
(ii) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, 
except that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received 
by the Trustee or the Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that 
effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14; and 
(iii) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or in the case of any member of 
the Group which becomes a Guarantor pursuant to Condition 3.4 which is not 
incorporated or established under the laws of Luxembourg, any other 
jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax to which any Obligor is or becomes subject in respect of payments 
made by it of principal and/or interest on the Notes. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes, Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal 
and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five 
years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) 
therefor. 
The Luxembourg act dated 3 September 1996 on the involuntary dispossession of 
bearer securities, as amended (the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996), requires that 
any amount that is payable under the Notes, Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons (but has 
not yet been paid to the holders thereof), in the event that (i) an opposition has been 
filed in relation to the Notes, Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons and (ii) the Notes, 
Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons mature prior to becoming forfeited (as provided for in 
the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996), is paid to the Caisse des consignations in 
Luxembourg until the opposition has been withdrawn or the forfeiture of the Notes, 
Receipts, Talons and/or Coupons occurs. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any 
Coupon the claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this 
Condition or Condition 6.2 or any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 
one quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding, or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), (but in the case of the happening of any

--- Page 153 ---
586291846 
153 
 
of the events described in paragraphs (c) to (f) inclusive (other than the winding up or 
dissolution of any Obligor), (g), (h), (i), (j), (k) and (l) below, only if the Trustee shall have 
certified in writing to the Obligors that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial 
to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice in writing to the Obligors that each Note 
is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (if any) as provided in the Trust Deed 
if any of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and is continuing: 
(A) 
default is made in the payment of any principal or interest due in respect of the 
Notes and the default continues for a period of 5 Banking Days or more; or 
(B) 
any requirement of Condition 4 is not satisfied; or 
(C) 
any Obligor fails to perform or observe any of its obligations under the 
Conditions or the Trust Deed (other than those referred to in sub-paragraphs 
(a) and (b) above) and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 30 
days (or such longer period as the Trustee may agree) following the service by 
the Trustee on such Obligor of notice requiring the same to be remedied; or 
(D) 
(i) 
any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of any Obligor or any Material 
Subsidiary becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an 
event of default (however described); 
(ii) 
any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary fails to make any payment in 
respect of any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money on the due date for 
payment as extended by any originally applicable grace period; or 
(iii) 
default is made by any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary in making any 
payment due from it in relation to any Indebtedness for Borrowed 
Money of any other person; 
provided that no event described in this sub-paragraph (d) shall constitute an 
Event of Default unless the amount of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money due 
and unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other 
amounts of Indebtedness for Borrowed Money due and unpaid relative to all (if 
any) other events specified in (i) to (iii) above which have occurred, amounts to 
at least €20 million (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(E) 
(i) 
any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary is, or under any applicable 
legislation is deemed to be, unable or admits inability to pay its debts 
as they fall due (including being in a state of cessation de paiements), 
save where any of the foregoing is, in the opinion of the Trustee, being 
disputed in good faith, or suspends making payments on all or a class 
of its debts; or 
(ii) 
a moratorium or reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement) is declared 
or agreed in respect of any indebtedness of any Obligor or any Material

--- Page 154 ---
586291846 
154 
 
Subsidiary unless, in respect of a reprieve from payment, the amount 
of indebtedness affected, either alone or when aggregated (without 
duplication) with all other amounts of affected indebtedness, amounts 
to no more than €10 million (or its equivalent in any other currency); or 
(F) 
except (A) for the purposes of a reorganisation, merger, consolidation or other 
form of business combination on terms previously approved in writing by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution or (B) in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary only, for the purposes of a voluntary amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring in relation to a Material Subsidiary and where such Material 
Subsidiary is solvent: 
(i) 
an application or an order is made by any competent court, proceedings 
are commenced or a resolution is passed for the winding up, dissolution 
or administration of any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary; or 
(ii) 
any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other 
arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) 
((schuldeisers) akkoord) or any meeting is convened to consider a 
proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors) (including the concordat préventif de 
faillite) ((schuldeisers) akkoord), 
other than (in any such case as is referred to in (i) above) where any such 
application or proceedings is/are withdrawn or dismissed within 20 Banking 
Days; or 
(G) 
except for the purposes of a reorganisation, merger, consolidation or other form 
of business combination on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee 
or by an Extraordinary Resolution, any Obligor ceases or threatens to cease to 
conduct all or substantially all of its business; or 
(H) 
(i) 
proceedings are initiated against any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary 
under 
any 
applicable 
liquidation, 
insolvency, 
composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made (or 
documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an administrative 
or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official is appointed, in relation to any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary 
or, as the case may be, in relation to all or a material part of the 
undertaking or assets of any of them, other than where any such 
application or proceedings is/are withdrawn or dismissed within 20 
Banking Days and except, in the case of a Material Subsidiary only, for 
the purposes of a voluntary amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring in relation to such Material Subsidiary and where such 
Material Subsidiary is solvent; or

--- Page 155 ---
586291846 
155 
 
(ii) 
proceedings are initiated by or against any Obligor or Material 
Subsidiary which is incorporated or established in Luxembourg under 
any applicable compulsory liquidation procedure (liquidation judiciaire), 
bankruptcy procedure (faillite), controlled management procedure 
(gestion contrôlée), fraudulent conveyance procedure (actio pauliana) 
or other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with 
a court) for the appointment of a liquidator (liquidateur) under a 
compulsory liquidation procedure (liquidateur judiciaire), bankruptcy 
receiver (curateur), administrator (commissaire à la gestion contrôlée), 
compulsory manager, juge délégué, juge commissaire or a liquidator 
under a compulsory liquidation procedure (liquidateur judiciaire), 
bankruptcy receiver (curateur), administrator (commissaire à la gestion 
contrôlée), compulsory manager, juge délégué, juge commissaire or 
other similar officer is appointed, in relation to any Obligor or Material 
Subsidiary which is incorporated or established in Luxembourg or, as 
the case may be, in relation to all or a material part of the undertaking 
or assets of any of them, other than where any such application or 
proceedings is/are withdrawn or dismissed within 20 Banking Days and 
except, in the case of a Material Subsidiary only, for the purposes of a 
voluntary amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring in relation to 
such Material Subsidiary and where such Material Subsidiary is solvent; 
or 
(I) 
an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or a material part of the 
undertaking or assets of any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary and in each case 
such action is not discharged within 20 Banking Days; or  
(J) 
any expropriation in connection with a creditor’s process, attachment, seizure, 
sequestration, distress or execution affects any asset or assets of an Obligor or 
a Material Subsidiary, and in each case, having an aggregate value of at least 
€25 million (or its equivalent in any other currency) and is not discharged within 
20 Banking Days; or 
(K) 
the Notes Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by any Obligor not to be, in full 
force and effect; or 
(L) 
any event occurs which, under the laws of any Tax Jurisdiction, has or may have, 
in the Trustee’s opinion, an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in 
paragraph (E), (F), (G), (H), (I) or (J) above. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
“Banking Day” means any day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Luxembourg; 
“Indebtedness for Money Borrowed” means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a) 
moneys borrowed;

--- Page 156 ---
586291846 
156 
 
(b) 
any derivative transaction protecting against or benefiting from fluctuations in 
any rate or price (and, except for non-payment of an amount, the then mark-to- 
market value of the derivative transaction will be used to calculate its amount); 
or 
(c) 
any guarantee, indemnity or similar assurance against financial loss of any 
person in respect of any item referred to in paragraphs (a) and (b) above; 
“Material Subsidiary” means, as of any date, a Subsidiary of GEP (other than a Non- 
Recourse Subsidiary) whose book value of assets represents 10 per cent. or more of 
Total Assets. 
10.2 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings 
and/or other steps or action (including lodging an appeal in any proceedings) against or 
in relation to any Obligor as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, 
the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons or otherwise, but it shall not be bound to take 
any such proceedings or other steps or action unless (i) it shall have been so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one- 
quarter in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have been 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such 
action in that jurisdiction would, in its opinion, based upon legal advice in the relevant 
jurisdiction, be contrary to any law of that jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Trustee may 
also refrain from taking such action if it would otherwise render it liable to any person in 
that jurisdiction or if, in its opinion, based upon such legal advice, it would not have the 
power to do the relevant thing in that jurisdiction by virtue of any applicable law in that 
jurisdiction, or if it is determined by any court or other competent authority in that 
jurisdiction that it does not have such power. 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to (i) take any steps or 
action against any Obligor to enforce the performance of any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or (ii) take any other proceedings 
(including lodging an appeal in any proceedings) in respect of or concerning any Obligor, 
in each case unless the Trustee, having become so bound to take any such action, 
steps or proceedings, (i) fails so to do within 60 days, or (ii) is unable for any reason to 
do so and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or 
destroyed, it may be replaced at the specified office of the Agent upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and 
on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
The replacement of Notes, Receipts, Talons and Coupons in the case of loss or theft is 
subject to the procedure of the Involuntary Dispossession Act 1996 which provides that

--- Page 157 ---
586291846 
157 
 
the person who lost bearer notes may, subject to certain conditions, request the issuer 
of the notes to deliver new Notes. 
12. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names 
of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional or other Paying Agents 
and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying Agent acts, 
provided that: 
(A) 
there will at all times be an Agent; 
(B) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by 
any other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of 
the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(C) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than 
a Tax Jurisdiction. 
In addition, the Obligors shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office 
in New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5. Notice of any 
variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the 
Obligors and, in certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders. The Agency Agreement contains provisions 
permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged or converted, or with which 
it is consolidated, or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets, to become 
the successor paying agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any 
Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange 
for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include 
Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of 
the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9.

--- Page 158 ---
586291846 
158 
 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a 
leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) if 
and for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s website, 
https://www.luxse.com/. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be 
made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other 
relevant authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have 
been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed 
to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required 
newspapers. If publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in 
such other manner, and will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee 
shall approve. 
Until such time as any Definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global 
Notes representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or 
such websites the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for 
so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by 
another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to 
the holders of the Notes on the second day after the day on which the said notice was 
given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with 
the Agent. While any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may 
be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND SUBSTITUTION 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary 
Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the 
Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding 
not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining 
outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or

--- Page 159 ---
586291846 
159 
 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the 
Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes 
any matter defined in the Trust Deed as a Basic Terms Modification (including modifying 
the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing 
or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), 
the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two- 
thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned 
such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides 
that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the 
Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on 
such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not 
less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding 
or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than three- fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, 
in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An 
Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at any meeting and whether or not they voted on the 
resolution, and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach 
or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed or the 
Agency Agreement, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event 
of Default or Potential Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated 
as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any such 
consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or to correct a manifest error or an error which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is proven. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 soon as practicable thereafter. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and 
discretions (including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or 
determination), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders 
as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances 
particular to individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders whatever their 
number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the 
consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be 
entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder be entitled 
to claim, from any Obligor, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or 
payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual 
Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided

--- Page 160 ---
586291846 
160 
 
for in Condition 8 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in 
substitution for, Condition 8 pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, to (i) the substitution of the Issuer’s successor 
in business (as defined in the Trust Deed) or any Holding Company (as defined in the 
Trust Deed) of the Issuer or its successor in business or of any Guarantor or its 
successor in business in place of the Issuer as principal debtor under the Trust Deed 
and the Notes or (ii) the substitution of a Guarantor’s successor in business or any 
Holding Company of such Guarantor or its successor in business as a guarantor in 
respect of the Notes and the Coupons, in any case subject to the Trustee being satisfied 
that the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution 
and certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. In the case 
of such a substitution the Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders, to a change of the law governing the Notes, the Receipts, the 
Coupons, the Talons and/or the Trust Deed provided that such change would not in the 
opinion of the trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of articles 470-1 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg 
act dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, are excluded. 
16. 
INDEMNIFICATION AND PROTECTION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE 
CONTRACTING WITH ANY OBLIGOR 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its 
relief from responsibility and liability towards any Obligor, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders, including (i) provisions relieving it from taking 
action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and (ii) 
provisions limiting or excluding its liability in certain circumstances. The Trust Deed 
provides that, when determining whether an indemnity or any security or pre-funding is 
satisfactory to it, the Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk in any given 
circumstance by considering the worst-case scenario and (ii) to require that any 
indemnity or security given to it by the Noteholders or any of them be given on a joint 
and several basis and be supported by evidence satisfactory to it as to the financial 
standing and creditworthiness of each counterparty and/or as to the value of the security 
and an opinion as to the capacity, power and authority of each counterparty and/or the 
validity and effectiveness of the security. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter 
alia, (a) to enter into business transactions with any Obligor and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or 
guaranteed by, or relating to, any Obligor and/or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise 
and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in 
relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without 
regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any 
other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.

--- Page 161 ---
586291846 
161 
 
17. 
INFORMATION COVENANTS 
GEP shall (i) publish on its website (www.gep.eu) and (for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and if and to the extent that the 
rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require), the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/) and (ii) file with the Trustee copies of the 
following documents: 
1. 
as soon as available, but in any event within 120 days after the end of each 
fiscal year of GEP (commencing with the fiscal year ended 31 December 2012), 
a consolidated statement of financial position of GEP as at the end of such fiscal 
year, and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, 
changes in equity, investment in property and cash flows for such fiscal year, 
setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal 
year, all in reasonable detail, audited and accompanied by a report and opinion 
of an internationally recognised firm of auditors, which report and opinion shall 
be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and 
applicable laws and shall not be subject to any “going concern” or like 
qualification or exception or any qualification or exception as to the scope of 
such audit; and 
2. 
as soon as available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of each of 
the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of GEP (commencing with the 
fiscal quarter ended 31 March 2013), a consolidated statement of financial 
position of GEP as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated 
statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity, investment in property 
and cash flows for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of GEP’s fiscal year 
then ended, setting forth in each case in comparative form a statement of 
financial position as of the end of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter (or, 
in the case of the fiscal quarter ended 31 March, as of the end of the 
immediately preceding fiscal year) and statements of comprehensive income, 
changes in equity, investment in property and cash flows the corresponding 
portion of the previous fiscal quarter or fiscal year (as applicable), all in 
reasonable detail, certified by an officer of GEP as fairly presenting the financial 
position, comprehensive income, changes in equity, investment in property and 
cash flows of GEP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the 
absence of footnotes. 
The Trustee shall neither be required to monitor compliance by GEP with this Condition 
17, nor to review any financial statements filed with it. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, 
the Receiptholders or the Couponholders, to create and issue further notes having 
terms and conditions the same as the Notes or the same in all respects save for the 
amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest

--- Page 162 ---
586291846 
162 
 
starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single Series 
with the outstanding Notes. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy 
of any person which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
Each Obligor irrevocably agrees, for the benefit of the Trustee, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of England are to have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Trust 
Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons (including a dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the 
Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons) and accordingly submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
Each Obligor waives any objection to the courts of England on the grounds that they 
are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum. The Trustee, the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders may take any suit, action or proceedings 
(together referred to as Proceedings) arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, 
the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons (including any Proceedings relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the 
Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons) against the Obligors in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction and concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Each Obligor appoints Goodman UK Limited at its registered office at Cornwall House 
Blythe Gate, Blythe Valley Park, Solihull, West Midlands, UK, B90 8AF (Attention: 
General Counsel, Europe/Treasurer) as its agent for service of process, and undertakes 
that, in the event of Goodman UK Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered 
in England, it will appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for 
service of process in England in respect of any Proceedings. Nothing herein shall affect 
the right to serve proceedings in any other manner permitted by law. 
20.4 
Other documents

--- Page 163 ---
586291846 
163 
 
Each Obligor has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the 
jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms 
substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 164 ---
586291846 
164 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer intends to use the net 
proceeds from each issue of Notes for general corporate purposes of the Group or, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as applicable), an amount equal to the net 
proceeds from each issue of Notes may be applied by the Issuer to finance or re-finance certain 
projects and activities that promote environmental, social, governance, sustainable or green 
purposes (such activities being “Eligible Green Projects” and Notes related thereto being “ESG 
Notes”). For further information in relation to how the proceeds of such ESG Notes may be used 
to fund Eligible Green Projects that support the Group’s business strategy, see “Green Finance 
Framework” below. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 165 ---
586291846 
165 
 
THE GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK 
GEP has established its Green Finance Framework, which may be amended from time to time 
at the sole discretion of GEP. Under the Green Finance Framework, the Issuer may issue ESG 
Notes to finance and/or refinance Eligible Green Projects. GEP may, in the future, update the 
Green Finance Framework in line with developments in the market. The Green Finance 
Framework 
is 
available 
to 
view 
at 
https://ce.goodman.com/-
/media/project/goodman/continental-europe/files/funds/gep/sustainability/gep-green-finance-
framework.pdf. 
GEP believes that the Green Finance Framework is aligned with the four core components of 
the Green Bond Principles (as published by the International Capital Markets Association) and  
the Green Loan Principles (as published by the Loan Market Association) (together, the “Green 
Bond and Loan Principles”). This conclusion is confirmed by the second party opinion dated 
23 March 2023 (the “Second Party Opinion”) obtained by GEP from Sustainalytics (the 
“Second Party Opinion Provider”), an independent environmental social and governance 
research, ratings and analytics firm. The Second Party Opinion is available to view at: second-
party-opinion-sustainalytics.pdf (goodman.com). 
Any public reporting by or on behalf of GEP in respect of the application of proceeds can be 
found at gep-green-finance-framework.pdf (goodman.com). For the avoidance of doubt, no such 
reporting, nor the Green Finance Framework or the Second Party Opinion, shall be incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
In accordance with the Green Bond and Loan Principles, and any further iterations thereof, the 
Green Finance Framework comprises four key areas: 
1. Use of Proceeds; 
2. Process for Project Evaluation and Selection; 
3. Management of Proceeds; and  
4. Reporting.  
Use of Proceeds 
Under the Green Finance Framework, GEP intends to allocate an amount equal to the 
incremental net proceeds of any Green Finance Instruments (as defined below) to a portfolio of 
Eligible Green Projects (the "Eligible Green Project Portfolio") falling in one of the following 
categories (the “Eligibility Criteria”):  
(a) Green buildings 
Eligibility Criteria:  
(i) Assets owned by GEP or one of its subsidiaries that have received one or more of 
the following certifications:

--- Page 166 ---
586291846 
166 
 
– 
BREEAM: “Very Good” and above 
– 
DGNB: “Gold” and above 
– 
BREEAM-in-use: “Very Good” and above 
(ii) Development of the properties that are expected to receive a: 
– 
BREEAM: “Excellent” and above 
– 
DGNB: “Platinum” and above 
– 
BREAAM-in-use: “Excellent” and above 
(iii) Acquisition of properties that are expected to receive a: 
– 
BREEAM: “Very Good” and above 
– 
DGNB: “Gold” and above 
– 
BREEAM-in-use: “Very Good” and above 
(iv) Refurbished buildings that achieve energy savings of at least 30% in comparison 
to the baseline performance 
(b) Renewable energy 
Eligibility Criteria: Acquisitions and construction of renewable energy installations. These 
include, but are not limited to, solar related energy projects owned by the Issuer or one of 
its affiliates.   
For the purposes of this section, “Green Finance Instruments” means debt instruments including 
bonds or loans under which GEP or a subsidiary of GEP is the borrower and the proceeds of 
the financing are designated to Eligible Green Projects under the terms of the Green Finance 
Framework. 
Project Evaluation and Selection Process 
Upon issuance, GEP will establish a green finance committee comprising an investment 
manager, treasury manager, sustainability manager, investment analyst and ESG analyst (the 
“Green Finance Committee”). The Green Finance Committee will have the following four 
primary functions: 
1. Selection of the Eligible Green Projects, in accordance with the Eligibility Criteria; 
2. Monitoring and managing proceeds raised through the Green Finance Framework; 
3. Reviewing and approving the allocation and impact reporting to bondholders, GEP’s 
board and unitholders; and

--- Page 167 ---
586291846 
167 
 
4. Reviewing, from time to time, the content of the Green Finance Framework, including 
the Eligibility Criteria, and updating it to reflect – to the extent possible – changes in 
corporate strategy, technology, market, or regulatory developments. 
Alongside the management of the Green Finance Framework, the Green Finance Committee 
will supplement existing ESG reporting and approval processes.  
Management of Proceeds 
The Green Finance Committee will oversee the management of proceeds in conjunction with 
GEP’s finance, investment management, sustainability and treasury teams. 
GEP intends to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Project Portfolio which 
exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Green Finance Instruments. In the 
event that the target allocation is not achieved at any point in time for any reason, GEP will make 
efforts to achieve compliance as soon as sensibly possible. GEP intends to achieve full 
allocation of the proceeds at issuance or within 36 months of the issuance. 
The Eligible Green Projects may consist of capital expenditures or asset values. Capital 
expenditures and assets values shall qualify for refinancing of renewable energy projects or 
green buildings without a specific look back period, provided that at the time of issuance, they 
follow the relevant Eligibility Criteria. Green buildings will be included in the portfolio at their 
current IFRS balance sheet value, to reflect investment and depreciation under IFRS. 
GEP is permitted to dispose of properties and will give consideration to any impact upon the 
Eligible Green Project Portfolio. Pending the allocation of the net proceeds of any Green Finance 
Instruments to Eligible Green Projects, all or a portion of the net proceeds may be used for the 
payment of outstanding indebtedness or other capital management activities. 
Eligible Green Projects can be owned directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, whereby only 
the percentage corresponding to GEP’s share in the equity of such subsidiary will be taken into 
account. 
Reporting  
Allocation Report 
GEP will provide information on the allocation of the use of proceeds to the Eligible Green 
Project Portfolio at least at the category level and on an aggregated basis for all Green Finance 
Instruments. To the extent practicable, GEP will provide information such as:  
 
The total amount of proceeds allocated; 
 
The number of eligible projects; and 
 
The balance of unallocated proceeds. 
Impact Report

--- Page 168 ---
586291846 
168 
 
GEP will report on the environmental benefits that are generated from and by the Eligible Green 
Projects via an impact report. Subject to data availability, the following indicators will be included 
in the impact report:  
 
Number of certified buildings and type of classification/rating; 
 
Energy intensity of buildings; 
 
Annual energy savings; 
 
Annual GHG emissions reduced/avoided; 
 
Total installed capacity in MW; 
 
Annual generation of renewable energy in MWh; and 
 
Annual GHG emissions reduced/avoided. 
The Allocation and Impact Reports will be available on the Issuer’s website (www.gep.eu) 
Second Party Opinion Provider 
The Second Party Opinion Provider evaluated the Green Finance Framework established by 
GEP and provided views on the robustness and credibility of the Green Finance Framework, 
which views are intended to inform investors in the Notes issued under the Programme in 
general, and not for a specific investor.

--- Page 169 ---
586291846 
169 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Incorporation and Status 
GELF Bond Issuer I S.A. (the “Issuer”) was incorporated on 26 November 2012 as a 
Luxembourg public limited liability company (société anonyme) for an unlimited period of time 
under the laws of Luxembourg. The articles of incorporation of the Issuer have been published 
in the Mémorial C, Recueil des Sociétés et Associations (the “Memorial C”) on 14 December 
2012, number 3024 and were lastly amended on 18 February 2016, published in the Recueil 
Électronique des Sociétés et Associations (the “RESA”) on 26 February 2016, number 
L160035516 (the “Issuer Articles of Incorporation”). The registered office of the Issuer is 5 
rue de Strasbourg, L-2561, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and its telephone 
number is +352 2636 3220. The Issuer is registered with the RCS under number B 173090. 
The Issuer was established as a special purpose vehicle to provide any forms of financing 
directly or indirectly to GEP and its subsidiaries, including making loans to GEP and its 
subsidiaries with the proceeds of any issued Notes under the Programme. The Issuer has no 
subsidiaries. For a structure diagram which shows the position of the Issuer within the Group, 
see “Description of the Guarantors - Description of GEP - Overview of GEP’s Structure” below. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer Articles of 
Incorporation (with an English translation thereof): (i) will be available for inspection at the 
registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agent for the time 
being in London and Luxembourg; or (ii) may be made available to Noteholders (upon request 
and satisfactory proof of holding) via email by the Paying Agent. 
Purpose 
The purpose of the Issuer, as set out in article 3 of the Issuer Articles of Incorporation, includes 
the provision of any form of financing directly or indirectly to GEP and its subsidiaries and the 
issue of stock, bonds, debentures, notes and other securities of any kind to the above effect. 
The Issuer may lend or borrow with or without security or collateral, provided that such activities 
comply with the covenants set out in GEP’s finance documents and the Management 
Regulations. 
In general, the Issuer may undertake any financial, commercial, industrial or real estate 
transactions which it may deem useful in the accomplishment and development of its purpose 
and, in such context, it may give or receive guarantees, issue all types of securities and financial 
instruments and enter into any type of hedging, trading or derivatives transactions. 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s share capital is €31,000 represented by 
31,000 shares, each with a nominal value of €1.00 and each carrying one voting right in the 
general meeting of shareholders. All shares are in registered form and have been fully paid up 
in cash. 
The sole shareholder of the Issuer is GEH, which is a direct subsidiary of GEP.

--- Page 170 ---
586291846 
170 
 
Directors 
The Issuer has a board of directors, currently comprising three directors: 
 
Hans Ongena with business address at 5 rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (see “Board of the Management Company” for further 
details);  
 
Dominique Prince with business address at 5 rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (see “Board of the Management Company” for further 
details); and 
 
Henry Kelly with business address at 4 rue J-P Lanter, L-5943, ltzig, Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (see “Board of the Management Company” for further 
details). 
Hans Ongena and Dominique Prince are employees and/or contractors of subsidiaries of the 
Goodman Group. 
Independent Auditor 
The Issuer has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, with registered office 
at 2, rue Gerhard Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and registered 
with the RCS under number B 65477 as its independent auditor (réviseur d’entreprises agréé). 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, have been the independent auditor for the 
period covered by the historical financial information of the Issuer as set out in Documents 
Incorporated by Reference. 
The Issuer’s independent auditor is a member of the Luxembourg Institut des Réviseurs 
d’Entreprises. 
Financial Year 
The Issuer’s financial year is from 1 January to 31 December in each year. Any published annual 
accounts prepared by the Issuer (in respect of the period ending on 31 December each year) 
are available during normal office hours during the 8 days preceding the holding of any 
extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders in accordance with Article 470-2 of the 
Luxembourg law dated 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, at the 
registered office of the Issuer. 
Conflict of Interest 
Hans Ongena and Dominique Prince are employees and/or contractors of subsidiaries of the 
Goodman Group. Members of the Goodman Group have entered into agreements with one or 
more of the Obligors (including the Relationship Deed) and they may enter into further 
agreements with any Obligor. In addition, from time to time they may be appointed to the boards 
of subsidiaries of the Goodman Group which may have dealings with the Group, including the 
sale and purchase of real estate. Since Hans Ongena and Dominique Prince are remunerated 
by the Goodman Group, there may be a conflict between their interests in relation to the Issuer

--- Page 171 ---
586291846 
171 
 
and their interests in relation to the Goodman Group as regards the performance of those 
existing agreements and the entry into any such further agreements. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, there are no other existing conflicts of interest between a director’s duties to the 
board of directors of the Issuer, referred to in this “Description of the Issuer” section, and their 
private interests and/or other duties. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer is not party to any contracts outside the ordinary course of its business that have 
been or may reasonably be expected to be material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
to Noteholders.  
Recent Events 
Other than the events disclosed elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, there are no recent events 
particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of the Issuer’s 
solvency.

--- Page 172 ---
586291846 
172 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTORS 
DESCRIPTION OF GEP 
Incorporation and Status 
GEP was established in December 2006 as an externally managed investment fund organised 
as a Luxembourg mutual investment fund (fonds commun de placement) (“FCP”) and registered 
with the RCS under number K 1339, initially subject to the Luxembourg law of 19 July 1991. 
Following the establishment of GEP, the SIF Law was adopted and repealed the law of 19 July 
1991, such that GEP is now governed by the SIF Law and qualifies as an FCP-FIS (fonds 
commun de placement – fonds d’investissement spécialisé). GEP also qualifies as an 
alternative investment fund within the meaning of the Luxembourg law of 12 July 2013 relating 
to alternative investment fund managers, as amended (the “AIFM Law”). 
As GEP is an FCP, it does not have a legal personality. The FCP is managed by a management 
company (société de gestion) that has a legal personality and that is the statutory management 
body of the FCP. The units of FCP may be represented by certificates issued to Unitholders. 
The management company acts in its own name, but has to indicate that it acts on behalf of the 
FCP. It further has to draw up the management regulations of the FCP. The management 
company of GEP, a wholly-owned direct subsidiary of Goodman Group, is the Management 
Company, having its registered office at 5 rue de Strasbourg, L-2561, Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg and telephone number +352 2636 3220 (see “Management of GEP” for 
further details). 
Overview of GEP’s Structure 
The following diagram illustrates the simplified structure of GEP, the Issuer and the Guarantors 
in relation to one another:

--- Page 173 ---
586291846 
173 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Business Overview 
GEP is a perpetual life unlisted property fund, which is reserved for Well Informed Investors, 
that specialises in investment in modern prime Logistics properties in key Logistics markets 
within continental Europe. Subsidiaries of Goodman Group provide management, advisory and 
property administration services to GEP. 
Goodman Group is a leading international owner, developer and manager of industrial 
properties, with assets under management of approximately €48.6 billion as at 31 March 2024. 
As at 31 March 2024, the Goodman Group has a dedicated team of approximately 1,000 
property professionals, of which around 230 are based in Goodman’s eight continental 
European offices. 
The following diagram illustrates the structure of GEP’s management and administration (see 
“Description of Management of GEP” for further details):  
 
Goodman European 
Logistics Fund, FCP-FIS 
(GEP) 
GELF European Holdings 
(Lux) S.à r.l. 
GELF Investments (Lux) 
S.à r.l. 
GELF Bond Issuer I S.A. 
Property 
Holding SPVs 
Intermediary Vehicles 
Development 
JVs 
Goodman Funds Management (Lux) 
S.à r.l. (subsidiary of Goodman Group) 
Issuer or Guarantor 
Management Regulations 
50%

--- Page 174 ---
586291846 
174 
 
 
As at 31 March 2024, the Portfolio consisted of 109 estates (95 estates excluding landbanks) 
with a gross leasable area of approximately 3.2 million sqm and a book value of €3.8 billion 
(excluding right-of-use assets and including joint ventures) (market value of €3.9 billion based 
on value at completion of properties under construction). As at 31 March 2024, the stabilised 
core Portfolio was 97.7 per cent. occupied (by income). Management believes the Portfolio is 
well positioned, with a weighted average lease expiry (by income) (“WALE”) to first break of 
approximately 5.1 years with approximately 99.8 per cent. of the Portfolio (by value) located in 
GEP’s six largest markets of Germany, France, the Netherlands, Spain, Belgium and Italy. 
Market Overview 
Due to macro-economic uncertainties and geopolitical tensions, the global market environment 
has been challenging in recent years. Real estate in particular was impacted by the increase in 
financing costs which, together with a wider re-balancing of risk/return requirements by 
investors, resulted in a re-pricing. Within the real estate sector in general, Industrial and logistics 
real estate proved to be one of the more resilient asset classes. Although transactional activity 
slowed, liquidity did remain, supported by a continued strong operational performance, as 
evidenced by metrics such as occupancy, demand and rental growth. Management believes 
that the performance of GEP will continue to be underpinned by a number of structural market 
trends which support the continuously evolving demand for well-located Logistics properties in 
core markets: 
Management believes that the performance of GEP will continue to be underpinned by a number 
of structural market trends which support the continuously evolving demand for well-located 
Logistics properties in core markets: 
 
The continued growth of the e-commerce sector accelerated and amplified by a 
structural shift in consumer behaviour since the Covid-19 pandemic; 
 
 
Auditor 
External Appraiser 
Paying Agent 
Depositary 
Registrar and 
Transfer Agent 
Central 
Administration Agent 
Well informed investors 
Goodman Group 
 
Various 
Goodman 
entities 
Property Portfolio 
100%
Investment 
Advisory 
Agreement 
Financial 
Administration 
Services 
Agreement 
Property 
Services 
Agreement 
100% 
PwC 
External 
Services 
BBH 
 
Goodman European 
Logistics Fund, FCP-
FIS (GEP) 
Investment 
Committee 
Goodman Funds 
Management (Lux) 
S.á.r.l. (AIFM)

--- Page 175 ---
586291846 
175 
 
 
Changes in consumer behaviour and the continued urbanisation which will continue to 
drive demand for well-located logistics space, closer to populations, acting as a central 
point of distribution of goods to service the “last mile”; 
 
The ongoing evolution of supply chain optimisation combined with a renewed focus on 
resilience. The conversion of both trends driving companies to relocate to modern, cost 
efficient and sustainable warehouses while at the same time building in redundancy and 
security in their operations which often entails increasing inventory levels and a move 
from a “just-in-time” to a “just-in-case” business model; and 
 
The increased focus on climate change and sustainability which Management believes 
will lead to increased demand for new sustainable logistics facilities. 
This continued demand for logistics space is expected to underpin the performance of the 
underlying portfolio and thus GEP’s returns. Further, Management notes an ongoing scarcity of 
development land, especially for prime sites in core locations. This scarcity generally goes hand 
in hand with an increasingly complex development reality, often entailing the (re-)development 
of brownfield sites in or near urban population centres. Combined with an increased occupier 
demand, focused predominately on the core urban locations, this has resulted in upward 
pressure on rental levels which we believe will continue to support rental growth. 
Investment Objectives and Strategy 
The Investment Objectives of GEP are: 
• 
to provide Well Informed Investors with a long-term investment opportunity, alongside 
Goodman, in a diversified portfolio of prime Logistics Real Estate located in the EU 
(excluding Greece), Norway, Switzerland or Turkey; and 
• 
to deliver stable, income-driven returns with the potential for income growth and capital 
appreciation. 
To achieve the Investment Objectives, GEP will: 
• 
continue to actively manage the properties in the Portfolio to maintain GEP’s high level 
of quality and operational performance; 
• 
continue to acquire Logistics investment properties which enhance the Portfolio’s 
diversity and improve risk adjusted returns; 
• 
maintain exposure to land holdings and development activity; 
• 
engage in selective on balance sheet development opportunities, through GEP’s right 
of first refusal, in the form of acquiring and developing land positions in joint venture 
with Goodman; 
• 
implement appropriate debt and equity funding strategies to finance the continued 
growth of the Portfolio and seek to maintain an investment grade credit profile; and

--- Page 176 ---
586291846 
176 
 
• 
maintain industry leading standards of corporate governance, continuing to work closely 
with investors and stakeholders in respect of fund strategy and investment decisions.  
The Investment Strategy of GEP is to invest in high quality Logistics/industrial properties in 
recognised and emerging warehouse, distribution and Logistics locations with access to major 
transport and infrastructure, located in the European Union (excluding Greece), Norway, 
Switzerland and Turkey. 
History 
Launched in 2006, GEP is one of Goodman’s largest managed fund outside of Australia. It 
remains Goodman’s primary vehicle for its own investments in European Logistics properties, 
with Goodman committed to holding (i) not less than the lesser of (A) 20 per cent. of all Units 
and Uncalled Commitments and (B) the higher of (a) €400 million and (b) 15 per cent. of all 
Units and Uncalled Commitments and (ii) not more than 40 per cent. of all Units and Uncalled 
Commitments. 
The size of the Portfolio has increased from €273.5 million in 2006 to €3.9 billion as at 31 March 
2024. Net property income had increased from €27.6 million for the financial year ended 31 
December 2007 to €191.5 million as at 31 March 2024 (last twelve months basis). 
Key milestones in GEP’s history, since 2019, are set out below. 
Year 
Milestone 
2019  
Issuance of €400 million 1,125% fixed rate bond due 2029. 
Year-end total assets of €3.9 billion. 
GRESB score: 77 (3 stars)  
2020 
Project Maritime: GEP disposed 97% of its central and eastern 
European portfolio. 
Year-end total assets of €3.6 billion. 
GRESB score: 88 (5 stars)  
2021 
2015 RCF agreement amended and restated to, amongst 
others, (i) increase total commitments to €450,000,000 and (ii) 
extend the termination date to 22 December 2024.  
Year-end total assets of €3.9 billion. 
GRESB score: 86 (4 stars) 
2022  
In June 2022, GEP closed the first tranche of an equity raise of 
up to €450.0 million, securing €299.4 million of new 
Commitments from existing Investors (with an additional €35.9 
million conditional on the total amount raised by year-end). In 
December 2022, GEP formally closed the second tranche of 
the equity raise, after securing an additional €114.7 million.  
 
Year-end total assets of €4.2 billion.

--- Page 177 ---
586291846 
177 
 
Year 
Milestone 
GRESB score: 88 (5 stars)  
Currently 19 estates are equipped with photovoltaic (PV) 
installations with a total capacity of c.31.4 MW. 
2023 
2015 RCF agreement extended to 22 December 2026. 
Year-end total assets of €4.1 billion. 
GRESB score: 88 (5 stars) 
2024 
In May 2024, GEP completed Euro 200m secured financing for 
GEP portfolio of German and Dutch properties. 
 
Overview of the Portfolio 
Portfolio Composition  
The following table provides a summary of the Portfolio by country as at 31 March 20242: 
Country 
Number 
of 
estates 
Gross 
Leasable 
Area 
(sqm) 
Latest 
external 
valuation 
(€m) 
Equivalent 
yield (%) 
WALE to 
first break 
(years) (by 
income) 
Occupancy 
(%) (by 
income) 
 Weighting 
(%) (by 
value) 
  Belgium 
6  
255,078 
256.8 
      5.5  
2.8 
99.6  
6.8% 
  France 
18 
635,805 
687.8 
      5.1  
      4.2  
      93.5  
18.2% 
  Germany 
39 
1,326,362 
1,621.6 
4.8  
5.2  
98.9  
43.0% 
  Italy 
1 
10,056 
24.8 
     5.0  
9.4  
     100.0  
0.7% 
  Netherlands 
13 
556,704 
596.8 
5.3  
3.6  
       96.7  
15.8% 
  Spain 
13 
287,384 
497.1 
5.1  
8.5  
99.9  
13.2% 
Core - 
stabilised 
90 
3,071,390 
3,684.9 
     5.0 
5.1  
97.7  
97.7% 
Core - under 
construction 
(forward 
funding) 
1 
- 
39.8 
     3.7  
15.6  
     100.0  
1.1% 
Sub Total Core 
Portfolio 
91 
3,071,390 
3,724.7 
     5.0  
5.2  
97.7 
98.8% 
Enhanced 
return assets - 
Stabilised 
Poland 
1 
40,229 
4.9 
 -       
2.9  
   46.8 
0.1% 
Enhanced 
return assets - 
Stabilised 
(excl. Poland) 
2 
36,253 
31.6 
      5.2  
 5.3 
  100.0  
0.8% 
 
2 Excludes land and solar panels.

--- Page 178 ---
586291846 
178 
 
Country 
Number 
of 
estates 
Gross 
Leasable 
Area 
(sqm) 
Latest 
external 
valuation 
(€m) 
Equivalent 
yield (%) 
WALE to 
first break 
(years) (by 
income) 
Occupancy 
(%) (by 
income) 
 Weighting 
(%) (by 
value) 
Enhanced 
return assets - 
under 
construction 
1 
5,582 
9.6 
      4.7 
 5.0  
100.0  
0.3% 
Sub Total 
Enhanced 
Portfolio (Excl. 
Land) 
4 
82,063 
46.1 
5.1 
4.9 
84.4 
1.2% 
Total Portfolio 
18 
95 
3,153,453 
3,770.8 
5.0  
5.2  
97.4 
100.0% 
 
Geographic Distribution  
Since its launch in 2006, GEP has targeted predominantly the core western European markets 
of Germany, France, the Netherlands and Belgium which were complemented by an increased 
exposure to both southern (Spain, Italy) and central and eastern Europe (Poland, Hungary, 
Slovakia, Czech Republic) reflecting both their economic status and their importance as 
Logistics markets. However, as the Portfolio has grown and wider macroeconomic factors have 
evolved since its launch, GEP made the strategic decision to withdraw from central and eastern 
Europe in 2020 when both the standing GEP portfolio as well as Goodman’s operating platform 
were sold. These changes reflected GEP’s increased commitment to focusing on infill and multi-
modal locations in the core western and southern European markets of Germany, France, the 
Netherlands, Belgium, Italy and Spain. 
Largest Estates 
No single estate represents more than 4.1 per cent. of the Portfolio and GEP’s ten largest 
estates account for 24.7 per cent. of the Portfolio by asset value. The following chart details the 
ten largest estates by value as a percentage of the Portfolio as at 31 March 2024: 
Top 10 estates by Value 
Leipzig II 
Venlo I 
Rheinberg I 
Paris, Saint-Mard I 
Amiens 
Rotterdam, Alblasserdam I 
Hamburg, Seevetal 
Leipzig I 
Willebroek II 
Madrid, Gate I 
 
4.1%
3.8%
3.3%
2.3%
2.1%
1.9%
1.9%
1.8%
1.7%
1.7%

--- Page 179 ---
586291846 
179 
 
Portfolio Age 
GEP’s weighted average age of the core stabilised Portfolio (by value) is 9.7 years. As at 31 
March 2024, 28.6 per cent. of the core stabilised Portfolio had an age of less than five years, 
46.2 per cent. had an age of more than ten years and the remaining 25.1 per cent. had an age 
of between five and ten years. 
Customers 
Of the 109 GEP estates (95 estates excluding landbanks) within the Portfolio, 69 per cent. of 
the leased assets have one single customer and the remaining 31 per cent. are multi-tenanted. 
Only five customers comprise more than 5 per cent. of the income of the Portfolio. The chart 
below illustrates the industries in which GEP’s customers operate, as at 31 March 2024 based 
on look through of the 45 per cent. exposure to third party logistics providers.  
Sector diversification (weighted by income) 
E-commerce 
FMCG 
Electronics 
Apparel 
Other consumer goods 
Automotive 
Aerospace 
Other manufacturing goods 
Life science + healthcare 
Solar panels 
Other 
 
3PL customers may serve one or multiple customers from a single property. Modern Logistics 
properties of the type owned by GEP are typically constructed to industry standard specifications 
suitable for use by multiple potential customers.  
GEP’s ten largest customers account for 57.7 per cent. of income for the stabilised Portfolio. 
The following table summarises customer concentration as a percentage of the stabilised 
Portfolio income as at 31 March 2024: 
 
 
34.9%
17.0%
5.6%
2.2%
15.8%
11.8%
1.9%
4.9%
1.5%
0.5%
3.9%

--- Page 180 ---
586291846 
180 
 
Top 10 customers (by income) 
Amazon 
DB Schenker 
DSV 
Kuehne + Nagel 
BMW 
Nagel Group 
DHL 
Cdiscount 
CEVA 
Nabuurs 
 
Amazon is the world’s largest online retailer, with reported annual net sales of USD 575 billion 
and approximately USD 37 billion in net operating income3. Amazon exposure is spread across 
22 stabilised buildings in 4 countries and 4 different types of assets. 
DB Schenker is a leading global Logistics services provider with a gross annual revenues of 
€19.1 billion and annual EBIT adjusted of approximately €1.1 billion in 2023. DB Schenker is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of the Deutsche Bahn (DB) Group with revenues of approximately 
€45.2 billion, and an annual EBIT adjusted of approximately €1.0. billion4. 
DSV, another leading global Transport and Logistics services provider has revenues of DDK 
150.8 billion, gross annual profit of DKK 43.8 billion and DDK 12.4 billion of annual profit.5 
Management actively monitors and manages customer concentration and credit profile, within 
the context of a long-term objective to further diversify the Portfolio with respect to both customer 
and asset exposure. 
Leases 
As at 31 March 2024, GEP’s leases on core stabilised assets had a WALE to first break of 
approximately 5.1 years (by income). Approximately 2.6 per cent. of leases expire in less than 
one year.6 The following chart summarises the WALE to first break (by income) as a percentage 
of the Portfolio as at 31 March 2024: 
 
 
 
3 Amazon Inc. 2023 annual report. 
4 DB Group 2023 annual report. 
5 DSV 2023 annual report. 
6 Not including existing vacant space. 
23.3%
6.5%
6.5%
5.7%
5.1%
2.5%
2.2%
2.1%
2.1%
1.8%

--- Page 181 ---
586291846 
181 
 
 
Lease Expiry Profile (by income) 
Less than 1 year 
1-2 years 
2-3 years 
3-4 years 
4-5 years 
5-6 years 
6-7 years 
7-8 years 
More than 8 years 
GF 
 
GEP uses Goodman’s local market asset management teams to manage customer 
relationships and lease renewal proactively. In each of the last five years, GEP has successfully 
leased or re-leased at least 14 per cent. of the Portfolio (by income). 
Year 
Leasing activity as a percentage of total 
income per annum 
2019 
21.5 
2020 
17.1 
2021 
22.8 
2022 
25.3 
2023 
14.7 
Historical Occupancy (by income) 
Occupancy (stabilised core portfolio) 
 
Mar 2024 occupancy: 97.7% 
(%, by income)  
 
 
 
 
 
5-yr average: 99.0% 
 
As at 31 March 2024, the stabilised core Portfolio had an occupancy rate of 97.7 per cent. (by 
income). Management believes that the Portfolio continues to maintain high levels of occupancy 
relative to the wider market in which GEP operates. The 5 year average occupancy (by income) 
of GEP is at 99.0 per cent. and has remained above 95 per cent. (by income) at all times. 
86%
88%
90%
92%
94%
96%
98%
100%
2.6%
14.2%
15.9%
15.9%
10.3%
10.2%
7.5%
7.4%
16.1%

--- Page 182 ---
586291846 
182 
 
Management believes that GEP’s consistently strong performance reflects a number of factors 
including local market asset management expertise, portfolio quality and location and GEP’s 
limited risk appetite. 
PhotoVoltaic Installations 
As at 31 March 2024, GEP has 25 estates equipped with PV installations with a total capacity 
of circa 36.1MW. The following table provides a summary of the PV installations per country: 
Photovoltaic installations  
  
  
  
  
Asset 
Country 
Capacity 
(MW) 
PV area
(sqm) 
Projected 
Production 
(MWh/year) 
Completed solar panels1 
  
  
  
  
Boom
Belgium
1.0
4,969
966
Puurs
Belgium
3.2
18,000
2,746
Lens
France
0.5
4,250
829
Augsburg
Germany
1.0
5,858
1,000
Bremen, Strom I
Germany
0.8
3,737
670
Bremen, Strom II
Germany
0.4
1,765
321
Bremen, Strom III
Germany
0.8
3,748
667
Cologne
Germany
0.5
2,516
460
Hamburg, Dradenau 
Germany
0.7
3,516
622
Hamburg, Seevetal I 
Germany
1.9
9,450
1,684
Mönchengladbach III
Germany
0.8
3,783
700
Rheinberg I
Germany
5.2
26,000
4,726
Amsterdam I 
Netherlands
0.7
3,279
610
Nijmegen II
Netherlands
1.9
11,099
1,793
Nijmegen III 
Netherlands
1.3
6,297
1,189
Rotterdam, Alblasserdam I
Netherlands
6.8
33,303
6,569
Venlo III 
Netherlands
0.8
4,261
755
Venlo IV 
Netherlands
2.0
9,642
1,872
Barcelona III
Spain
0.7
3,500
961
Barcelona Port I
Spain
0.8
3,400
905
Barcelona, Can Estella
Spain
1.08
5400
1,440
Madrid, Gate I
Spain
1.28
5900
1,594
Madrid, Mostoles
Spain
0.75
3250
914
Barcelona, Montcada I
Spain
0.87
3750
997
Madrid, Vicalvaro
Spain
0.6
2900
804
Subtotal core assets, completed solar panels1
36.1
183,572.2
35,794.6
 
Selected Financial Information 
The following information has been extracted from (i) the audited consolidated financial 
statements of GEP as at and for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023 and (ii) 
the unaudited condensed financial report of GEP as at and for the three-month period ended 31 
March 2024.

--- Page 183 ---
586291846 
183 
 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income (summary) 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
(summary)   
FY 2022 
€ million 
FY 2023
€ million 
Q1 2024
€ million 
Net property income 
168.5 
189.1 
48.7 
Total expenses7 
38.0 
38.7 
(2.2) 
Net gains/(losses) from fair value adjustments on 
investments in property, share of net gains/(losses) from 
joint ventures and depreciation of solar panels 
(255.3) 
(263.3) 
(6.5) 
Net gains/(losses) from disposals of investments in 
property 
0.3 
0.2 
(0.2) 
Finance costs 
(15.8) 
(26.8) 
(8.1) 
Other finance costs8 
(7.7) 
(8.0) 
(2.1) 
Income tax 
9.4 
33.6 
(5.0) 
Result for the period attributable to Unitholders of 
GEP
(62.5) 
(36.7) 
24.7 
 
 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position (summary) 
Consolidated statement of financial 
position (summary)  
31 Dec 2022 
€ million 
31 Dec 2023
€ million 
31 Mar 2024 
€ million 
Cash and cash equivalents
30.8 
33.2 
38.5 
Receivables and other current assets
26.0 
29.9 
29.1 
Investments in property9
4,020.7 
3,888.6 
3,900.4 
Joint ventures
124.9 
119.1 
126.9 
Other non-current assets10 
25.5 
30.6 
29.5 
Total assets
4,228.1 
4,101.5 
4,124.6 
 
 
Payables and other borrowings (current and 
non-current)11
 
244.8 
 
157.5 
 
146.9 
Interest bearing liabilities (non-current)
983.8 
1,114.0 
1,144.4 
Lease liabilities (current and non-current)
160.1 
174.8 
178.4 
Deferred tax liabilities
345.0 
306.6 
308.5 
Total liabilities
1,733.7 
1,752.9 
1,778.1 
 
 
Net assets
2,494.4 
2,348.6 
2,346.4 
 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows (summary) 
Consolidated statement of cash flow (summary)   
FY 2022 
€ million 
FY 2023
€ million 
Q1 2024 
€ million 
Result before income tax
(71.9)
(70.2) 
29.7 
Adjusted for:
 
Net (gains)/losses from investments in property, joint 
ventures and depreciation of solar panels
255.0
 
263.1
 
6.3
 
7 Total expenses include performance fee reversals of €64.0 million (FY 2022), €63.7 million (FY 2023) and €4.1 
million (Q1 2024). 
8 Other finance costs include lease liabilities’ interest, net gains/(losses) from fair value adjustments on derivative 
financial instruments, net of finance income 
9 Investments in property include right-of-use assets (31 Dec 2022: €160.1 million, 31 Dec 2023: €174.8 million, 31 
Mar 2024: €178.4 million) 
10 Other non-current assets are made of solar panels, derivative financial instruments and deferred tax assets 
11 Non-current payables include performance fees provision (31 Dec 2022: €91.2 million, 31 Dec 2023: €8.8 million, 
31 Mar 2024: €4.8 million)

--- Page 184 ---
586291846 
184 
 
Other12
(51.9)
(62.7) 
(3.6) 
Net cash generated from operating activities
131.2
130.3 
32.5 
Payments for investments in property and solar panels
(525.9)
(97.5) 
(21.4) 
Net proceeds from disposals of investments in property
0.0
0.0 
6.4 
Payments/receipts for investments in/loans to joint ventures
(68.0)
(13.3) 
(7.3) 
Net cash from/used in investing activities
(593.9)
(110.8) 
(22.3) 
Proceeds from issue of Units
276.7
0.0 
0.0 
Equity raising costs
0.0
(0.6) 
0.0 
Proceeds from/(repayments of) interest bearing liabilities and 
other borrowings (incl. costs)
263.6
 
128.5 
 
29.6 
Net interest paid (incl. bank charges and agency fees)
(14.2)
(26.1) 
(5.4) 
Distributions paid
(98.2)
(109.1) 
(26.8) 
Lease liabilities payments
(9.1)
(9.9) 
(2.2) 
Net cash generated from/used in financing activities
418.6
(17.2) 
(4.9) 
 
Further financial information concerning GEP’s consolidated statement of financial position, 
consolidated statement of comprehensive income and consolidated statement of cash flows is 
available in (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of GEP as at and for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2022 and 2023 and (ii) the unaudited condensed financial report of 
GEP as at and for the three-month period ended 31 March 2024 
Debt Policy 
In accordance with the Investment Guidelines, the Management Company uses borrowings 
strategically, and will seek to maintain a long-term core level of borrowings (less Cash and Cash 
Equivalents (as each such term is used in GEP’s most recent consolidated financial 
statements)) equal to approximately 25-40 per cent. of Assets (less Cash and Cash Equivalents 
(as each such term is used in GEP’s most recent consolidated financial statements)). 
Further, the Management Regulations prohibit GEP, on a consolidated basis, from incurring: 
• 
any additional debt (other than refinancing existing debt or debt to fund previous 
commitments) where Leverage is more than 50 per cent. of GEP’s Assets (less Cash 
and Cash Equivalents (as each such term is used in GEP's most recent consolidated 
financial statements)); or 
• 
a Leverage of more than 60 per cent. of GEP's Assets (less Cash and Cash Equivalents 
(as each such term is used in GEP’s most recent consolidated financial statements)). 
Other than in respect of a €7.5 million crédit-bail maturing in 2027, GEP’s total indebtedness as 
at 31 March 2024 is all unsecured as summarised in the table below: 
Facility 
Type 
Size  
(€ million) 
Drawn  
(€ million) 
Maturity 
2015 RCF  
Unsecured revolving 
credit facility 
450.0 
425.0 
December 2026 
EMTN 
XS1506615282
Unsecured bond 
325.0 
325.0 
October 2026 
 
12 “Other” includes net (gains)/losses from fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments, finance income, 
finance costs (incl. lease liabilities’ interest), (increase)/decrease in current assets, increase/(decrease) in current 
liabilities, increase/(decrease) in other non-current liabilities and current income tax paid

--- Page 185 ---
586291846 
185 
 
Facility 
Type 
Size  
(€ million) 
Drawn  
(€ million) 
Maturity 
EMTN 
XS2029713349
Unsecured bond 
400.0 
400.0 
July 2029 
 
GEP’s weighted average cost of debt during the quarter ended 31 March 2024 (including costs 
associated with hedging, amortisation of expenses, and commitment fees) was 3.0 per cent. per 
annum. 
All of GEP’s debt facilities remain compliant with all financial covenants as of 31 March 2024 as 
summarised below: 
EMTN 
Test (%) 
Actual (%) 
Interest Cover 
150 
477.1 
Priority Debt 
30 
0.2 
Gearing 
60 
28.6 
 
2015 RCF  
Test (%) 
Actual (%) 
Interest Cover 
200 
477.1 
Priority Debt 
30 
0.2 
Gearing 
60 
28.1 
 
GEP’s financial risk management policy requires GEP to manage its exposure to interest rates 
through the utilisation of interest rate caps, interest rate swaps or fixed rate loans. 
As of 31 March 2024 GEP’s interest rate risk is primarily hedged through the issuance of fixed 
rate bonds under this Programme. 
In May 2024 GEP completed a €200 million secured financing, proceeds of which were used to 
repay drawings under the 2015RCF.

--- Page 186 ---
586291846 
186 
 
DESCRIPTION OF MANAGEMENT OF GEP 
Management Company 
The Management Company was incorporated on 20 November 2006 as a Luxembourg private 
limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) for an unlimited period of time under 
the laws of Luxembourg. The articles of incorporation of the Management Company dated 20 
November 2006 have been published in the Memorial C on 4 December 2006, number 2.264. 
On 8 December 2023, the Management Company changed its name from GELF Management 
(Lux) S.à r.l. to Goodman Funds Management (Lux) S.à r.l. Additionally, on the same day, the 
Management Company commenced acting as the AIFM of Goodman Japan Core Fund FCP-
RAIF that was previously managed by another Goodman Group affiliate (namely GJL 
Management (Lux) S.à r.l.). These changes came as a result of Goodman Group’s decision to 
simplify its funds management structure in Luxembourg. The restated and coordinated articles 
of incorporation of the Management Company dated 8 December 2023 have been published in 
the RESA on 2 February 2024. The Management Company is registered with the RCS under 
number B 121702. The Management Company was established under Chapter 14 of the law of 
December 2002 relating to undertakings for collective investment (the “2002 Act”) and is now 
governed by Chapter 16 of the law of 17 December 2010 relating to undertakings for collective 
investment, which has repealed the 2002 Act. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
subscribed and paid up capital of the Management Company amounts to €125,000, represented 
by 5,000 shares each having a nominal value of €25.00. 
The Management Company is wholly owned by Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, a company 
limited by shares and incorporated in Hong Kong with company number 1700359 (with a 
registered address of Suite 901, Three Pacific Place, 1 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong). Shares 
in GLHK are stapled to shares in GL and units in GIT and those shares and units cannot be 
traded separately (i.e. they trade together as Goodman Group securities). These Goodman 
Group securities trade on the Australian Securities Exchange under the ticker GMG and are 
widely held. Goodman Group (which includes GLHK) is not controlled by any one entity. 
The Management Company is vested with powers to administer and manage GEP in 
accordance with the Management Regulations and Luxembourg law and regulations in the 
exclusive interest of GEP’s Unitholders. The Management Company has been approved and 
licensed as an alternative investment fund manager (“AIFM”) in accordance with the AIFM Law. 
The Unitholders may elect to remove the Management Company by passing a resolution with a 
Simple Majority (the Units of Goodman being excluded for both the quorum and the majority 
requirements) if a court of first instance passes a judgment that either the Investment Advisor 
(as defined under “Service Agreements” below) is bankrupt or insolvent and/or the Management 
Company and/or the Investment Advisor and/or their directors, officers or employees have been 
Fraudulent or have committed any Wilful Misconduct or have been Grossly Negligent in the 
performance of their duties under the Management Regulations or the Investment Advisory 
Agreement, as the case may be. Such removal will only be effective when a successor 
management company takes over the functions of the Management Company and such 
successor management company has obtained the approval of: (i) the CSSF; and (ii) a Simple 
Majority of a General Meeting of the Unitholders.

--- Page 187 ---
586291846 
187 
 
The Unitholders may also elect to remove the Management Company by passing a resolution 
with a Special Majority (the Units of Goodman being excluded for both the quorum and the 
majority requirements) in case of a change of control, being defined as a transaction where a 
50 per cent. or more interest in the relevant company is acquired by another entity that is not 
part of the Goodman Group (the “Change of Control”), resulting in a “Review Event”, as 
defined below. 
(a) 
The Change of Control includes: 
 
a change of control either at the level of GLHK, GIT or GL or in any body corporate, 
limited partnership, trust, corporation, legal arrangement or other person, established in 
the European Union or in another jurisdiction, owned, wholly or in part (including those 
held for 50 per cent. or less) in the holding structure between each of GLHK, GIT or GL 
and the Management Company, being a change of control at the Goodman Group level; 
and/or 
 
a direct or indirect change of control of the Management Company or any member of 
the Goodman Group providing significant resources in relation to the management of 
GEP, being a change of control at the Management Company’s level. 
If a Change of Control event was to occur at the Goodman Group level, the Management 
Company has undertaken to procure that the new acquirer will be obliged to confirm to 
the Unitholders that its business strategy remains consistent with GEP’s strategy at the 
time of acquisition and that the senior management team will be primarily unchanged, 
or that the newly proposed senior management team includes the necessary skill set 
and experience to manage GEP. If the Management Company does not procure the 
delivery of such confirmation or the acquirer fails to deliver such confirmation, then a 
Review Event as defined under (c) below occurs. If a Change of Control event occurs 
at the Goodman Group level and an announcement of such change of control is made 
through the Australian Securities Exchange, the Management Company shall promptly 
provide Unitholders with written notice of such Change of Control. 
(b) 
If a Change of Control event occurs at the level of the Management Company, then a 
Review Event occurs. 
(c) 
In case of a Review Event, the Unitholders may elect to remove the Management 
Company by passing a resolution with a Special Majority (the Units of Goodman being 
excluded for both the quorum and majority requirements given the related party 
context). 
(d) 
Notwithstanding the above, no Review Event shall occur, either at the Goodman Group 
and/or Management Company level, if the proposed acquirer is a competitor of the 
Goodman Group, where a competitor is defined as a group which is also focused on 
the management of Logistics real estate assets on a pan-European or greater scale. 
Board of the Management Company 
The board of managers of the Management Company (the “Board”) is responsible for the 
strategic direction and management of GEP. The approval by the Board of major investment

--- Page 188 ---
586291846 
188 
 
decisions will be subject to a confirmation by the Investment Committee and/or the General 
Meeting (as detailed in the following sections). The Board will meet at least once a quarter and 
currently consists of four directors appointed by the Goodman Group. The current directors are 
Daniel Peeters, Dominique Prince, Hans Ongena and Henry Kelly, the latter as an independent 
external director. A biography of each director is set out below: 
Daniel Peeters 
Daniel is an Executive Director of Goodman Group. Daniel has been with Goodman since 2006 
and has more than 25 years of experience in the property and logistics sectors. Daniel is a 
director and/or representative of Goodman’s fund management entities, subsidiaries and 
partnerships in Europe and Brazil. During his career, Daniel has built up extensive experience 
in the design, implementation and outsourcing of pan-European supply chain and real estate 
strategies for various multinationals. Daniel was Chief Executive Officer of Eurinpro, a developer 
of tailor-made logistic property solutions in Europe acquired by Goodman in May 2006. The 
business address of Daniel Peeters is 5 rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg.  
Henry Kelly 
Henry currently runs KellyConsult S.a r.l., a Luxembourg based business consultancy he 
established in 1999 which serves companies operating in the financial sector, in particular in the 
area of investment funds. Henry’s key areas of expertise are business strategy, product design, 
product distribution, regulation and financial and operational management. He is an experienced 
Independent Director of several investment funds and investment management companies 
domiciled in Luxembourg and abroad. Prior to the establishment of KellyConsult S.a r.l., he 
worked for six years as a Director of Fleming Fund Management (Luxembourg) S.A. (now JP 
Morgan Asset Management) where he was a Managing Director responsible for finance, legal 
and compliance and product development. Henry served for 10 years (1995-2005) on the 
Executive Committee of ALFI (Association of the Luxembourg Fund Industry) and is a member 
and was the founding Chairman of the ALFI Fund Governance Forum, set up in 2011. He was 
a founding member of the Investment Funds Committee of ILA (Luxembourg Institute of 
Directors) and served on this Committee from 2008-2022. He was a member of the ILA 
Management Committee from 2019- 2021. He is an ILA Certified Director and is a holder of the 
INSEAD Certificate in Corporate Governance. 
Dominique Prince 
Dominique is a member of the Board of GEP’s AIFM based in Luxembourg and of other 
Goodman entities in Luxembourg. Dominique is a member of the Investment Management team 
responsible for the financial strategy, control, consolidation and reporting of the Luxembourg 
based AIFs and other entities managed by Goodman. Dominique is also a Conducting Officer 
for GEP’s AIFM. Based in Luxembourg, Dominique is responsible for the Goodman office in 
Luxembourg and manages relations with the tax advisors, the auditors, the depositary bank, the 
regulator and the central administration agent of the vehicles. Dominique joined the Goodman 
Group in 2008 and has over 20 years of experience in real estate and financial services having

--- Page 189 ---
586291846 
189 
 
worked previously at PwC. Dominique holds a Master’s degree in Business Administration from 
HEC Liege, Belgium. 
Hans Ongena 
Hans is a member of the Board of Managers of GEP, and a member of the Investment 
Management team, responsible for the overall strategy, management and performance of GEP 
and as such reports to the Investment Committee and investors. Hans joined Goodman in 2012 
and has since covered various roles within the Investment Management and Capital 
Transactions teams. Within GEP this included investor relations, reporting and forecasting, and 
oversight of acquisitions and sales of the assets of GEP in the period 2012 – 2016. Before 
joining Goodman Hans worked as an advisor in the corporate finance division of KPMG. He 
graduated with an MSc in applied economics at the University of Antwerp after which he 
obtained a Master’s degree in Financial Management at the Vlerick Business School. 
Conflict of Interest 
Daniel Peeters, Hans Ongena and Dominique Prince are employees and/or contractors of 
subsidiaries of the Goodman Group. Members of the Goodman Group have entered into 
agreements with one or more of the Obligors (including the Relationship Deed) and they may 
enter into further agreements with any Obligor. In addition, from time to time they may be 
appointed to the boards of subsidiaries of Goodman Group which may have dealings with the 
Group, including the sale and purchase of real estate. Since Daniel Peeters, Hans Ongena and 
Dominique Prince are remunerated by the Goodman Group, there may be a conflict between 
their interests in relation to the Management Company and their interests in relation to the 
Goodman Group as regards the performance of those existing agreements and the entry into 
any such further agreements. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no other existing 
conflicts of interest between a director’s duties to the board of directors of the Management 
Company, referred to in this “Description of Management of GEP” section, and their private 
interests and/or other duties. 
The Management Company acts as an AIFM for another fund managed by the Goodman Group, 
namely Goodman Japan Core Fund FCP-RAIF. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there is 
no conflict between the duties of the Management Company with respect to GEP and any other 
fund managed by the Goodman Group but there can be no assurance that such a conflict may 
not develop in the future. Any such conflict of interest will be identified and managed in 
accordance with the Management Company’s conflict of interest policy. 
Independent Auditor 
GEP has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, with registered office at 2, 
rue Gerhard Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg as its independent 
auditor (réviseur d’entreprises agréé). PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société cooperative, have 
been the independent auditor for the period covered by the historical financial information of 
GEP as set out in Documents Incorporated by Reference. 
GEP’s independent auditor is a member of the Luxembourg Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises.

--- Page 190 ---
586291846 
190 
 
Investment Committee 
The investment committee is a body established in accordance with Article 4 of the Management 
Regulations (the “Investment Committee”). It is constituted as a forum for appointees of 
Unitholders to meet with appointees of the Management Company in a consultative and 
confirmatory role. The role and responsibility of the Investment Committee in respect of the 
affairs of GEP are limited to the confirmation of Investment Committee Reserved Matters. 
Please refer to Article 4 of the Management Regulations for further details on the governance 
process, notice, frequency, location of meetings and fees and expenses of the Investment 
Committee. 
The Investment Committee is composed of a maximum of eight members, consisting of two 
Management Company appointees and six Unitholder appointees. 
Of the Unitholder appointees, the four Unitholders or groups of Unitholders advised by the same 
party (or which are part of the same Unitholder Group or Affiliates of each other) having the 
highest aggregate amount of issued Units and Uncalled Commitments (excluding Goodman) 
are appointed. Subject to Article 4.4 (b) of the Management Regulations, these members will 
remain members of the Investment Committee indefinitely unless they are removed and/or 
replaced, in their absolute discretion, by the Unitholder or group of Unitholders by whom they 
were appointed. If the aggregate amount of issued Units and Uncalled Commitments of the 
Unitholder or group of Unitholders (excluding Goodman) with the fourth and fifth highest 
aggregate amount of issued Units and Uncalled Commitments are identical, neither of them 
may appoint a Unitholder appointee. The two remaining Unitholder appointees are appointed 
as representatives of the remaining Unitholders (excluding Goodman). Appointees representing 
the remaining Unitholders are appointed for a minimum term of one year and a maximum term 
of two years, but can be re-elected. 
The Management Company appoints two members to the Investment Committee. The 
Management Company may, at any time and in its absolute discretion, change its appointees 
to the Investment Committee. 
The Management Company will, in its sole discretion, appoint one of the Management Company 
appointees to be the chairperson of the Investment Committee. The chairperson of the 
Investment Committee does not have any additional or casting vote. The current chairperson is 
Gregory Goodman. 
The quorum for an Investment Committee meeting is three appointees, with a minimum of one 
Management Company appointee and two Unitholder appointees. 
At a meeting of the Investment Committee, each appointee has one vote in respect of each Unit 
held by each Unitholder which that appointee represents but must cast all its votes in the same 
way. For this purpose: (i) the Management Company appointees shall each represent 50 per 
cent. of the Units held by Goodman; (ii) the Unitholder appointees appointed in the framework 
of Article 4.4(c) of the Management Regulations shall each represent 50 per cent. of the Units 
held by the Unitholders which they represent provided that where at any point in time only one 
Unitholder appointee is appointed in the framework of such article 4.4(c) that one Unitholder 
appointee shall represent all (100 per cent. rather than just 50 per cent.) of the Units held by the 
Unitholders which it represents; and (iii) when calculating the number of Units held by a

--- Page 191 ---
586291846 
191 
 
Unitholder any Uncalled Commitments of a Unitholder shall be notionally transformed into the 
corresponding amount of Units at the Latest Available Current Unit Value (ex) (as defined in the 
Management Regulations) determined at the time the notice to convene the Investment 
Committee meeting is dispatched by the Management Company. 
Where a decision requires the confirmation by a Special Majority of the Investment Committee, 
and that Special Majority confirmation is not achieved only because one single appointee 
prevented the achievement of the Special Majority decision, notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the Management Regulations, that Special Majority vote shall be deemed confirmed. 
For this purpose, the two Management Company appointees shall be deemed to be one single 
appointee and the two appointees appointed in the framework of article 4.4 (c) of the 
Management Regulations shall be deemed to be one single appointee. 
Each of the matters listed in Part A of the Investment Committee Reserved Matters requires the 
confirmation by a Simple Majority of the Investment Committee. Meanwhile, each of the matters 
listed in Part B of the Investment Committee Reserved Matters requires the confirmation by a 
Special Majority of the Investment Committee. 
All transactions involving a member of the Goodman Group are considered exclusively by the 
Unitholder appointees of the Investment Committee (and not by the appointees of the 
Management Company). 
Unitholders’ Meeting 
Subject to Article 20 of the Management Regulations, any Unitholder Reserved Matter must be 
approved by the Unitholders in a General Meeting of the Unitholders. 
The Management Company will convene and hold an annual general meeting of Unitholders on 
such date as determined in its sole discretion and will determine its agenda. The Management 
Company may at any time, in its sole discretion, call additional meeting(s) of Unitholders. In 
addition, Unitholders representing at least 5 per cent. of the issued Units, whether partially or 
fully paid in, may request the Management Company to call and hold meetings in accordance 
with the Management Regulations and Luxembourg law. In this case, the Unitholders will 
provide the agenda to the Management Company. 
Service Agreements 
The Management Company is responsible for the management of GEP. However, the 
Management Company has contracted with Goodman and third parties to provide certain 
services to GEP. These arrangements are set out below. 
Relationship Deed 
Goodman and the Management Company have entered into a relationship deed that governs 
their ongoing relationship (the “Relationship Deed”). The Relationship Deed contains the 
following right of first refusal:

--- Page 192 ---
586291846 
192 
 
 
over European13 Logistics property developments developed by Goodman; 
 
over European Logistics properties proposed to be divested by Goodman (held in its 
capacity as a principal investor or developer); 
 
over European Logistics properties proposed to be acquired by Goodman; and 
 
to co-invest in Development Land acquisitions with limited exceptions sourced by 
Goodman in continental Europe in return for an exclusive Development Management 
and Project Management Agreement on these sites. 
The right of first refusal gives GEP unique access to Logistics properties developed by 
Goodman. 
Since its launch in December 2006, GEP has benefited from access to high quality Logistics 
assets through its right of first refusal over Goodman’s continental European Logistics pipeline 
and development capabilities, as well as supplementing its property portfolio with a number of 
market acquisitions.  
Investment Advisor 
The Management Company has appointed Goodman Operator (UK) Ltd, Goodman Logistics 
Development (UK) Limited, Goodman Management Holdings (Lux) S.à r.l., Goodman 
Management Services (Belgium) NV and Goodman Logisinsure (Belgium) NV to act as GEP’s 
investment advisors (the “Investment Advisor”). From time to time, the Management Company 
may replace the Investment Advisor. The Investment Advisor will, subject to the supervision and 
liability of the Management Company: 
 
supply the necessary personnel and resources to the Management Company to allow 
the Management Company to perform certain of its obligations under the Management 
Regulations (including the provision of investment advice but excluding the making of 
any investment decisions) in accordance with GEP’s Investment Objectives, Investment 
Strategies, Investment Restrictions, Investment Guidelines and Investment Targets; 
and 
 
provide such other services as may be delegated or directed by the Management 
Company and accepted by the Investment Advisor. 
In accordance with the terms of the Management Regulations and the Investment Advisory 
Agreement, the Board may request that the Investment Advisor advise on, and/or direct the 
Investment Advisor to execute for the Management Company, acting for and on behalf of GEP, 
decisions, agreements, deeds, contracts or any other transaction documents in respect of any 
investment of GEP or any disposal of an investment of GEP. 
 
13 In each case, Member States of the EU other than the UK, or countries that are seeking to accede to the EU from 
time to time.

--- Page 193 ---
586291846 
193 
 
Property Manager 
The Management Company and certain Intermediary Vehicles that hold property have 
delegated the day-to-day property services functions, on an asset by asset basis, according to 
the nature and location of the relevant property to the Property Manager on arm’s length terms. 
The Management Company and certain Intermediary Vehicles that hold property have 
appointed the Property Manager to provide property management services in respect of the 
assets of GEP. The Property Manager is required to provide a capability statement to GEP 
annually and GEP may require the Property Manager to redress any deficiencies in the 
personnel and resources which the Property Manager applies to the provision of such property 
services. The fees payable to the Property Manager are subject to an annual review, which is 
backed up by an expert appointed to advise: 
 
on the appropriate market fee benchmarks; and 
 
if so instructed by GEP, whether the fees proposed to be payable to the Property 
Manager for the next 12 months match arm’s length terms. 
Depositary 
The depositary to GEP is Brown Brothers Harriman (Luxembourg) S.C.A. (“GEP Depositary”). 
It is licensed to engage in all banking operations under Luxembourg law. 
GEP Depositary has been entrusted with the following three main duties: 
 
monitoring of GEP’s cash 
 
safekeeping of GEP’s assets 
 
oversight of certain transactions and operations related to GEP as further described 
below. 
The main duties referred to in the foregoing paragraph, as well as any additional duties which 
GEP Depositary has been entrusted with, are more fully described in the Depositary Agreement 
between the Management Company, acting on behalf of GEP, and GEP Depositary. 
GEP Depositary has the following oversight duties: 
 
ensure that the sale, issue, transfer, redemption and cancellation of the Units effected 
on behalf of GEP or by the Management Company are carried out in accordance with 
applicable law and the Management Regulations; 
 
ensure that the value of the Units is calculated in accordance with applicable laws and 
the Management Regulations; 
 
carry out the instructions of the Management Company, unless they conflict with 
applicable law or the Management Regulations;

--- Page 194 ---
586291846 
194 
 
 
ensure that in transactions involving GEP’s assets, any consideration is remitted to GEP 
within the usual settlement dates; and 
 
ensure that the income attributable to GEP is applied in accordance with the 
Management Regulations. 
GEP Depositary has not contractually discharged its liability and has not delegated any of its 
safekeeping functions to a third party service provider or correspondent. 
Distributions 
GEP’s Management Regulations prescribe the Management Company to distribute 100 per 
cent. of GEP’s distributable earnings. Distributions are paid on a quarterly basis. 
As a Luxembourg domiciled fund, GEP is not subject to the minimum pay-out ratios for tax 
purposes which may apply to real estate investment trusts in other jurisdictions. Management, 
with the support of Unitholders, has deferred distributions when deemed necessary to improve 
the credit profile of GEP in response to adverse market conditions. 
Significant Recent Developments 
Subsequent to the December 2023 year-end, GEP has made no new capital calls. 
In May 2024 GEP completed a €200 million secured debt facility, proceeds of which were used 
to repay drawings under the 2015 RCF.

--- Page 195 ---
586291846 
195 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE OTHER GUARANTORS 
DESCRIPTION OF GEH 
Incorporation and Status 
GEH was incorporated on 5 December 2006 as a private limited liability company (société à 
responsabilité limitée) for an unlimited period of time under the laws of Luxembourg. The articles 
of incorporation of GEH dated 5 December 2006 have been published in the Mémorial C, on 29 
December 2006, number L060142805 and were lastly amended on 29 October 2012, published 
in the Mémorial C on 27 November 2012, number L120203787 (the “GEH Articles of 
Incorporation”). The registered office of GEH is 5 rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and its telephone number is +352 2636 3220. GEH is registered 
with RCS under number B 122752. 
GEH is a direct subsidiary of GEP. For a structure diagram which shows the position of GEH 
within the Group, see “Description of the Guarantors - Description of GEP - Overview of GEP’s 
Structure” above. 
GEH holds interests in subsidiaries that indirectly hold real property. GEH is also the direct 
holding company of the Issuer and GIS. 
GEH is an intermediate holding company within the Group and it does not undertake any 
operational activities other than borrowing and lending funds to and from other members of the 
Group, providing the Notes Guarantee in respect of the Programme and undertaking unsecured 
hedging.  
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the GEH Articles of 
Incorporation (with an English translation thereof): (i) will be available for inspection at the 
statutory seat of GEH and from the specified offices of the Paying Agent for the time being in 
London and Luxembourg; or (ii) may be made available to Noteholders (upon request and 
satisfactory proof of holding) via email by the Paying Agent. 
Purpose 
The purpose of GEH, as set out in article 3 of the GEH Articles of Incorporation, includes the 
provision of any form of financing directly or indirectly to GEH and its wholly-owned subsidiaries 
and the issue of stock, bonds, debentures, notes and other securities of any kind to the above 
effect. 
GEH may lend or borrow with or without security or collateral, provided that such activities 
comply with the covenants set out in GEH’s finance documents and the Management 
Regulations. 
In general, GEH may undertake any financial, commercial, industrial or real estate transactions 
which it may deem useful in the accomplishment and development of its purpose and, in such 
context, it may give or receive guarantees, issue all types of securities and financial instruments 
and enter into any type of hedging, trading or derivatives transactions.

--- Page 196 ---
586291846 
196 
 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, GEH’s share capital is €2,000,000 represented by 
80,000 shares, each with a nominal value of €25.00 and each carrying one voting right in the 
general meeting of shareholders. All shares are in registered form and have been fully paid up 
in cash. 
The sole shareholder of GEH is GEP.  
Directors 
GEH has a board of directors, currently comprising three directors: 
 
Dominique Prince (see “Board of the Management Company” for further details);  
 
Henry Kelly (see “Board of the Management Company” for further details); and 
 
Hans Ongena (see “Board of the Management Company” for further details). 
Dominique Prince and Hans Ongena are employees and/or contractors of subsidiaries of the 
Goodman Group. 
Independent Auditor 
GEH’s accounts are not separately audited (see “Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Group’s 
business – Stand-alone financial statements for each Guarantor have not been included in this 
Base Prospectus”). 
Financial Year 
GEH’s financial year is from 1 January to 31 December in each year. 
Conflict of Interest 
Dominique Prince and Hans Ongena are employees and/or contractors of subsidiaries of the 
Goodman Group. Members of the Goodman Group have entered into agreements with one or 
more of the Obligors (including the Relationship Deed) and they may enter into further 
agreements with any Obligor. In addition, from time to time they may be appointed to the boards 
of subsidiaries of Goodman Group which may have dealings with the Group, including the sale 
and purchase of real estate. Since Dominique Prince and Hans Ongena are remunerated by 
the Goodman Group, there may be a conflict between their interests in relation to GEH and their 
interests in relation to the Goodman Group as regards the performance of those existing 
agreements and the entry into any such further agreements. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, there are no other existing conflicts of interest between a director’s duties to the 
board of directors of GEH, referred to in this “Description of GEH” section, and their private 
interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 197 ---
586291846 
197 
 
Material Contracts 
GEH is not party to any contracts outside the ordinary course of its business that have been or 
may reasonably be expected to be material to GEH’s ability to meet its obligations to 
Noteholders. 
Recent events 
Other than the events disclosed elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, there are no recent events 
particular to GEH which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of GEH’s solvency.

--- Page 198 ---
586291846 
198 
 
DESCRIPTION OF GIS 
Incorporation and Status 
GIS was incorporated on 30 May 2006 as a private limited liability company (société à 
responsabilité limitée) for an unlimited period of time under the laws of Luxembourg. The articles 
of incorporation of GIS dated 30 May 2006 have been published in the Mémorial C on 11 August 
2006, number 1542 and were lastly amended on 23 January 2014, published in the Mémorial C 
on 24 April 2014, number 1046 (the “GIS Articles of Incorporation”). The registered office of 
GIS is 5 rue de Strasbourg, L-2561, Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and its 
telephone number is +352 2636 3220. GIS is registered with the RCS under number B 117053. 
GIS is a direct subsidiary of GEH and an indirect subsidiary of GEP. For a structure diagram 
which shows the position of GIS within the Group, see “Description of the Guarantors - 
Description of GEP - Overview of GEP’s Structure” above. 
GIS holds interests in subsidiaries that directly or indirectly hold real property. 
GIS is an intermediate holding company within the Group and it does not undertake any 
operational activities other than borrowing and lending funds to and from other members of the 
Group, and providing the Notes Guarantee in respect of the Programme. 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, the GIS Articles of 
Incorporation (with an English translation thereof): (i) will be available for inspection at the 
statutory seat of GIS and from the specified offices of the Paying Agent for the time being in 
London and Luxembourg; or (ii) may be made available to Noteholders (upon request and 
satisfactory proof of holding) via email by the Paying Agent. 
Purpose 
The purpose of GIS, as set out in article 2 of the GIS Articles of Incorporation, includes the 
provision of any form of financing directly or indirectly to GEP and its affiliates or to any other 
company. 
GIS may lend or borrow with or without security or collateral, provided that such activities comply 
with the covenants set out in GEP’s finance documents and the Management Regulations. 
In general, GIS may undertake any financial, commercial, industrial or real estate transactions 
which it may deem useful in the accomplishment and development of its purpose and, in such 
context, it may give or receive guarantees, issue all types of securities and financial instruments 
and enter into any type of hedging, trading or derivatives transactions. 
Share Capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, GIS’s share capital is €1,000,000 represented by 40,000 
shares, each with a nominal value of €25.00 and each carrying one voting right in the general 
meeting of shareholders. All shares are in registered form and have been fully paid up in cash. 
The sole shareholder of GIS is GEH.

--- Page 199 ---
586291846 
199 
 
Directors 
GIS has a board of directors, currently comprising three directors: 
 
Dominique Prince (see “Board of the Management Company” for further details);  
 
Joseph Salvaggio; and  
 
Hans Ongena (see “Board of the Management Company” for further details). 
Joseph Salvaggio joined Goodman in 2013 and is responsible for GEP’s financial controls, 
review of the accounts and consolidation of the controlled entities. Joseph is based in 
Luxembourg and part of the Investment Management team. Prior to joining Goodman, he gained 
five years of experience in real estate funds reporting, initially as a Senior Auditor at PwC 
Luxembourg and then as consolidation officer at RBC Investor Services. Joseph graduated with 
a Master’s degree in Business Administration from University of Namur, Belgium in 2008. The 
business address of Joseph Salvaggio is 5 rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg.  
Hans Ongena, Dominique Prince and Joseph Salvaggio are employees and/or contractors of 
subsidiaries of the Goodman Group.  
Independent Auditor 
GIS’s accounts are not separately audited (see “Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Group’s 
business – Stand-alone financial statements for each Guarantor have not been included in this 
Base Prospectus”). 
Financial Year 
GIS’s financial year is from 1 January to 31 December in each year. 
Conflict of Interest 
Hans Ongena, Dominique Prince and Joseph Salvaggio are employees and/or contractors of 
subsidiaries of the Goodman Group. Members of the Goodman Group have entered into 
agreements with one or more of the Obligors (including the Relationship Deed) and they may 
enter into further agreements with any Obligor. In addition, from time to time they may be 
appointed to the boards of subsidiaries of Goodman Group which may have dealings with the 
Group, including the sale and purchase of real estate. Since Hans Ongena, Dominique Prince 
and Joseph Salvaggio are remunerated by the Goodman Group, there may be a conflict 
between their interests in relation to GIS and their interests in relation to the Goodman Group 
as regards the performance of those existing agreements and the entry into any such further 
agreements. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no other existing conflicts of 
interest between a director’s duties to the board of directors of GIS, referred to in this 
“Description of GIS” section, and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 200 ---
586291846 
200 
 
Material Contracts 
GIS is not party to any contracts outside the ordinary course of its business that have been or 
may reasonably be expected to be material to GIS’ ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders.  
Recent events 
Other than the events disclosed elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, there are no recent events 
particular to GIS which are to a material extent relevant to an evaluation of GIS’s solvency.

--- Page 201 ---
586291846 
201 
 
SELECTED DEFINITIONS14 
Defined terms have the meanings set out in the Management Regulations, unless otherwise 
defined in this Base Prospectus. In addition, the following terms shall have the meanings set 
forth below unless the context requires otherwise: 
“2015 RCF” means the credit agreement between, among others, (1) GEH as borrower; (2) 
each other Obligor, C€LOGIX N.V. and C€LOGIX Properties Holding B.V as guarantors; and (3) 
BNP Paribas, ING Bank N.V. and The Royal Bank of Scotland plc as lenders, dated 23 February 
2015 as amended and restated from time to time, pursuant to which GEH has access to total 
commitments of €450 million with a final termination date of 22 December 2026; 
“Affiliate” means in respect of an entity, any entity directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, 
or under common control with, such entity; 
“Asset” means all the assets of GEP as are to be reported under IFRS, including, inter alia, 
Real Estate, securities, provisions and rights of GEP; 
“Budget” means a budget adopted under Article 21.2 of the Management Regulations for each 
Financial Year which will project the income, expenses and profits (both on revenue and on 
capital account) and cash flow of GEP and the Subsidiaries based on its position at the 
commencement of the Financial Year and the projected operations under the Business Plan; 
“Business Plan” means the Financial Year business plan for GEP and the Subsidiaries 
prepared under Article 21.2 of the Management Regulations; 
“Capital Return Proposal” means a proposal by the Management Company to the Investment 
Committee, from time to time, to return capital to Unitholders either by way of a distribution 
and/or a redemption of Units; 
“Cash and Cash Equivalents” has the meaning given to it in GEP’s most recent consolidated 
financial statements; 
“Commitment” means, with respect to each Investor, the maximum amount (denominated in 
euro) agreed to be contributed to GEP pursuant to its Subscription Form(s) (including any 
existing and additional Commitment(s) made by such Investor); 
“Contributed Capital” means, in respect of each Investor, the aggregate amount of its 
Commitment that has been contributed and paid to GEP pursuant to one or more Call Notice(s) 
(as defined in the Management Regulations); 
“Dual Currency Notes” is as set out on page 15 of this Base Prospectus; 
“EBITDA” means earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (see further 
“Alternative Performance Measures” below); 
 
14 SM Note: The definitions correspond to the latest draft of the Management Regulations reviewed by us but to be 
double-checked closer to signing.

--- Page 202 ---
586291846 
202 
 
“EEA” means the European Economic Area; 
“ESG Targets” means the following: 
(a) 
obtaining a Green Building Certification for substantially all Real Estate 
investments held by GEP on or after 30 June 2025; 
(b) 
achieving obtaining a Green Building Certification of at least the BREEAM 
excellent rating (or equivalent rating for other Green Building Certifications) for 
substantially all Real Estate investments that are development projects, the 
development of which commenced on or after 1 January 2023; 
(c) 
maintaining for GEP at least the GRESB 4 star rating for the purpose of the 
GRESB real estate benchmark score (or the equivalent for any successor 
benchmark); 
(d) 
having installed a PV capacity across GEP’s portfolio of Real Estate 
investments of 70 Mwp PV by 31 December 2025 and maintain this as from this 
date forward; 
(e) 
installing 100% LED lighting systems across substantially all warehouse 
investments held by GEP on or after 31 December 2023; 
(f) 
installing charging facilities for electric vehicles across substantially all Real 
Estate investments held by GEP on or after 31 December 2025; 
(g) 
the Management Company, Investment Advisor or Property Manager (as 
appropriate) having used commercially reasonable endeavours to perform a 
third party physical climate risk assessment for substantially all stabilised Real 
Estate investments held by GEP on or after 30 June 2023; 
(h) 
from 1 January 2023, only developing Real Estate investments which are either 
brownfield developments or non-brownfield developments which are foreseeing 
appropriate (as determined in the reasonable discretion of the Management 
Company, Investment Advisor or Property Manager (as appropriate)) greenfield 
compensation; 
(i) 
the Management Company, Investment Advisor or Property Manager (as 
appropriate) using commercially reasonable endeavours to complete an 
externally developed ESG assessment for the most material (as determined by 
the Management Company, Investment Advisor or Property Manager (as 
appropriate) in their sole discretion) suppliers of GEP, by 31 December 2025; 
and 
(j) 
the Investment Advisor or Property Manager (as appropriate) using 
commercially reasonable endeavours to discuss and negotiate on behalf of 
GEP and its subsidiaries, appropriate, as determined in the reasonable 
discretion of the Investment Advisor or Property Manager (as appropriate),

--- Page 203 ---
586291846 
203 
 
green lease clauses and concepts into all new leases (excluding any lease 
renewals or extensions) entered into with new tenants after 1 January 2023. 
“EU” means the European Union; 
“EURIBOR” means Euro Interbank Offered Rate; 
“External Appraiser” means an appraiser appointed from time to time by the Management 
Company appraising the value of properties and property rights; 
“Financial Year” means the financial year of GEP which starts on 1 January of each year and 
ends on 31 December of the same year; 
“Financing Proposal” means entering into, or a restructuring of, a financial accommodation 
(which may include any Secured Debt) provided to the GEP Group, excluding any intra-group 
debt within the GEP Group, in excess of €20 million; 
“Fraudulent” means a false representation by means of a statement or conduct made knowingly 
or recklessly to gain an advantage; 
“French Tax Code” means the code general d’impôts in force in France; 
“General Meeting” means a general meeting of Unitholders, being either an Annual General 
Meeting or an Extraordinary General Meeting; 
“GEP Group” or “Group” means the Management Company acting for and on behalf of GEP 
and its Subsidiaries; 
“GIT” means Goodman Industrial Trust (ARSN 091 213 839 – established in Australia) and, 
where the context requires, Goodman Funds Management Limited (ACN 067 796 641 – 
established in Australia) acting as responsible entity for the Goodman Industrial Trust, each 
having its registered office at The Hayesbery, 1-11 Hayes Road, Rosebery NSW 2018, Australia; 
“GL” means Goodman Limited, (ABN 69 000 123 071 – established in Australia) having its 
registered office at The Hayesbery, 1-11 Hayes Road, Rosebery NSW 2018, Australia; 
“GLHK” means Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, (registered number 1700359 – established in 
Hong Kong) having its registered office at Suite 901, Three Pacific Place, 1 Queen’s Road East, 
Hong Kong; 
“Goodman” or “Goodman Group” means GLHK, GIT and GL and each of their controlled 
entities; 
“Green Building Certification” means a certification by a third party such as BREEAM, LEED, 
HQE, DGNB or other similar green building accreditation scheme. 
“Gross Asset Value” means the gross value of the Assets (disregarding Liabilities);

--- Page 204 ---
586291846 
204 
 
“Grossly Negligent” means high degree of negligence, manifested in behaviour substantially 
worse than that of the average reasonable man; 
“Index Linked Notes” is as set out on page 15 of this Base Prospectus; 
“Information Memorandum” means the current version of the Information Memorandum of 
GEP, as approved by the CSSF; 
“Institutional Investors” are: 
(A) 
institutional investors stricto sensu, such as banks and other professionals of 
the financial sector, insurance and reinsurance companies, social security 
institutions and pension funds, industrial, commercial and financial group 
companies, all subscribing on their own behalf, and the structures which such 
institutional investors put into place for the management of their own assets; 
(B) 
credit institutions and other professionals of the financial sector investing in their 
own name but on behalf of institutional investors as defined under (a) above; 
(C) 
credit institutions or other professionals of the financial sector established in 
Luxembourg or abroad which invest in their own name but on behalf of their 
non-institutional clients on the basis of a discretionary management mandate; 
(D) 
collective investment undertakings established in Luxembourg or abroad, even 
if its own investors may not be regarded as being institutional investors; 
(E) 
holding companies or similar entities, whether Luxembourg-based or not, 
whose shareholders are institutional investors as described in the foregoing 
paragraphs; 
(F) 
territorial administrative bodies (e.g. regions, provinces, cantons, communes, 
municipalities), in so far as these bodies invest their own funds; 
(G) 
a holding company or company of similar nature, established in Luxembourg or 
abroad, even if its own shareholders are not institutional investors. It is, 
however, required that it is a holding company, or similar company, which has a 
real substance, and a proper structure and activity in the sense that it holds 
important financial interests; and/or 
(H) 
a “family” type holding company or company of similar nature, established in 
Luxembourg or abroad, even if its own shareholders are not institutional 
investors. It is, however, required that it is a holding company, or similar 
company, by which a family or a branch of a family holds important financial 
interests; 
“Interested Unitholder” has the meaning set out in Article 12.1 of the Management Regulations; 
“Intermediary Vehicle” means any body corporate, limited partnership, trust, corporation, legal 
arrangement or other person, established in the European Union or in another jurisdiction,

--- Page 205 ---
586291846 
205 
 
owned, wholly or in part (including those held for fifty per cent (50%) or less) by GEP, directly or 
indirectly, for the purpose of holding, directly or indirectly, Real Estate or financing other 
Intermediary Vehicles; 
“Investment Advisory Agreement” means the investment advisory agreement dated 23 June 
2008 as amended and restated from time to time, between, amongst others, the Management 
Company and the Investment Advisor(s);  
“Investment Committee Reserved Matters” means the following matters reserved for 
confirmation by the Investment Committee:  
Part A – Matters which require a Simple Majority: 
(A) 
Any Investment Proposal where the anticipated cost or receipt is less than or 
equal to 25 per cent. of the Gross Asset Value most recently approved by the 
Board or any Financing Proposal; 
(B) 
Budget or Business Plan proposed by the Board; 
(C) 
The adjustment, compromising, settling or submission to arbitration and the 
institution, prosecution and defence of all actions or claims in favour of or 
against GEP, a Subsidiary of GEP or an Intermediary Vehicle greater than 
€5,000,000; 
(D) 
Any matter that relates to an agreement between GEP, a Subsidiary of GEP or 
an Intermediary Vehicle (on the one hand) and a Unitholder (or any of its 
Affiliates) or a member of the Goodman Group (on the other hand), excluding 
matters relating to the appointment or removal of the Management Company, 
the negotiation, signing and execution of the initial agreements concluded with 
all the service providers of GEP and the acquisition of the initial portfolio and 
the financing thereof. Investment Committee members appointed by the 
Interested Unitholder or the relevant member of the Goodman Group are 
excluded from voting. However, the Subscription Forms do not require 
confirmation; 
(E) 
The use of an External Appraiser in relation to a single property of GEP for more 
than two consecutive years; 
(F) 
The replacement Key Person(s) put forward by the Management Company in 
accordance with Articles 3.8.1 and/or 3.8.4 of the Management Regulations; 
(G) 
The issue of Units, the number of which is equal to or exceeds 25 per cent. but 
is less than 50 per cent. of the number of Units in issue immediately before the 
issue of those Units;  
(H) 
The direct or indirect investment in a Pooled Intermediary Vehicle; and  
(I) 
Any change to the ESG Targets.

--- Page 206 ---
586291846 
206 
 
Part B – Matters which require a Special Majority: 
(A) 
Merging or amalgamating GEP, a Subsidiary of GEP or an Intermediary Vehicle 
with any other entity that is not a member of the Group or an Intermediary 
Vehicle, where the gross value of the assets (disregarding the liabilities) of that 
other entity represents an amount up to or equal to 25 per cent. of the Gross 
Asset Value most recently approved by the Board; 
(B) 
Acquisition of an individual Real Estate without having previously obtained, in 
accordance with Article 10.1(c) of the Management Regulations, a valuation 
report from the External Appraiser; 
(C) 
Appointment of any financial advisor that would assist in an IPO together with 
the scope of the engagement provided to such financial advisor, in accordance 
with Article 16 of the Management Regulations; 
(D) 
The extension of an Initial Commitment Period, in accordance with Article 8.5.2 
of the Management Regulations; and 
(E) 
Any Capital Return Proposal (for the avoidance of doubt and without limitation 
representatives of the Management Company on the Investment Committee 
are entitled to vote on the Investment Committee confirmation of a Capital 
Return Proposal). 
“Investment Objectives”, “Investment Restrictions”, “Investment Guidelines”, “Investment 
Strategy” and “Investment Targets” means the investment objectives, investment restrictions, 
investment guidelines and investment strategy in Article 7 of the Management Regulations and 
the investment targets contained in the Information Memorandum; 
“Investment Proposal” means any proposed investment, any disposal or any expenditure 
where the anticipated cost or receipt exceeds €20 million; 
“Investor” means any Well Informed Investor that signed a Subscription Form (for the avoidance 
of doubt, this includes Unitholders, where appropriate); 
“IPO” means initial public offering; 
“Key Person” means Gregory Goodman, Daniel Peeters or Philippe Van der Beken as replaced 
in accordance with Article 3.8 of the Management Regulations;  
“Leverage” means the sum of current and non-current interest-bearing liabilities (as each such 
term is used in GEP’s most recent consolidated financial statements) less Cash and Cash 
Equivalents; 
“Liabilities” means all present liabilities of GEP including any provision taken into account in 
determining the liabilities of GEP but excluding the amount represented by the Units, 
undistributed profits, interest attributable to Unitholders, capital reserves, or any other amount 
representing the value of rights attaching to Units regardless of whether characterised as capital 
or debt in the accounts of GEP;

--- Page 207 ---
586291846 
207 
 
“Logistics” means the process of planning, implementing and controlling the efficient, effective 
flow and storage of goods, services and related information from point of origin to point of 
consumption to conform to customer requirements; 
“Management” means the Board and/or the Managers, as the context requires; 
“Management Regulations” means the document governing GEP and entered into between 
the Management Company and the GEP Depositary; 
“Manager” means a member of the Board; 
“Pooled Intermediary Vehicle” means any Intermediary Vehicle that is a collective investment 
undertaking; 
“Portfolio” means the real estate assets and investments in real estate assets held by the Group 
from time to time; 
“Professional Investor” means a professional client within the meaning of MiFID II, or UK 
MiFIR, as applicable; 
“Property Manager” means in respect to Real Estate such person as is appointed as property 
manager of such Real Estate in accordance with the Management Regulations; 
“Real Estate” means: 
(A) 
property consisting of land and/or buildings registered in the name of GEP; 
(B) 
direct and indirect participations in real estate companies (including claims on 
such companies), the exclusive object and purpose of which is the acquisition, 
promotion and sale as well as the letting of property provided that these 
shareholdings must be at least as liquid as the property rights held directly by 
GEP; 
(C) 
direct and indirect participations in property-related long-term interests such as 
surface ownership, leasehold and options on real estate investments; 
(D) 
green energy project investments related to the properties listed above under 
(a), (b) and (c), including solar panels and wind turbines; and 
(E) 
any other meaning as given to the term by the CSSF and any applicable laws 
and regulations from time to time in Luxembourg; 
“Secured Debt” means financial accommodation borrowed by GEP, a Subsidiary of GEP or an 
Intermediary Vehicle from a financial institution to fund an Investment Proposal and which is 
secured against some or all of the Assets; 
“Simple Majority” means:

--- Page 208 ---
586291846 
208 
 
(A) 
in the case of Unitholders, Unitholders that together hold more than 50 per cent. 
of the total voting rights of Unitholders present or represented at the relevant 
General Meeting and who are entitled to vote on the resolution concerned; and 
(B) 
in the case of the Investment Committee, more than 60 per cent. of the total 
voting rights of the appointees present or represented at the relevant 
Investment Committee meeting and who are entitled to vote on the resolution 
concerned; 
“SOFR” means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published by the Federal Reserve Bank 
of New York (or its successor); 
“SONIA” means the Sterling Overnight Index Average published by the Bank of England (or its 
successor); 
“Special Majority” means: 
(A) 
in the case of Unitholders, Unitholders that together hold more than 75 per cent. 
of the total voting rights of Unitholders present or represented at the relevant 
General Meeting and who are entitled to vote on the resolution concerned; and 
(B) 
in the case of the Investment Committee, more than 75 per cent. of the total 
voting rights of the appointees present or represented at the relevant 
Investment Committee meeting and who are entitled to vote on the resolution 
concerned; 
“sqm” means square metres; 
“Subscription Form” means the agreement between the Management Company and each 
Unitholder setting forth: 
(A) 
the Commitment of such Unitholder; and 
(B) 
the rights and obligations of such Unitholder in relation to its subscription for 
Units; 
“TEFRA” means Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982; 
“UK” means the United Kingdom; 
“Uncalled Commitments” means, in respect of a Unitholder, its Commitment less its 
Contributed Capital for the time being. 
“Unit” means a basic measurement of co-ownership participation in GEP issued by the 
Management Company pursuant to the Management Regulations; 
“Unitholder” means the registered holder of a Unit (for the avoidance of doubt, this term 
includes, where appropriate, the Investors);

--- Page 209 ---
586291846 
209 
 
“Well Informed Investor” means a person which qualifies as a well-informed investor pursuant 
to article 2 of the SIF Law as amended or replaced from time to time, relating to specialised 
investment funds, excluding any physical persons. Article 2 of this law provides that a Well 
Informed Investor is: 
(A) 
an Institutional Investor; 
(B) 
a Professional Investor; or 
(C) 
any other investor who fulfils the following conditions: 
(i) 
declares in writing that he adheres to the status of well-informed 
investor and invests a minimum of €100,000 or an equivalent amount 
in any other currency in GEP; or 
(ii) 
declares in writing that he adheres to the status of well-informed 
investor and provides an assessment made by a credit institution within 
the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, by an investment firm 
within the meaning of MiFID II, by a management company within the 
meaning of Directive 2009/65/EC or by an authorised AIFM within the 
meaning of the AIFM Directive, certifying his expertise, his experience 
and his knowledge in adequately appraising an investment in the Notes; 
and 
“Wilful Misconduct” means intentionally doing something that is wrong.

--- Page 210 ---
586291846 
210 
 
 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus includes certain financial metrics which the Issuer considers to constitute 
alternative performance measures (“APMs”) and which are provided in addition to the 
conventional performance measures established by IFRS, specifically: 
 
the ratio of Consolidated Total Net Borrowings to Consolidated Total Assets (referred to 
as the “Gearing” of the Group);  
 
the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA to Consolidated Finance Costs (referred to as the 
“Interest Cover” of the Group); and 
 
the ratio of Consolidated Priority Borrowings to Consolidated Total Assets (referred to 
as the “Priority Debt” of the Group). 
These non-IFRS performance measures should not be considered in isolation or as an 
alternative to results from operating activities, cash flow from operating, investing or financing 
activities or other financial performance measures of the Group’s results of operations or liquidity 
derived in accordance with IFRS. These APMs have been included in this Base Prospectus 
because they are useful measures of performance and liquidity. Other investment vehicles, 
including those in similar industries, may calculate similarly titled financial performance 
measures differently. Because not all investment vehicles calculate these financial performance 
measures in the same manner, the presentation of such financial performance measures by the 
Group may not be comparable to other similarly titled performance measures used by other 
investment vehicles. Although certain of this data has been extracted or derived from the 
financial statements incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus, this data has not been 
audited or reviewed by the independent auditor. 
For this purpose, the terms “Consolidated Total Net Borrowings”, “Consolidated Total Assets”, 
“Consolidated EBITDA”, “Consolidated Finance Costs” and “Consolidated Priority Borrowings” 
have the meanings given to them in Condition 4 (Financial Covenants) of the Conditions. 
The APMs referred to above are presented for the purposes of facilitating a better understanding 
of the financial condition and results of operations of the Group. Such measures should, 
however, not be considered as a substitute for those required by IFRS. The Group believes that 
the Gearing provides a helpful measure of the level of the Group’s indebtedness relative to its 
assets. The Group believes that the Interest Cover provides an important measure of the 
Group’s ability to service the payment of interest on its outstanding borrowings. These financial 
measures are used by the Group in internal and external presentations to ratings agencies, 
analysts and investors, and are commonly reported by real estate investment companies.

--- Page 211 ---
586291846 
211 
 
TAXATION 
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force 
in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, social security, 
legal or tax advice. The information contained within this section is about certain Luxembourg 
tax principles that may be or may become relevant with respect to the investments in the Notes 
of the Issuer and prospective investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own 
professional advisors as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax 
law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to 
a withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax 
law and/or concepts only. 
Withholding Tax 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 
2005, as amended (the “RELIBI Law”), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident or non-resident holders of Notes, nor on 
accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable 
upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident or non-resident holders 
of Notes. 
Under the RELIBI Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying 
agent established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual beneficial owner 
who is a resident of Luxembourg, will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such 
withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual 
acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the 
withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of interest 
under the Notes coming within the scope of the RELIBI Law would be subject to withholding tax 
of 20 per cent. 
The RELIBI law was recently adjusted by the Luxembourg Budget Law of 2023, clarifying the 
definition of the paying agent. Only professional financial operators acting within the regulated 
market are subject to this law, meaning that only paying agents making interest payments as 
part of their normal business activities are affected. Additionally, a new exclusion clause 
specifies that tax is only withheld if the debt instrument is held through certain financial 
institutions or if the debt instrument has been issued on a regulated market. As a result, all 
isolated transactions between individuals are excluded. 
Luxembourg tax residency of the holders of the Note 
Noteholders will not be deemed to be tax resident, domiciled or carrying on business in 
Luxembourg solely by reason of the holding, execution, performance, delivery, exchange and/or 
enforcement of the Notes.

--- Page 212 ---
586291846 
212 
 
Income taxation of principal repayment, interest and gains on sale or redemption of the 
Notes 
Taxation of Luxembourg tax non-residents 
Noteholders who are tax non-residents of Luxembourg and who do not have a permanent 
establishment, a permanent representative in Luxembourg with which the holding of the Notes 
is connected, will not be subject to taxes (income taxes and net wealth tax) or duties in 
Luxembourg with respect to payments of principal or interest (including accrued but unpaid 
interest), payments received upon redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Notes or capital 
gains realised  upon disposal or repayment of the Notes. 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents 
Noteholders who are tax residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income 
tax on repayment of principal (unless they realise a gain upon repayment, for example, if they 
acquire the Notes at discount).  
Interest received by an individual tax resident in Luxembourg acting in the framework of their 
private wealth management is, in principle, reportable and taxable at the progressive income 
tax rate, unless the interest has been subject to withholding tax (see “Withholding Tax” above) 
or to the self-applied tax, if applicable. Indeed, in accordance with the RELIBI Law, Luxembourg 
tax resident individuals acting in the framework of their private wealth management, can opt to 
self-declare and pay a 20 per cent tax on interest payments made by paying agents located in 
an EU Member State other than Luxembourg or a Member State of the EEA other than an EU 
Member State. The withholding tax or self-applied tax represents the final tax liability for the 
Luxembourg tax resident individuals receiving the interest payment in the framework of their 
private wealth. Luxembourg tax resident individuals holding the Notes and receiving the interest 
as business income must include this interest in their taxable basis. If applicable, the 20 per 
cent Luxembourg withholding tax levied will be credited against their final income tax liability. 
Luxembourg tax resident individuals holding the Notes are not subject to taxation on capital 
gains upon the disposal of the Notes, unless the disposal of the Notes precedes the acquisition 
of the Notes or the Notes are disposed of within six months of the date of acquisition of these 
Notes. Upon the sale, redemption or exchange of the Notes, accrued but unpaid interest will be 
subject to the 20 per cent withholding tax or the self-applied tax, if applicable. Luxembourg tax 
resident individuals holding the Note as a business asset must include any capital gain realised 
upon the disposal of the Notes as well as the portion of the gain corresponding to accrued but 
unpaid interest in their taxable income. The 20 per cent Luxembourg withholding tax levied will 
be credited against their final income tax liability. 
Luxembourg tax resident corporate Noteholders, or tax non-resident Noteholders which have a 
permanent establishment, a permanent representative in Luxembourg with which the holding of 
the Notes is connected, must for income tax purposes include in their taxable income any 
interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) as well as the difference between the sale or 
redemption price and the lower of the cost or book value of the Notes sold or redeemed. 
Luxembourg tax resident corporate Noteholders which are companies benefiting from a special 
tax regime (such as (a) family wealth management companies subject to the amended law of

--- Page 213 ---
586291846 
213 
 
11 May 2007, (b) undertakings for collective investment subject to the amended law of 17 
December 2010, (c) specialised investment funds subject to the SIF Law, or (d) reserved 
alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016, provided it is not foreseen in 
the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that 
(ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies) are tax exempt entities in 
Luxembourg, and are thus not subject to any Luxembourg tax (i.e., corporate income tax, 
municipal business tax, net wealth tax and withholding tax) other than the annual subscription 
tax calculated on their net asset value (“NAV”) and in the case of a family wealth management 
company on their (paid up) share capital, share premium (and debt exceeding 8 times their 
share capital and share premium, if any.  
Net wealth tax 
Luxembourg standard net wealth tax will not be levied on the Notes held by a corporate 
Noteholder, unless (a) such Noteholder is a Luxembourg resident other than a Noteholder 
governed by (i) the amended law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective 
investment; (ii) the SIF Law; (iii) the amended law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation; (iv) the 
amended law of 15 June 2004 on the investment company in risk capital; (v) the amended law 
of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies; or (vi) by the law of 23 July 2016 on 
reserved alternative investment or (b) the Notes are attributable to an enterprise or part thereof 
which is carried on in Luxembourg through a permanent establishment or a permanent 
representative. 
However, a securitisation company subject to the amended law of 22 March 2004 and a 
company subject to the amended law of 15 June 2004 on the investment company in risk capital, 
as well as an reserved alternative investment fund subject to the law of 23 July 2016, provided 
it is foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk 
capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies, are subject to 
a minimum net wealth tax. 
An individual holder of Notes, whether he/she is a resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject 
to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes. 
Other taxes 
No stamp, registration, transfer or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Luxembourg by 
Noteholders in connection with the issue of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes be payable as 
a consequence of a subsequent transfer or redemption of the Notes, unless the documents 
relating to the Notes are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or appended to a document that 
requires mandatory registration in Luxembourg. 
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for 
the issuance of the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes 
or the transfer of the Notes. Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in respect 
of fees charged for certain services rendered to the Issuer, if for Luxembourg value added tax 
purposes such services are rendered or are deemed to be rendered in Luxembourg and an 
exemption from Luxembourg value added tax does not apply with respect to such services.

--- Page 214 ---
586291846 
214 
 
Individual Noteholders not permanently resident in Luxembourg at the time of death will not be 
subject to inheritance or other similar taxes in Luxembourg in respect of the Notes. Where an 
individual Noteholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of death, the 
Notes will be included in his taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”) 
Pursuant to sections 1471-1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known 
as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold tax on certain payments 
to its unitholders who would not be compliant with FATCA (i.e. the so-called foreign passthru 
payments withholding tax obligation). 
A number of jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) have entered into intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdiction. Under the provisions of the IGA signed on 28 March 2014 
between Luxembourg and the United Stated (“Luxembourg IGA”),  as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold 
under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the 
FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  
Under the provisions of the Luxembourg IGA, Luxembourg resident entities qualifying as a 
Reporting Financial Institution are obliged to automatically report information on Financial 
Accounts held by Specified U.S. Persons and Passive Non-Financial Foreign Entity controlled 
by Specified U.S. Controlling Persons, if any, to the Luxembourg tax authorities (the latter being 
responsible for automatically exchanging this information with the US tax authorities). 
Under the FATCA Law applicable in Luxembourg, the annual reporting deadline applicable to 
Financial Institutions in Luxembourg is 30 June. 
A foreign financial institution resident in an IGA jurisdiction must comply with specific due 
diligence procedures to identify its account holders and provide the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service (directly or indirectly through its local tax authority) with information on financial 
accounts held by U.S. persons and recalcitrant account holders.  
Consequently, holders of the Notes may be requested to provide certain information and 
certifications to any financial institutions through which payments on the Notes are made.  
Noteholders should consult their professional advisors on the individual impact of 
FATCA. 
Common reporting standard 
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) has developed a 
common reporting standard (“CRS”) to achieve a comprehensive and multilateral automatic 
exchange of information on a global basis. A number of jurisdictions (including Luxembourg) 
signed the OECD’s multilateral competent authority agreement (“Agreement”) to automatically 
exchange information under the CRS. On 9 December 2014, Council Directive 2014/107/EU

--- Page 215 ---
586291846 
215 
 
amending Directive 2011/16/EU as regards mandatory automatic exchange of information in the 
field of taxation (the “Euro-CRS Directive”) was adopted in order to implement the CRS among 
Member States. 
The Euro-CRS Directive was implemented into Luxembourg law by the law of 18 December 
2015 on the automatic exchange of financial account information in the field of taxation (“CRS 
Law”) that was lastly amended on 18 June 2020. The CRS Law requires Luxembourg Reporting 
Financial Institutions to identify Financial Account holders (including Passive Non-Financial 
Entities (“NFEs”) and their controlling persons) and establish if they are fiscally resident in (i) an 
EU Member State other than Luxembourg or (ii) a jurisdiction which has signed the Multilateral 
Agreement and which is identified in the list of reportable jurisdictions published by Grand Ducal 
Decree (“CRS Reportable Accounts”). The first official list of CRS reportable jurisdictions was 
published on 24 March 2017, last updated on 17 December 2021 and is updated from time to 
time. Luxembourg Reporting Financial Institutions will then report Financial Account information 
of the Financial Account holder to the Luxembourg tax authorities (Administration des 
Contributions Directes), which will thereafter automatically transfer this information to the 
competent foreign tax authorities on a yearly basis.   
Additionally, Luxembourg Reporting Financial Institutions are mandatorily required to notify on 
a yearly basis, each individual (including controlling persons), if any, prior to reporting that 
information about him or her will be collected and transferred in accordance with the CRS Law. 
Each individual concerned should be provided with all information to which he or she may have 
access to enable him or her to exercise his or her data protection rights before the information 
is disclosed. 
Under the CRS Law applicable in Luxembourg, the annual reporting deadline applicable to 
Financial Institutions in Luxembourg is 30 June. 
Consequently, holders of the Notes may be requested to provide certain information and 
certifications to any financial institutions through which payments on the Notes are made.  
Noteholders should consult their professional advisors on the individual impact of CRS.

--- Page 216 ---
586291846 
216 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (such Programme 
Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the 
“Programme Agreement”) dated on or around 1 August 2024, agreed with the Issuer and the 
Guarantors a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer (failing which, 
the Guarantors on a joint and several basis) has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of 
their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme 
and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations 
promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) 
as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the 
distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of 
the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period, a confirmation or other notice setting forth the 
restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of 
such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made 
otherwise than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act. 
Each issue of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall 
be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may

--- Page 217 ---
586291846 
217 
 
agree as a term of the issue and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions 
shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and

--- Page 218 ---
586291846 
218 
 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each of the Dealers and the Class R Underwriters has represented in the Dealership Agreement 
and will represent in any Class R Underwriting Agreement (as the case may be), inter alia, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not 
offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or 
cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the 
issue or sale of the Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does 
not apply to the Issuer and the Guarantors; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect 
to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that unless stated otherwise in the Final 
Terms, it will not, directly or indirectly, in or into Switzerland (i) offer, sell or advertise the Notes 
or; (ii) distribute or otherwise make available the Prospectus (including the Final Terms) or any 
other document relating to the Notes, in a way that would constitute a public offering within the 
meaning Article 35 of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the "FinSA") except under the following 
exemptions under the FinSA: (a) to any investor that qualifies as a professional client within the 
meaning of the FinSA; or (b) in any other circumstances falling within Article 36 of the FinSA, 
provided, in each case, that no such "public offer" of Notes referred to in (a) and (b) above shall 
require the publication of a prospectus for offers of Notes and/or a key information document 
("KID") (or an equivalent document) pursuant to the FinSA. Unless stated otherwise in the Final 
Terms, neither the Prospectus nor any other document related to the Notes may be distributed 
or otherwise made available in Switzerland in a manner which would require the publication of 
a prospectus and/or a KID (or an equivalent document) in Switzerland pursuant to the FinSA. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus

--- Page 219 ---
586291846 
219 
 
with the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the Securities and Futures Act 2001, of 
Singapore as modified or amended from time to time (the “SFA”). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will 
not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, 
this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person 
in Singapore other than: 
(a)  
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 
of the SFA; or 
(b) 
to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant 
person which is: 
(i)  
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) 
the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which 
is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(ii)  
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited 
investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the 
SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that 
trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired 
the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1)  
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section  275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(2)  
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3)  
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4)  
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
OF SINGAPORE, AS MODIFIED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME (THE “SFA”) AND 
THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES (CAPITAL MARKETS PRODUCTS) REGULATIONS 2018

--- Page 220 ---
586291846 
220 
 
OF SINGAPORE (THE “CMP REGULATIONS 2018”) – In connection with Section 309B of the 
SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, the 
Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (including all relevant persons 
as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that all Notes issues or to be issued under the 
Programme are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) 
and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale 
of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products). 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, 
Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and 
ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in 
definitive form of any issuer may only be transferred and accepted, directly or indirectly, within, 
from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of Euronext 
Amsterdam N.V., admitted in a function on one or more markets or systems held or operated by 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (toegelaten instelling), with due observance of the Dutch Savings 
Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing 
regulations. No such mediation is required in respect of: (a) the transfer and acceptance of rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) the initial issue of Zero 
Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) the transfer and acceptance 
of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a 
business or profession, or (d) the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, 
from or into the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights 
representing an interest in the Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular series are 
issued outside the Netherlands and are not distributed into the Netherlands in the course of their 
initial distribution or immediately thereafter. 
In the event that the Dutch Savings Certificates Act applies, certain identification requirements 
in relation to the issue and transfer of, and payments on, Zero Coupon Notes have to be 
complied with and, in addition thereto, if such Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form do not qualify 
as commercial paper traded between professional borrowers and lenders within the meaning of 
the agreement of 2 February 1987, attached to the Royal Decree of 11 March 1987, (Staatsblad 
129) (as amended), each transfer and acceptance should be recorded in a transaction note, 
including the name and address of each party to the transaction, the nature of the transaction 
and the details and serial numbers of such notes. For purposes of this paragraph “Zero Coupon 
Notes” means notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a fixed sum against

--- Page 221 ---
586291846 
221 
 
the issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on which no interest 
is due whatsoever. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article 
I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a “Belgian 
Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not 
distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar 
documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.  
Well Informed Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it: 
(A) 
adheres to the status of a legal entity which qualifies as a Well Informed 
Investor; and 
(B) 
has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus, as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto, except to Well Informed Investors. 
General  
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set 
out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or 
delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under 
the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee 
and any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at 
any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in 
any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 222 ---
586291846 
222 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors 
of the Issuer dated 23 February 2024 and 17 July 2024 and the giving of the Notes Guarantee 
has been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Management Company 
(acting for the account of GEP) dated 17 July 2024 and the Board of Directors of each of GEH 
and GIS dated, in each case, 17 July 2024. 
Approval, Admission to Trading and Listing 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document as a base prospectus. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. The Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  By 
approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF does not give any undertaking as to the economic 
or financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. 
Documents Available 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published: (i) be available for inspection from the registered office of the 
Issuer and from the specified offices of the Paying Agents for the time being in London and 
Luxembourg; or (ii) may be made available to Noteholders (upon request and satisfactory proof 
of holding) via email by the Paying Agents: 
(A) 
the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of the Issuer 
and the constitutional documents (with an English translation thereof) of each 
Guarantor (also available at: https://gd.lu/rcsl/3Gqg6q; https://gd.lu/rcsl/M7kbq; 
https://gd.lu/rcsl/6rPDJB; and https://gd.lu/rcsl/PXdlP);  
(B) 
the constitutional documents of the Management Company (also available at 
https://gd.lu/rcsl/5xxRCw) 
(C) 
the Management Regulations of GEP; 
(D) 
the 
Programme 
Agreement, 
the 
Trust 
Deed 
(also 
available 
at 
https://ce.goodman.com/-/media/project/goodman/continental-
europe/files/funds/gep-bondholders/emtn/trust-deed-28-march-2023.pdf), the 
Agency Agreement and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive 
form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(E) 
a 
copy 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
(also 
available 
at 
https://ce.goodman.com/investment-management/gep-bondholders);

--- Page 223 ---
586291846 
223 
 
(F) 
any future Base Prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, 
supplements and Final Terms (save that a Pricing Supplement relating to an 
Exempt Note will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and 
such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying 
Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and any 
other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference;  
(G) 
in the case of each issue of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market subscribed pursuant to a subscription agreement, 
the subscription agreement (or equivalent document); and 
(H) 
the Green Finance Framework. 
In addition, copies of this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which 
are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and 
each document incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s website at https://www.luxse.com/.  
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and 
ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or 
alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 avenue J.F. 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy de Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market 
conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the 
Notes on the basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield 
to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Third Party Information 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been secured from third parties, this information 
has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer and the Guarantors are aware and 
are able to ascertain from the information published by such third parties, no facts have been

--- Page 224 ---
586291846 
224 
 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of 
third party information is identified wherever it is used in this Base Prospectus (either within the 
text of this Base Prospectus or in a footnote to the text of this Base Prospectus). 
Significant or Material Change15 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the 
Issuer since 31 December 2023 being the date to which the last published audited annual 
accounts of the Issuer were made up. Since 31 December 2023, there has been no material 
adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of any 
Guarantor or the Group since 31 December 2023, being the date to which the last published 
audited financial statements of the Group were made up. Since 31 December 2023, there has 
been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of any Guarantor or the 
Group. 
Litigation16 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any proceedings which 
are pending or threatened) of which the Issuer or the Guarantors are aware in the 12 months 
preceding the date of this document which may have or have had in the recent past a significant 
effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer, the Guarantors or the Group. 
Independent Auditor 
The 
independent 
auditor 
(réviseur 
d’entreprises 
agréé) 
of 
the 
Issuer 
is 
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative, 2 rue Gerhard Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg, 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.  
The independent auditor (réviseur d’entreprises agréé) of GEP is PricewaterhouseCoopers, 
Société coopérative, 2 rue Gerhard Mercator, L-2182 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg.  
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative is a member of the Luxembourg Institut des 
Réviseurs d’Entreprises. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer and the Guarantors 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for 
the Issuer, the Guarantors and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer, the Guarantors and their 
 
15 SM Note: GEP team to confirm if these statements can be given “clean” closer to signing. 
16 SM Note: GEP team to confirm if this statement can be given “clean” closer to signing.

--- Page 225 ---
586291846 
225 
 
respective affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may 
make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or 
related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own 
account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, the Guarantors or their respective affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or the 
Guarantors routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or the Guarantors, as the case 
may be, consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and 
their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either 
the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may 
also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views 
in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Trustee’s action 
The Conditions and the Trust Deed provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the 
Noteholders in certain circumstances, but only if the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. It may not always be possible for the Trustee to take certain 
actions, notwithstanding the provision of an indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding to it. 
Where the Trustee is unable to take any action, the Noteholders are permitted by the Conditions 
and the Trust Deed to take the relevant action directly. 
Legal Entity Identifiers (LEI) 
The Legal Entity Identifiers of the Issuer and the Guarantors are: 
 
GELF Bond Issuer I. S.A.: 213800L6LMHEP8TLAY43; 
 
Goodman Funds Management (Lux) S.à r.l.: 213800IXST4MXQ32CY42; 
 
Goodman European Logistics Fund FCP-FIS: 2138001KA151NPK6DQ54; 
 
GELF European Holdings (Lux) S.à r.l.: 2138004HKKAKJNDRF630; and 
 
GELF Investments (Lux) S.à r.l.: 213800I3KAW9T422LT11. 
ISSUER  
GELF Bond Issuer I S.A. 
Société Anonyme 
5, rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg

--- Page 226 ---
586291846 
226 
 
 
GUARANTORS 
Goodman Funds Management (Lux) S.à r.l. 
5, rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg  
in its capacity as a Luxembourg management company acting for the account of 
Goodman European Logistics Fund FCP-FIS 
5, rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg  
GELF European Holdings (Lux) S.à r.l. 
5, rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg  
GELF Investments (Lux) S.à r.l. 
5, rue de Strasbourg, L-2561 Luxembourg  
 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
21 Moorfields 
London, EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
 
ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London, EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom  
 
PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, boulevard Konrad Adenauer L-1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to 
English law 
To the Issuer and the Guarantors as to 
English law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP  
One Bishops Square  
Slaughter and May  
One Bunhill Row

--- Page 227 ---
586291846 
227 
 
London E1 6AD  
UK 
London EC1Y 8YY  
UK 
To the Issuer and the Guarantors as to Luxembourg law 
Stibbe Avocats 
26, Boulevard F.W. Raiffeisen 
L-2411 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
 
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR 
To the Issuer and GEP  
PricewaterhouseCoopers, Société coopérative  
2, rue Gerhard Mercator  
L-2182 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38 Avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
NatWest Markets Plc 
250 Bishopsgate  
London  
EC2M 4AA  
United Kingdom 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer L-1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg