--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 30 August 2023
Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited
(incorporated in Jersey)
Glencore Capital Finance DAC
(incorporated in Ireland)
guaranteed by
 
Glencore plc
(incorporated in Jersey) 
and
Glencore International AG
(incorporated in Switzerland)
and
Glencore (Schweiz) AG
(incorporated in Switzerland)
U.S.$20,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Arranger
Barclays
Dealers
Barclays
Credit Suisse 
HSBC 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan

--- Page 2 ---
2
Under this U.S.$20,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), Glencore Finance 
(Europe) Limited and Glencore Capital Finance DAC may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) 
unconditionally (subject, in the case of Glencore (Schweiz) AG, to applicable Swiss law) and irrevocably 
guaranteed by Glencore plc (“Glencore” or the “Company”), Glencore International AG and Glencore 
(Schweiz) AG (each a “Guarantor” and together, the “Guarantors”) and denominated in any currency agreed 
between the relevant Issuer (as defined below), the Guarantors and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
In this Base Prospectus, references to the “Issuer” are to either Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited or Glencore 
Capital Finance DAC, as the case may be, as the issuer of Notes under the Programme as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms (as defined below) and references to the “relevant Issuer” shall be construed accordingly.
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme will not 
exceed U.S.$20,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be 
translated into U.S. dollars at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the 
provisions of the Dealership Agreement (as defined under “Subscription and Sale”)). The maximum aggregate 
principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased 
from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealership Agreement as defined 
under “Subscription and Sale”.
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General 
Description of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time 
by the Issuers and each Guarantor (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for 
a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in 
relation to an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to the lead 
manager of such issue and, in relation to an issue of Notes subscribed by one Dealer, be to such Dealer.
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme for the period of 12 months after the 
publication of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s Regulated Market”). References in the Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related 
references) shall mean that such Notes have been listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
Regulated Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive of the European Parliament and the 
Council on markets in financial instruments 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”). The Programme also 
permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
by such other or further listing authorities as may be agreed with the relevant Issuer (“Exempt Notes”). The 
Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”) has neither approved nor 
reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with any Exempt Notes. Notice of the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes 
and any other terms and conditions which are applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in the applicable final terms (the “Final Terms”) which, with 
respect to the Notes to be admitted to listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to 
trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, will be filed with the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the CSSF. In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined 
herein), the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at 
the date of issue of the Notes).

--- Page 3 ---
3
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from its date of approval and will expire on 30 
August 2024. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material 
mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
This document is a base prospectus which comprises two base prospectuses (a base prospectus in respect of 
Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited and a base prospectus in respect of Glencore Capital Finance DAC) for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and for the purpose of giving information with regard to 
each Issuer and each Guarantor, which, according to the particular nature of each Issuer and each Guarantor 
and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the liabilities, financial 
position, profit and losses and prospects of the relevant Issuer. References in this Base Prospectus to the 
“Group” are to references to the Company and its subsidiaries and any subsidiary thereof from time to time. 
The companies in which Glencore directly and indirectly has an interest are separate and distinct legal entities. 
In this document, “Glencore” and “Group” is used for convenience only where references are made to Glencore 
plc and its subsidiaries in general. These collective expressions are used for ease of reference only and do not 
imply any other relationship between the companies. These expressions are also used where no useful purpose 
is served by identifying the particular company or companies.
This document comprises a base prospectus in respect of each of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited and 
Glencore Capital Finance DAC and for that purpose, this whole document is referred to herein as the “Base 
Prospectus”. This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF (which is the Luxembourg competent 
authority for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation) as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard to the issue of Notes issued under the 
Programme described in this Base Prospectus during the period of twelve months after the date hereof. By 
approving this Base Prospectus in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not 
engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the 
Issuers in accordance with the provisions of article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 (as 
amended) relating to prospectuses for securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières). The 
CSSF only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the quality of the securities that are subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in 
this Base Prospectus. Each prospective Noteholder must determine the suitability of that investment in light of 
its own circumstances. In particular, each prospective Noteholder should:

have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained in, or incorporated by 
reference into, this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the relevant Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio;

have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective 
Noteholder’s local currency;

understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and

--- Page 4 ---
4

be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
The Programme is, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, rated: 

Baa1 in respect of the Notes by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. (“Moody’s”). Obligations rated Baa are 
judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain 
speculative characteristics. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its 
generic rating category (source: https://www.moodys.com/Pages/amr002002.aspx); and 

BBB+ in respect of the Notes by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”). An obligation rated 
‘BBB’ exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse economic conditions or changing 
circumstances are more likely to weaken the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitments on the 
obligation. The plus (+) sign shows relative standing within the rating categories (source: 
https://disclosure.spglobal.com/ratings/en/regulatory/article/-/view/sourceId/504352).
Moody’s is not established in the European Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) but the rating given by it is 
endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH which is established in the European Union and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation. S&P is established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may also be rated by Fitch Ratings, Inc. (or any of its affiliates) (“Fitch”). 
Fitch Ratings, Inc. is not established in the European Union and has not applied for registration under the EU 
CRA Regulation, but ratings given by it are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited which is established in 
the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. The relevant Fitch entity which provides a 
rating in respect of the Notes is expected to be established in the European Union and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation or, if the relevant entity is not established in the European Union and if it has not applied for 
registration under the EU CRA Regulation, will be endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited which is 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Further information relating 
to the registration of rating agencies under the EU CRA Regulation and a current list of registered credit rating 
agencies can be found on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority.
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the 
applicable rating(s), which will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the Programme, will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. In general, European Union regulated investors are restricted from using 
a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the European Union but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the European Union which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, United 
Kingdom (the “UK”) regulated investors are restricted from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under 
the UK CRA Regulation.
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Amounts payable under any floating rate notes (“Floating Rate Notes”) may be calculated by reference to one 
of LIBOR or EURIBOR (each as defined herein), as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of

--- Page 5 ---
5
this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute, the administrator of EURIBOR appears on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) (the 
“BMR”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the administrator of 
LIBOR, does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the BMR and as far as the Issuers are aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited is not currently required to 
obtain recognition, endorsement or equivalence.
All sterling, euro, Swiss franc and Japanese yen LIBOR settings and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. dollar 
settings have either ceased to be provided by any administrator or, to the extent continue to be published, are 
no longer representative and immediately after 30 June 2023, the remaining U.S. dollar LIBOR settings ceased 
to be provided by any administrator or, to the extent continue to be published, are no longer representative.
This document should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, should be read and 
construed together with the relevant Final Terms.
Each of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited (in respect of itself) and each Guarantor has confirmed to the 
Dealers named under “Subscription and Sale” below that the Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited Prospectus 
(as defined below) (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms for each of Tranche of Notes issued 
under the Programme for which Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited is the relevant Issuer) contains all 
information which is (in the context of the Programme, the issue and offering of the Notes for which Glencore 
Finance (Europe) Limited is the relevant Issuer and the guarantees of the Notes (the “Guarantees of the Notes”) 
for which Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited is the relevant Issuer) material; that such information is true, 
accurate and complete in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, 
predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made, are based on reasonable assumptions and 
are not misleading in any material respect; that the Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited Prospectus does not 
omit to state any material fact necessary to make such information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the 
context of the Programme, the issue and offering of the Notes for which Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited is 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantees of the Notes for which Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited is the relevant 
Issuer) not misleading in any material respect; and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the 
foregoing.
The “Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited Prospectus” comprises this Base Prospectus with the exception of the 
information (A) incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus pursuant to paragraphs (b) and (o) to (p) in 
the section headed “Information Incorporated by Reference”; (B) incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus pursuant to paragraphs headed “Non-consolidated financial statements for Glencore Capital 
Finance DAC” in the section headed “Information Incorporated by Reference”; (C) contained in the section 
entitled “Description of Glencore Capital Finance DAC” and (D) contained in the subsections headed “Listing 
and admission to trading”, “Authorisations”, “Legal and arbitration proceedings”, “No significant change and 
no material adverse change”, “Auditors”, “Documents available for inspection” and “Financial statements 
available” in the section entitled “General Information” to the extent that it relates to Glencore Capital Finance 
DAC. 
Each of Glencore Capital Finance DAC (in respect of itself) and each Guarantor has confirmed to the Dealers 
named under “Subscription and Sale” below that the Glencore Capital Finance DAC Prospectus (as defined 
below) (including for this purpose, each relevant Final Terms for each of Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme for which Glencore Capital Finance DAC is the relevant Issuer) contains all information which is 
(in the context of the Programme, the issue and offering of the Notes for which Glencore Capital Finance DAC 
is the relevant Issuer and the Guarantees of the Notes for which Glencore Capital Finance DAC is the relevant

--- Page 6 ---
6
Issuer) material; that such information is true, accurate and complete in all material respects and is not 
misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, predictions or intentions expressed herein are honestly 
held or made, are based on reasonable assumptions and are not misleading in any material respect; that the 
Glencore Capital Finance DAC Prospectus does not omit to state any material fact necessary to make such 
information, opinions, predictions or intentions (in the context of the Programme, the issue and offering of the 
Notes for which Glencore Capital Finance DAC is the relevant Issuer and the Guarantees of the Notes for which 
Glencore Capital Finance DAC is the relevant Issuer) not misleading in any material respect; and that all 
reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing.
The “Glencore Capital Finance DAC Prospectus” comprises this Base Prospectus with the exception of the 
information (A) incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (h) to (n) in 
the section headed “Information Incorporated by Reference”; (B) incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus pursuant to paragraphs headed “Non-consolidated financial statements for Glencore Finance 
(Europe) Limited” in the section headed “Information Incorporated by Reference”; (C) contained in the sections 
headed “Description of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited”; and (D) contained in the subsections headed 
“Listing and admission to trading”, “Authorisations”, “Legal and arbitration proceedings”, “No significant 
change and no material adverse change”, “Auditors”, “Documents available for inspection”, “Financial 
statements available” and “Jersey Financial Services Commission” in the section entitled “General 
Information” to the extent that it relates to Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited.
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any 
information supplied by any Issuer or any Guarantor or such other information as is in the public domain and, 
if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
any of the Issuers, the Trustee, the Guarantors or the Dealers.
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, and neither 
the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or accepts any 
responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither 
the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering or delivery of any Note shall, in any 
circumstances, create any implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent 
to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse change, in the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of any Issuer or any Guarantor since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same.
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID II Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
II Governance Rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK MiFIR”); or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
An investment in any Notes issued by Glencore Capital Finance DAC does not have the status of a bank deposit 
and is not within the scope of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. Glencore 
Capital Finance DAC is not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland arising from the issue of 
any Notes.
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the relevant Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 
309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the

--- Page 8 ---
8
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuers, any Guarantor and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and deliveries of Notes and on 
the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. In particular, the Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as amended) (the “Securities Act”) and are subject 
to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes may not 
be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended, and regulations thereunder). Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms 
constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for any Notes and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantors, the Trustee, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial 
or otherwise) of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantors.
Any Issuer and the Guarantors may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated 
by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes herein, in which event (in the case of Notes intended to be admitted 
to listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s Regulated Market) a supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available 
which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, references to a “Member State” are references to a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, references to “Prospectus Regulation” mean Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
references to “U.S.” and “United States” are to the United States of America, references to “U.S.$”, “USD” and 
“U.S. dollars” are to United States dollars, references to “EUR”, “€” or “Euro” are to the currency introduced 
at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council 
Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the Euro, as amended, references to “pound 
sterling” or “£” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to “Swiss Francs” are to the lawful 
currency of Switzerland, references to “South African rand” or “ZAR” are to the lawful currency of South 
Africa, references to “Australian dollars” are to the lawful currency of Australia, references to “Canadian 
dollars” or “C$” are to the lawful currency of Canada, references to “Colombian peso” are to the lawful currency 
of Colombia, references to “Kazakhstani tenge” are to the lawful currency of Kazakhstan and references to 
“Japanese yen” or “JPY” are to the lawful currency of Japan.
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in 
certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State will be made 
pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for 
offers of Notes. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes 
which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in 
relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuers, 
the Guarantors or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such 
offer. None of the Issuers, the Guarantors nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of 
any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuers, the Guarantors or any Dealer

--- Page 9 ---
9
to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer and the relevant Issuer has consented in writing to its use 
for the purpose of such offer.
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, one or more relevant Dealers (in such capacity, the 
“Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over 
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end 
no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after 
the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES – Certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”) as 
described in the ESMA Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published 
on 5 October 2015 by the ESMA and which came into force on 3 July 2016 are included or referred to in this 
Prospectus. APMs are not defined or specified under the requirements of IFRS (as defined herein), but are 
derived from the financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. Glencore considers that these measures 
provide useful information to enhance the understanding of financial position and performance. The APMs 
should be viewed as complementary to, rather than a substitute for, the information presented in the financial 
statements. An explanation of each such APM’s components and calculation method can be found at pages 260 
to 268 (incorporated by reference herein) of Glencore’s Annual Report 2022. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Information 
Incorporated by Reference”), references to websites or uniform resource locators (“URLs”) in this Base 
Prospectus are inactive textual references and are included for information purposes only. The contents of any 
such website or URL shall not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by 
the CSSF.

--- Page 10 ---
10
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT
Each Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of each Guarantor, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely 
to affect its import.
Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Glencore 
Finance (Europe) Limited Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme for which Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited is the relevant Issuer. To the best of the knowledge 
of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited, the information contained in the Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.
Glencore Capital Finance DAC accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Glencore Capital 
Finance DAC Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme for which 
Glencore Capital Finance DAC is the relevant Issuer. To the best of the knowledge of Glencore Capital Finance 
DAC, the information contained in the Glencore Capital Finance DAC Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.

--- Page 11 ---
11
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ...........................................................................12
RISK FACTORS.......................................................................................................................................17
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................43
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS.....................................................................................50
FORMS OF THE NOTES ........................................................................................................................51
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES......................................................................................54
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ......................................................................................................................89
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ..........100
DESCRIPTION OF GLENCORE FINANCE (EUROPE) LIMITED ...................................................104
DESCRIPTION OF GLENCORE CAPITAL FINANCE DAC.............................................................105
DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY AND THE GROUP..................................................................106
DESCRIPTION OF GLENCORE INTERNATIONAL AG ..................................................................149
DESCRIPTION OF GLENCORE (SCHWEIZ) AG ..............................................................................150
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE................................................................................................................151
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................157
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................163
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS............................................................167
APPENDIX 1 — OVERVIEW OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL 
REPORTING STANDARDS AND SWISS GENERALLY ACCEPTED ACCOUNTING 
PRINCIPLES..................................................................................................................................169
APPENDIX 2 — OVERVIEW OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL 
REPORTING STANDARDS AND FRS 101 – REDUCED DISCLOSURE FRAMEWORK 
ADOPTED IN THE UNITED KINGDOM ...................................................................................174

--- Page 12 ---
12
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. It does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its 
entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined in “Forms of the Notes” or 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below shall have the same meanings in this general description of the 
Programme.
Issuers:
Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited (formerly known as Glencore 
Finance (Europe) S.A.).
Glencore Capital Finance DAC.
Legal Entity Identifier of Glencore 
Finance (Europe) Limited:
213800WHKNIC1JQQG433.
Legal Entity Identifier of Glencore 
Capital Finance DAC:
213800HCUCI1HC7X6Q34.
Guarantors:
Glencore plc, pursuant to a deed of guarantee dated 24 August 2020 
(the “Deed of Guarantee”), and Glencore International AG and 
Glencore (Schweiz) AG, pursuant to a guarantee agreement dated 
24 August 2020 (the “Guarantee Agreement”). 
Legal Entity Identifier of Glencore plc:
2138002658CPO9NBH955.
Legal Entity Identifier of Glencore 
International AG:
213800PSSU2QXF1WLR89.
Legal Entity Identifier of Glencore 
(Schweiz) AG:
2138002AUOAA2KKI3416.
Website of the Issuers and the 
Guarantors:
https://www.glencore.com/
Risk Factors:
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
relevant Issuer and the Guarantors to fulfil their respective 
obligations under the Notes are discussed under “Risk Factors” 
below.
Arranger:
Barclays Bank PLC.
Dealers:
Barclays Bank PLC, Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited, Credit Suisse International, Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch, HSBC Bank plc, HSBC Continental Europe, J.P. 
Morgan Securities plc and any other Dealer appointed from time to 
time by the Issuers and the Guarantors generally in respect of the 
Programme or by the relevant Issuer and the Guarantors in relation 
to a particular Tranche of Notes.
Principal Paying Agent:
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch.
Luxembourg Listing Agent:
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.
Trustee:
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited, pursuant to an amended and 
restated trust deed dated 2 July 2021 (as further amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) 
a 
copy 
of 
which 
is 
available 
for 
inspection 
at

--- Page 13 ---
13
https://www.glencore.com/investors/debt-investors/emtn-
programme.
Admission to Listing and Trading:
Each Series may be admitted to listing on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or may be issued on the basis that they will not be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system.
Clearing Systems:
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to 
any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms.
Programme Amount:
Up to U.S.$20,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time.
Issuance in Series:
Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise one or 
more Tranches issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each 
Series will all be subject to identical terms, except that the issue date 
and the amount of the first payment of interest may be different in 
respect of different Tranches. The Notes of each Tranche will all be 
subject to identical terms in all respects save that a Tranche may 
comprise Notes of different denominations.
Final Terms:
Each Tranche will be the subject of a Final Terms which, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, completes the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Tranche of Notes are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
described herein as completed by the relevant Final Terms.
Forms of Notes:
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of Notes 
will initially be in the form of either a Temporary Global Note or a 
Permanent Global Note, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. Each Global Note which is not intended to be issued 
in new global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or “CGN”), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around 
the relevant issue date with a depositary or a common depositary for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to 
be issued in new global note form (a “New Global Note” or 
“NGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the relevant issue date with a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary 
Global Note will be exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note or, 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If 
the TEFRA D Rules (as defined in “Form of the Notes”) are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, certification as

--- Page 14 ---
14
to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a condition precedent to 
any exchange of an interest in a Temporary Global Note or receipt 
of any payment of interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if 
interest-bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon 
for further Coupons.
Currencies:
Notes may be denominated in any currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central 
bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes:
Notes will be issued on an unsubordinated basis. 
Status of the Guarantees of the Notes:
Notes to be issued will be unconditionally (subject, in the case of 
Glencore (Schweiz) AG, to applicable Swiss law) and irrevocably 
guaranteed by each of the Guarantors on an unsubordinated basis. 
Each guarantee shall be in addition to and not in substitution for or 
joint (or joint and several) with any other guarantee or security 
which the Trustee may at any time hold for or in relation to the 
guaranteed obligations. (See also “Description of the Company and 
the Group”, “Description of Glencore International AG” and 
“Description of Glencore (Schweiz) AG” below).
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued at any price on a fully paid basis, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be 
issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant 
Issuer and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions.
Maturities:
Subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
required for compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements, the Notes must have a scheduled 
maturity of more than one year.
Redemption:
Notes will be redeemable at the Redemption Amount specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption:
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of 
the relevant Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders 
to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Tax Redemption:
Except as described in “Optional Redemption” above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described in 
Condition 10(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption for tax 
reasons).
Interest:
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity 
date of the relevant Series.
Specified Denominations:
Definitive Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, save that in the case of any Notes which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the

--- Page 15 ---
15
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes).
Negative Pledge:
The Notes will have the benefit of a negative pledge as described in 
Condition 5 (Negative Pledge).
Cross Default:
The Notes will have the benefit of a cross default as described in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default), which will extend to Financial 
Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, each of the Guarantors and any 
Material Subsidiary (other than Limited Recourse Indebtedness) and 
subject to a threshold of U.S.$100,000,000 as further described in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default).
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes to be issued and under the Deed 
of Guarantee and the Guarantee Agreement will be made free and 
clear of withholding taxes imposed by the United Kingdom, 
Switzerland, Jersey or Ireland, unless such withholding is required 
by law. In that event, the relevant Issuer and each of the Guarantors 
will (subject as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation)) pay such 
additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had 
no such withholding been required.
Governing Law:
English law, except that the Guarantee Agreement is governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, the laws of Switzerland. 
Ratings: 
The Company is rated Baa1 by Moody’s and BBB+ by S&P. 
Moody’s is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under EU CRA Regulation but the rating 
given by it is endorsed by Moody's Deutschland GmbH which is 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation. S&P is established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.
Notes issued under the Programme are, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, rated Baa1 by Moody’s and BBB+ by S&P.
Notes issued under the Programme may also be rated by Fitch. Fitch 
Ratings, Inc. is not established in the European Union and has not 
applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation but ratings 
given by it are endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited which is 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation. The relevant Fitch entity which provides a rating in 
respect of the Notes is expected to be established in the European 
Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or, if the 
relevant entity is not established in the European Union and if it has 
not applied for registration under the EU CRA Regulation, will be 
endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited which is established in 
the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.

--- Page 16 ---
16
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s), 
which will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the 
Programme, will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. In 
general, European Union regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by 
a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European 
Union but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or 
(2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the European Union which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using credit ratings for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit 
ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact 
of all risks related to structure and market and other factors that may 
affect the value of the Notes. A rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency.
Selling Restrictions:
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the 
United States of America, the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, Jersey, Switzerland, Singapore, France, Japan and 
Ireland, see “Subscription and Sale” below.

--- Page 17 ---
17
RISK FACTORS
Prospective investors should read and carefully consider the following risk factors and other information in 
this Base Prospectus before deciding to invest in the Notes. Additional risks not currently known to the Issuers 
or the Guarantors or that they now deem immaterial may also adversely affect the Issuers or the Guarantors 
or affect an investment in the Notes.
Risks relating to the nature of each Issuer’s business
Glencore Capital Finance DAC is a finance vehicle.
Glencore Capital Finance DAC’s primary business is the raising of money for the purpose of on lending to 
other members of the Group. Accordingly, substantially all of Glencore Capital Finance DAC’s assets are loans 
and advances made to other members of the Group, and the ability of Glencore Capital Finance DAC to satisfy 
its obligations in respect of the Notes issued by it will depend upon payments made to it by other members of 
the Group in respect of loans and advances made by it.
Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited is a finance and holding vehicle.
Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited’s primary business is the raising of money for the purpose of on lending to 
other members of the Group and investing in members of the Group. Accordingly, substantially all of Glencore 
Finance (Europe) Limited’s assets are loans and advances made to other members of the Group and investments 
in Group companies, and the ability of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited to satisfy its obligations in respect 
of the Notes issued by it will depend upon payments made to it by other members of the Group in respect of 
loans, advances and investments made by it.
External risks relating to the Group 
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in the expected volumes of supply and demand for commodities.
The expected volumes of supply and demand for the commodities in which the Group is active vary over time, 
based on competitor supply, changes in resource availability, government policies and regulation, costs of 
production, global and regional economic and political conditions, demand in end markets for products in which 
the commodities are used, technological developments, including commodity substitutions, fluctuations in 
global production capacity, geopolitical events, global and regional weather conditions, natural disasters and 
diseases, all of which impact global markets and demand for commodities. Taking into consideration the 
transition to a low carbon economy, future demand for certain commodities might decline (e.g. fossil fuels), 
whereas others might increase (e.g. copper, cobalt and nickel). Furthermore, changes in expected supply and 
demand conditions impact the expected future prices (and thus the price curve) of each commodity.
Fluctuations in the volume of each commodity produced or marketed by the Group could materially impact the 
business, results of operations and earnings of the Group. These fluctuations could result in a reduction in the 
income generated in respect of the volumes handled by the Group’s marketing activities, or a reduction in the 
volume and/or margin in respect of commodities produced by the Group’s industrial assets.
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in commodity prices and to deterioration in economic and 
financial conditions.
The revenue and earnings of substantial parts of the Group’s industrial asset activities and, to a lesser extent, 
the Group’s marketing activities are dependent upon prevailing commodity prices. Commodity prices are 
influenced by several external factors, including the supply of and demand for commodities, speculative 
activities by market participants, global political and economic conditions and related industry cycles and 
production costs in major producing countries. Fluctuations in the price of commodities produced or marketed 
by the Group could materially impact the Group’s business, results of operations and earnings.

--- Page 18 ---
18
A significant downturn in the price of commodities generally results in a decline in the Group’s profitability 
during such a period and could potentially result in a devaluation of inventories and impairments. Although the 
impact of a downturn in commodity prices affects the Group’s industrial and marketing activities differently, 
the negative impact on its industrial activities is generally greater, as the profitability of the industrial activities 
is more directly exposed to price risk due to its higher level of fixed costs, while the Group’s marketing activities 
are ordinarily substantially hedged in respect of price risk and principally operate a service-like, margin-based 
model. The Group does not typically engage in meaningful hedging against declines in commodity prices 
related to industrial production and, as a result, volatility in commodity prices directly impacts its results of 
operations. If the Group does not engage in meaningful hedging against declines in commodity prices, its 
business and results of operations could be impacted by volatility in commodity prices.
The significant fluctuations in commodity prices experienced over the last several years and the considerable 
downside risks with respect to the global economic outlook make fluctuations in commodity prices a 
particularly material risk for the Group. Significant falls in the prices of certain commodities (for example, 
copper, coal, zinc and cobalt) can have a material impact on the Group’s financial performance and could lead 
to concerns by external stakeholders as to the strength of the Group’s financial position. Any negative 
developments, particularly impacting China and fast-growing developing countries, could lead to reductions in 
demand for and, consequently, prices of the Group’s commodities, with particular risk to commodities used in 
steelmaking such as iron ore, metallurgical coal and zinc. For example, the Russia/Ukraine conflict and the 
COVID-19 pandemic have led to substantial disruptions in global economic activity which have and may 
continue to reduce demand for the commodities supplied by the Group. 
In addition, an actual or perceived decline in economic and financial conditions globally or in a specific country, 
region or sector may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or earnings of the 
Group. For example, although most commodities’ fixed pricing periods are relatively short, a significant 
reduction or increase in commodity prices could result in customers or suppliers, as the case may be, being 
unwilling or unable to honour their contractual commitments to purchase or sell commodities on pre-agreed 
pricing terms. In addition, a tightening of available credit, such as occurred in the first quarter of 2023 when 
several financial institutions in major markets experienced significant difficulties that led to market-wide 
volatility, may make it more difficult to obtain, or may increase the cost of obtaining, financing for the Group’s 
marketing activities and capital expenditures at the Group’s industrial assets. Changing production levels in 
response to current price levels or estimates of future price levels imposes costs, and, if mistimed, could 
adversely affect the results of the Group’s operations or financial condition. 
The Russia/Ukraine conflict has resulted in a humanitarian crisis and significant disruption to 
financial and commodity markets.
In February 2022, the Russian government commenced a war against the people of Ukraine, resulting in a 
humanitarian crisis and significant disruption to financial and commodity markets. A number of countries, 
including the United States of America, European Union, Switzerland and United Kingdom imposed a series 
of sanctions against the Russian government, various companies, and certain individuals. Given the importance 
of Russian/Ukrainian supply to a number of key commodities, including oil, natural gas, coal, grain, aluminium 
and nickel, price volatilities in all of these commodities have spiked. Applicable sanctions are also significantly 
impacting traditional commodity trade flows. Global commodity trade flows needed to adjust for 
Russian/Ukrainian supply being unavailable, whether due to infrastructure damage, sanctions or ethical 
concerns. Uncertainty regarding global supply of commodities due to the Russia/Ukraine conflict has disrupted 
global trade flows, most notably in the energy complex and agricultural products, and placed significant 
upwards pressure on commodity prices and input costs as seen in 2022. Challenges for market participants may 
include availability of funding to ensure access to raw materials, ability to finance margin payments related to 
higher commodity prices and heightened risk of contractual non-performance.

--- Page 19 ---
19
The Group has announced that it will not enter into any new trading business in respect of Russian origin 
commodities unless directed by relevant government authorities. The Group has no material operational 
footprint in Russia and its trading exposure to Russia is not material. The Group has reviewed its business 
activities in Russia including its equity stakes in EN+ and Rosneft (10.6 per cent. and 0.57 per cent., 
respectively, as at 31 December 2022) and is unable to ascribe probabilities to possible outcomes of any 
potential exit process in the current environment. Both equity interests were written down to U.S.$ nil in 2022, 
with a corresponding negative mark-to-market adjustment in other comprehensive income.
Accordingly, the Russia/Ukraine conflict may have significant negative impacts in the medium and long-term, 
including on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
The Group is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange and interest rates.
The vast majority of transactions undertaken by the Group’s industrial and marketing activities are denominated 
in U.S. dollars. However, the Group is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates through its industrial 
activities, because a large proportion of the operating costs of these assets are denominated in the currency of 
the country in which each asset is located, including, among others, the Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, 
Euro, Kazakhstani tenge, Colombian peso and South African rand. The Group is also exposed to fluctuations 
in currency exchange rates through its global office network given that costs are denominated largely in the 
currency of the country in which each office is located, the largest of such currency exposures being to the 
Swiss franc and the pound sterling. The Group is also exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates 
through its marketing activities, although only a small minority of purchase or sale transactions are denominated 
in currencies other than U.S. dollars.
Foreign exchange rates have seen significant fluctuation in recent years. A depreciation in the value of the U.S. 
dollar against one or more of the currencies in which the Group incurs significant costs will, to the extent it has 
not been hedged, result in an increase in the cost of these operations in U.S. dollar terms and could adversely 
affect the Group’s results of operations.
In respect of commodity purchase and sale transactions denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars, the 
Group’s policy is to hedge the specific future commitment through a forward exchange contract. From time to 
time, the Group may hedge a portion of its currency exposures and requirements in an attempt to limit any 
adverse effect of exchange rate fluctuations on its results of operations, but there can be no assurance that such 
hedging will eliminate the potential material adverse effect of such fluctuations. In addition, to the extent that 
any currency exposures are unhedged or unmatched as a consequence of political risk, such exposure could 
adversely affect the Group’s results of operations.
The reporting currency and the functional currency of the majority of the Group’s operations is the U.S. dollar, 
as this is assessed to be the principal currency of the economic environment in which the Group operates. For 
financial reporting purposes, transactions in foreign currencies are converted into the functional currency of 
each entity using the exchange rate prevailing at the transaction date. Monetary assets and liabilities outstanding 
at year end are converted at year-end rates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded in the consolidated 
statement of income/(loss). The exchange rates between relevant local currencies and the U.S. dollar have 
historically fluctuated, and the translation effect of such fluctuations may have a material adverse effect on 
Group members’ individual and the Group’s consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
The Group’s exposure to changes in interest rates results from investing and borrowing activities undertaken to 
manage its liquidity and capital requirements. The majority of the Group’s borrowings, other than a portion of 
long-term, fixed-rate bonds, bear interest at floating rates. An increase in interest rates would therefore result 
in a relatively immediate increase in the cost of servicing the Group’s indebtedness and could adversely affect 
its results of operations. Faced with the current inflationary environment, most major central banks have been 
aggressively increasing interest rates since the beginning of 2022. Although borrowing costs are taken into

--- Page 20 ---
20
account when setting marketing transaction terms, there is no assurance that increased financing costs can be 
passed on to customers and/or suppliers. The Group may elect in the future to enter into interest rate swaps to 
convert some or all of its floating-rate debt to fixed-rate debt or enter into fixed-rate to floating-rate swaps. 
There can be no assurance that the Group will not be materially adversely affected by interest rate changes in 
the future.
The Group is exposed to significant geopolitical risk. 
The Group operates and owns assets in a large number of geographic regions and countries, some of which are 
categorised as developing or challenging or which have unstable political or social climates or uncertain legal 
systems. As a result, the Group is exposed to a wide range of political, economic, regulatory, social and tax 
environments. These environments are subject to change in a manner that may be materially adverse for the 
Group, including changes to government policies and regulations governing industrial production, foreign 
investment, price controls, import and export controls, tariffs, subsidies, income and other forms of taxation 
(including policies relating to the granting of advance rulings on taxation matters), nationalisation or 
expropriation of property, repatriation of income, royalties, the environment, labour and health and safety.
Volatile commodity prices and other factors in recent years have resulted in increased resource nationalism in 
some countries, with governments repudiating or renegotiating contracts with, and expropriating assets from, 
companies that are producing in such countries. Many of the commodities that the Group produces and markets 
are considered strategic resources for particular countries. Governments in these countries may decide not to 
recognise previous arrangements if they regard them as no longer being in the national interest. Governments 
may also implement export controls on commodities regarded by them as strategic (such as oil or wheat) or 
place restrictions on foreign ownership of industrial assets. Renegotiation or nullification of existing 
agreements, leases, permits or tax rulings, changes in fiscal policies (including new or increased taxes or royalty 
rates or the implementation of windfall taxes which have been seen in several jurisdictions in which the Group 
has industrial assets) and currency restrictions imposed by the governments of countries in which the Group 
operates could all have a material adverse effect on the Group.
Following the global financial crisis, some governments faced increased debt and funding obligations and 
sought additional sources of revenue by increasing rates of taxation, royalties or resource rent taxes. In recent 
years, the Group has been subject to significant changes in fiscal policy from countries around the world as the 
global geopolitical climate has evolved, partly affected by falls in some commodity prices. This has included, 
among other things, increased scrutiny by governments and tax authorities in pursuit of perceived aggressive 
tax structuring by multinational companies which has elevated potential tax exposures for the Group. In 
addition, governments have sought, and may continue to seek, additional sources of revenue by increasing rates 
of taxation, royalties or resource rent taxes and increased sustainability obligations. Continued changes may 
negatively impact the financial results of existing assets and projects and reduce anticipated future returns and 
overall level of prospective investment in those countries. In addition, there may be uncertainty around changes 
in and the enforcement of such tax regimes, which can make planning of future investments challenging. 
The Group transacts business in locations where it is exposed to a greater-than-average risk of overt or effective 
expropriation or nationalisation, including in countries where the government has previously expropriated 
assets of other companies held within the jurisdiction or where members of the government have publicly 
proposed that such action be taken. In addition, title to the Group’s mining and hydrocarbon rights may be 
challenged or impugned, and title insurance may not generally be available. In many cases, the government of 
the country in which a particular asset is located is the sole authority able to grant such rights and, in some 
cases, may have limited infrastructure and limited resources which may severely constrain the Group’s ability 
to ensure that it has obtained secure title to individual exploration licences or extraction rights. A successful 
challenge to the Group’s mining and/or hydrocarbon extraction rights may result in the Group being unable to 
proceed with the development or continued operation of a mine or project.

--- Page 21 ---
21
The Group’s operations may also be affected by political and economic instability in the countries in which it 
operates. Such instability could be caused by, among other things, terrorism, war, guerrilla activities, military 
repression, civil disorder, social unrest, violent crime, workforce instability, change in government policy or 
the ruling party, economic or other sanctions imposed by other countries, extreme fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates or high inflation.
The geopolitical risks associated with operating in a large number of regions and countries, if realised, could 
affect the Group’s ability to manage or retain interests in its industrial activities and could have a material 
adverse effect on the profitability, ability to finance or, in extreme cases, viability of one or more of its industrial 
assets. Disruptions in certain of its industrial operations at any given time could have a material adverse effect 
on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Group.
The COVID-19 pandemic has had a negative impact on worldwide economic activity and the Group’s 
operations, and it or another pandemic could have a material impact on the Group’s business. 
The rapid, global spread of COVID-19 adversely affected the global economy and resulted in significant 
volatility in financial markets and the prices of and the demand for the commodities that the Group produces 
and trades. Government measures taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including quarantine and 
shelter in place orders, as well as other indirect effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on global economic activity, 
resulted in some degree of global economic downturn and demand shocks for the Group’s commodities, which 
initially led to significantly lower commodity prices. Notwithstanding price recovery for most commodities 
since 2020, the less certain economic outlook triggered significant impairments to the carrying value of certain 
of the Group’s assets in 2020. Although much of the world has now emerged from the COVID-19-related 
restrictions that were initially put in place to combat the outbreak, China maintained a strict COVID-19 zero-
tolerance policy through the end of 2022, which resulted in extended lockdowns. This decreased domestic 
industrial and construction activity, negatively affecting the demand for, and prices of, many of the Group’s 
metals commodities, although prices stabilised in the second half of the year.
Operationally, business continuity planning has been and remains challenging in many countries and there have 
been strained supply chains. A significant proportion of the Group’s marketing and corporate employees 
worked remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic, which increased the Group’s exposure to cyber related risks. 
Almost all industrial operations were impacted by changed protocols or working practises, while many were 
required to fully suspend production for a period of time. While the Group engaged with relevant government 
authorities and advisors to ensure that the responses and measures implemented focused on the health of its 
workforce and communities and allowed its operations to continue where reasonably practicable, the COVID-
19 pandemic materially impacted the Group’s industrial activities, and has continued to impact absenteeism 
rates at certain of the Group’s assets.
Future spread of a pandemic such as COVID-19 or its variants or low vaccination rates, including in areas 
where the Group’s industrial assets are located, may result in greater risk of exposure to employees, and the 
Group may respond by curtailing, rescheduling or suspending operations, construction or development at these 
assets or be required to do so by the relevant authorities. 
Accordingly, a future pandemic or the resurgence of the COVID-19 could have significant negative impacts in 
the medium and long-term, including on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Legal and regulatory risks relating to the Group
The Group is exposed to and subject to a significant number of laws and regulations.
The activities of the Group are exposed to and subject to extensive laws and regulations governing various 
matters. These include laws and regulations relating to bribery and corruption, sanctions, taxation, antitrust, 
financial markets regulation, environmental protection, use of hazardous substances, product safety and

--- Page 22 ---
22
dangerous goods regulations, post-closure reclamation, the employment of expatriates, labour and occupational 
health and safety standards, and historical and cultural preservation. In addition, there are high expectations 
regarding the need to act ethically in the Group’s business and the Group is exposed to the risk that unethical 
business practices may, by themselves, harm its ability to engage with certain business partners, and/or give 
rise to questions whether the Group is committed to complying with applicable laws. Policies, laws and 
regulations in the countries in which the Group does business may change in a manner that adversely affects 
the Group. The terms attaching to any permit or licence to operate may be onerous. Additionally, in many of 
the developing countries where the Group operates, the legal systems may not be mature and legal practice may 
not be developed, such that, in certain cases, there may be significant uncertainty as to the correct legal position, 
as well as the possibility of laws changing or new laws and regulations being enacted, which has the potential 
to render the Group unable to enforce its understanding of title, permits or other rights, as well as to increase 
compliance costs.
The costs associated with compliance with these laws and regulations, including the costs of regulatory permits, 
are substantial and increasing. Any changes to these laws or regulations or more stringent enforcement or 
restrictive interpretation of current laws and regulations by governmental authorities or rulings or clearances 
obtained from such governmental authorities could cause additional expenditure (including in the Group’s 
marketing business) to be incurred or impose restrictions on, or suspensions of, the Group’s operations and 
delays in the development of its properties. Failure to obtain or renew a necessary permit could mean that the 
Group would be unable to proceed with the development or continued operation of an industrial asset and/or 
impede the Group’s ability to develop new industrial assets. The suspension or loss of the Group’s permits or 
licenses to operate could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations and could preclude it from 
participating in bids and tenders for future business and projects, thereby affecting the Group’s long-term 
prospects. In addition, certain of the Group’s industrial assets are located in countries where title to land and 
rights and permits in respect of land and resources (including indigenous title) has not been and may not always 
be clear, creating the potential for disputes over resource development. Disputes relating to an industrial asset 
could disrupt or delay extraction, processing or other projects and/or impede the Group’s ability to develop new 
industrial assets.
The Group’s subsidiaries and the companies in which it holds investments are generally required, under 
applicable laws and regulations, to seek governmental licences, permits, authorisations, concessions and other 
approvals in connection with their activities. Obtaining the necessary governmental permits can be a particularly 
complex and time-consuming process and may involve costly undertakings. The duration and success of permit 
applications are contingent on many factors, including those outside the Group’s control.
In addition, the enactment of new laws and regulations and changes to existing laws and regulations (including, 
but not restricted to, environmental laws, the imposition of higher licence fees, mining and hydrocarbon 
royalties or taxes), compliance with which could be expensive or onerous, could also have a material adverse 
impact on the ability of the Group to operate its businesses and/or the profitability of its industrial investments. 
Furthermore, the Group does business in jurisdictions and with counterparties who have, in the past, and may 
in the future, become the targets of sanctions. See “Description of the Company and the Group—Legal and 
Regulatory”. These sanctions can be imposed or altered with little or no advance notice. The Group is 
committed to complying with all applicable sanctions in its business and taking all necessary measures in order 
to manage the impacts on its business as a result of the imposition of or changes in applicable sanctions regimes. 
However, there can be no assurance that the Group’s compliance procedures will protect it against sanctions 
breaches. 
The Group is exposed to risks associated with regulatory actions and enforcement proceedings. 
The numerous laws and regulations to which the Group is subject allow governmental and other authorities to 
commence investigations and/or make inquiries or requests for information regarding the Group’s operations

--- Page 23 ---
23
and allow governmental authorities or private parties to bring lawsuits or other enforcement proceedings based 
on suspected or alleged violations of applicable law and regulation.
The Group is currently subject to certain investigations by enforcement authorities. The Office of the Attorney 
General (the “OAG”) of Switzerland is investigating Glencore International AG for failure to have the 
organisational measures in place to prevent alleged corruption. The Dutch authorities are conducting a criminal 
investigation into Glencore International AG related to potential corruption pertaining to the Democratic 
Republic of the Congo (the “DRC”). The scope of the Dutch investigation is similar to that of the OAG 
investigation. The Dutch authorities are coordinating their investigation with the OAG of Switzerland and the 
Group would expect any possible resolution to avoid duplicative penalties for the same conduct. The timing 
and outcome of the OAG and Dutch investigations remain uncertain. The Group is continuing to cooperate with 
these authorities. 
On 24 May 2022, the Company announced that it had resolved previously disclosed investigations by authorities 
in the United States, the United Kingdom and Brazil into past activities in certain Group businesses related to 
bribery, and separate U.S. investigations related to market manipulation. The Company cooperated with these 
investigations. 
Under the terms of the U.S. resolutions, the Company agreed to pay net penalties of U.S.$444,047,409 to resolve 
bribery investigations and U.S.$242,819,442 to resolve market manipulation investigations by the United States 
Department of Justice (the “DOJ”). In addition, the Group agreed to pay net penalties of U.S.$333,548,040 to 
resolve market manipulation investigations by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”). The 
Group has further agreed to pay U.S.$40 million under a resolution signed with the Brazilian Federal 
Prosecutor’s Office (the “FPO”) in connection with its bribery investigation into the Group. 
On 21 June 2022, Glencore Energy UK Limited pled guilty to charges brought by the UK Serious Fraud Office 
(the “SFO”) in respect of its bribery investigation and on 3 November 2022, it was sentenced to pay a financial 
penalty and costs of £281 million. The Group has settled the amounts due to the CFTC, the DOJ and the UK 
SFO and expects to settle the amounts due to the Brazilian FPO during the second half of 2023. For further 
details, see “Description of the Company and the Group—Legal and Regulatory— Investigations by Regulatory 
and Enforcement Authorities”.
In December 2022, the Company announced that it had reached an agreement with the DRC covering past 
conduct. This includes activities in certain Group businesses that have been the subject of various investigations 
by, amongst others, the DOJ and the DRC’s National Financial Intelligence Unit and Ministry of Justice. Under 
the agreement, Glencore International AG, on behalf of its Congolese-associated companies, paid the DRC 
U.S.$180 million and will continue to implement in the DRC the Ethics and Compliance Programme the 
Company committed to continue to implement in its resolution with the DOJ. The agreement is governed by 
Congolese law and the only admissions made are in respect of the conduct already acknowledged in Glencore’s 
resolution with the DOJ.
As provided for in the plea agreements entered into by Glencore International AG and Glencore Ltd. with the 
DOJ, the Company appointed independent compliance monitors for a period of three years to assess and monitor 
the Company’s compliance with the agreements and evaluate the effectiveness of its compliance programme 
and internal controls.
The cost of cooperating with investigations and/or defending proceedings can be substantial. Investigations or 
proceedings can lead to reputational damage, the imposition of material fines, penalties, redress or other 
restitution requirements, or other civil or criminal sanctions on the Group (and/or on individual employees of 
the Group), the curtailment or cessation of operations, orders to pay compensation, orders to remedy the effects 
of violations and/or orders to take preventative steps against possible future violations. The impact of any 
monetary fines, penalties, redress or other restitution requirements and the reputational damage that could be

--- Page 24 ---
24
associated with them as a result of investigations or proceedings that are decided adversely to the Group could 
be material. It is also possible that other authorities may open investigations into the Group in connection with 
the matters that are the subject of the various resolved and ongoing investigations. The Group has been 
contacted by certain government authorities in the jurisdictions that were in scope of the resolved investigations, 
as well as certain private parties that claim they were harmed by the conduct identified in the investigations, 
which could result in further investigations or proceedings.
In addition, the Group may be the subject of legal claims brought by private parties in connection with alleged 
non-compliance with these laws, including class or collective action suits in connection with governmental and 
other investigations and proceedings or lawsuits based upon damages resulting from the Group’s operations. 
Any successful claims brought against the Group could result in material damages being awarded against the 
Group, the cessation of operations, orders to pay compensation or remedial and/or preventative orders.
Due to the nature of its business and operations, the Group is exposed to the risks of fraud, corruption, 
sanctions breaches and other unlawful activities. 
As a diversified sourcing, marketing and distribution company conducting complex transactions globally, the 
Group is exposed to the risks of fraud, corruption, sanctions breaches and other unlawful activities both 
internally and externally. Certain of the Group’s existing industrial and marketing activities are in countries that 
are categorised as developing or as having challenging political or social climates or where the legal system is 
uncertain, and/or where corruption is generally understood to exist. The Group’s marketing operations are large 
in scale, which may make fraud, corruption, sanctions breaches or other unlawful activities difficult to detect. 
In addition, some of the Group’s counterparties have in the past, and may in the future, become the targets of 
sanctions. See “Description of the Company and the Group—Legal and Regulatory”. Corruption and sanctions 
risks remain highly relevant for businesses operating in international markets, as shown by recent regulatory 
enforcement actions both inside and outside the resources sector. 
The Group has implemented a Group-wide compliance programme that includes a range of policies, procedures, 
guidelines, training and awareness, monitoring and investigations. However, there can be no assurance that this 
programme will adequately protect the Group against fraud, corruption, sanctions breaches or other unlawful 
activity and such activity could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, reputation, results of 
operations or financial condition.
The Group is subject to emissions and climate change regulations. 
The Group’s global presence exposes it to a number of jurisdictions in which regulations or laws have been or 
are being considered to limit or reduce emissions. The likely effect of these changes will be to increase the cost 
for fossil fuels, impose levies for emissions in excess of certain permitted levels and increase administrative 
costs for monitoring and reporting. Third parties, including potential or actual investors or debt providers, may 
also introduce policies adverse to the Group due to its activities in fossil fuels. Increasingly, major global 
investors are demanding transition plans from power and utility companies consistent with the goals of the Paris 
Agreement under the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, including explicit timelines and 
commitments for the rapid elimination of coal use by utilities. Over time, it is reasonable to assume that it will 
become increasingly difficult to access capital for the Group’s coal business and that this may impact the ability 
of institutional shareholders and lenders to hold equity in or provide capital to the Group.
The transition to a low-carbon economy and its associated public policy and regulatory developments may lead 
to:

the imposition of new regulations and climate change related policies on fossil fuels by actual or 
potential investors, customers and banks, potentially impacting the Group’s reputation, access to (and 
cost of) capital and financial performance;

--- Page 25 ---
25

import duties and carbon taxes in the Group’s customers’ markets which may potentially affect the 
Group’s access to those markets as well as commodities delivery costs;

increased costs for energy and for other resources which may impact associated costs and the economic 
competitiveness of the Group’s industrial assets;

the imposition of levies related to greenhouse gas emissions;

increased costs for monitoring and reporting related to the Group’s emissions;

reduced demand for the Group’s fossil fuel products;

impacts on the development or maintenance of the Group’s assets due to restrictions in operating 
permits, licenses or similar authorisations; or

divesting or closing of coal assets and consequent loss of investment.
Increasing regulation of greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions, including the progressive introduction of carbon 
emissions trading mechanisms and tighter emission reduction targets in numerous jurisdictions in which the 
Group operates, is likely to raise production, operating, transportation and administrative costs and reduce 
demand growth. This includes countries where the Group has assets such as Australia, Canada, Chile and South 
Africa, as well as customer markets such as China, South Korea, Japan, United States and Europe. Many 
developed countries are pledging to stop using fossil fuels (specifically coal) in power generation. This is 
particularly relevant for the Group as the world’s largest producer of seaborne thermal coal and a significant 
marketer of fossil fuels. As a result of these factors, there is the risk that many fossil fuel assets, including those 
of the Group, could become no longer economically viable. Furthermore, some may choose not to invest in or 
transact with the Group due to its fossil fuel operations. Socio-economic concerns associated with the transition 
to a low-carbon economy may increase expectations of the Group’s closure plans and increase its closure 
liabilities. 
On 3 April 2023, following an announcement by Teck rejecting the Merger Demerger Proposal, the Company 
announced that it had submitted the Merger Demerger Proposal to the board of directors of Teck on 26 March 
2023 to merge with Teck and to simultaneously demerge their combined coal businesses. On 11 April 2023, 
the Company announced that it had proposed to Teck’s board of directors certain modifications to the terms of 
its original Merger Demerger Proposal to introduce a cash element to effectively allow Teck shareholders to be 
bought out of their coal exposure such that Teck shareholders would receive 24 per cent. of MetalsCo (as 
defined below) and U.S.$8.2 billion in cash. On 12 June 2023, the Company announced that it had submitted 
an alternative proposal to acquire Teck’s steelmaking coal business. For further details of the Merger Demerger 
Proposal and the Teck response, see “Description of the Company and the Group—Recent Developments— 
Proposal for a merger between Glencore plc and Teck Resources Limited and simultaneous demerger of the 
combined coal business, and alternative proposal to acquire Teck’s steelmaking coal business”.
In addition, climate change may increase physical risks to the Group’s assets and related infrastructure, largely 
driven from extreme weather events and water related risks such as flooding or water scarcity. There has been 
a significant increase in litigation (including class actions), in which climate change and its impacts are a 
contributing or key consideration, including administrative law cases, tortious cases and claims brought by 
investors. In particular, a number of lawsuits have been brought against companies with fossil fuel operations 
in various jurisdictions seeking damages related to climate change. In addition, a number of regulators have 
increased their scrutiny of companies’ actions in respect of climate change, including through investigating 
claims related to inaccurate or misleading disclosure and/or “greenwashing”. Any such developments may have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 26 ---
26
The Group’s operations are subject to health, safety and environmental regulations and legislation.
The processes and chemicals used in the Group’s extraction and production methods, as well as transport and 
storage, may pose environmental hazards at the Group’s industrial assets. A serious failure in these areas could 
lead to an emergency or catastrophe at one of the Group’s assets. In addition, new or amended environmental, 
health and safety legislation or regulations may result in increased operating costs or, in the event of non-
compliance or accidents or incidents causing personal injury or death or property or environmental damage at 
or to the Group’s mines, smelters, refineries, concentrators, drill rigs, processing plants or related facilities (such 
as logistics or storage facilities) or surrounding areas, may result in significant losses, interruptions in 
production, expensive litigation, imposition of penalties and sanctions or suspension or revocation of permits 
and licences.
The Group may be liable for losses associated with environmental hazards, may have its licences and permits 
withdrawn or suspended or may be forced to undertake extensive remedial clean-up action or to pay for 
government ordered remedial clean-up actions, even in cases where such hazards have been caused by previous 
or subsequent owners or operators of the property, by past or present owners of adjacent properties, by 
independent third party contractors providing services to the Group or by acts of vandalism by trespassers. Any 
such losses, withdrawals, suspensions, actions or payments may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Group is subject to risks relating to product safety and dangerous goods regulations.
Products sold by the Group are in many cases covered by national and international product safety and 
dangerous goods regulations. In some instances, product safety regulations (for example, the EU’s Chemical 
Control Act, Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals, REACH) oblige 
manufacturers and importers to register their products and to regularly monitor and evaluate the risks and 
hazards of substances to protect humans and the environment from harm during handling, storage and use. Any 
failure in complying with these obligations could result in a delay of the Group’s product delivery, a loss of 
insurance coverage, business interruption on the customer side, administrative or criminal sanctions and, in the 
extreme, being banned (temporarily) from a marketplace. Such events could have a material impact on local or 
global demand, reducing the Group’s marketing opportunities for such a product, or at least increase the 
handling costs while shipping and placing the product in the market, all of which could have a material adverse 
effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Group.
Financial risks relating to the Group’s business activities
Liquidity risk could limit the Group’s ability to engage in desired activities and grow its business.
Liquidity, or ready access to funds, is essential to the Group’s businesses. A lack of liquidity may mean that the 
Group will not have funds available to maintain or increase its industrial and marketing activities, both of which 
employ substantial amounts of capital.
The Group’s marketing activities employ significant amounts of working capital to fund purchases of 
commodities for future delivery to its end customers, to meet margin requirements under derivative contracts 
and to fund the acquisition and maintenance of certain transport and storage assets which complement its 
marketing activities.
The Group’s industrial activities are capital intensive and the continued funding of such activities is critical to 
maintain its ownership interests in its industrial assets, to maintain production levels in periods when net 
operating cash flow is negative or insufficient to cover capital expenditures, to increase production levels in the 
future in accordance with its business plans and to grow its industrial activities through the acquisition of new 
assets.

--- Page 27 ---
27
While the Group adjusts its minimum internal liquidity targets in response to changes in market conditions (as 
was the case in 2022, due to extreme levels of market volatility, particularly in energy markets, impacting daily 
margining requirements in respect of its hedging derivatives portfolio), these minimum internal liquidity targets 
may be breached due to circumstances that the Group is unable to control, such as general market disruptions, 
sharp increases or decreases in the prices of commodities or an operational problem that affects its suppliers or 
customers or the Group, which may require the Group to take remedial action that may have an adverse effect 
on business, results of operations or earnings.
The Group has significant outstanding liabilities.
The Group has a significant amount of outstanding indebtedness and other liabilities, which may impair its 
operating and financial flexibility and could adversely affect its business and financial position. A high level of 
indebtedness and other liabilities could cause the Group to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flow from 
operations to payments to service or settle debt and liabilities, which could reduce the funds available for 
working capital, capital expenditure, acquisitions, distributions to shareholders and other general corporate 
purposes and could limit its ability to borrow additional funds and its flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, 
changes in technology, customer demand, competitive pressures and the industries in which it operates, placing 
the Group at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors which are less leveraged than it is. In 
addition, a high level of indebtedness and liabilities together with future debt financing, if accessible, may 
increase the Group’s vulnerability to both general and industry specific adverse economic conditions.
In addition to maintaining a cash position, the Group relies on two other principal sources of liquidity: 
borrowings under various short-term and long-term bank and asset-backed facilities and issuance of notes in 
the debt capital markets. An inability to refinance or increase existing facilities in the debt markets may mean 
that the Group will not have funds available to maintain or increase its industrial and marketing activities, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results of operations and earnings. The Group’s access to 
debt in amounts adequate to finance its activities could be impaired by factors that affect the Group itself or the 
industries or geographies in which it operates. There can be no assurance that additional credit or funding will 
be made available on acceptable terms in the future. 
A reduction in its credit ratings could adversely affect the Group.
The Group’s borrowing costs and access to the debt capital markets, and thus its liquidity, depend significantly 
on its public credit ratings. These ratings are assigned by rating agencies, which may reduce or withdraw their 
ratings or place the Group on “credit watch”, which could have negative implications. A deterioration of the 
Group’s credit ratings could increase its borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets, which, in 
turn, could reduce its earnings.
The Group’s counterparties, including customers, suppliers and financial institutions, are also sensitive to the 
risk of a ratings downgrade and may be less likely to engage in transactions with the Group, or may only engage 
at a substantially higher cost or on increased credit enhancement terms (for example, letters of credit, additional 
guarantees or other credit support) which carry increased costs, if the Group’s ratings were downgraded to 
below investment grade. If such an event were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on its business, 
results of operations, financial condition or prospects.
Other risks relating to the Group’s business activities
The Group is subject to counterparty credit and performance risk, in particular via its marketing 
activities.
Non-performance by the Group’s suppliers, customers and hedging counterparties may occur and cause losses 
in a range of situations, such as:

--- Page 28 ---
28

a significant increase in commodity prices could result in suppliers being unwilling to honour their 
contractual commitments to sell commodities to the Group at pre-agreed prices;

a significant reduction in commodity prices could result in customers being unwilling or unable to 
honour their contractual commitments to purchase commodities from the Group at pre-agreed prices;

suppliers may take payment in advance from the Group and then find themselves unable to honour their 
delivery obligations due to financial distress or other reasons; and

hedging counterparties may find themselves unable to honour their contractual commitment due to 
financial distress or other reasons.
In addition, financial assets consisting principally of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, 
receivables and advances, derivative instruments and long-term advances and loans could potentially expose 
the Group to concentrations of credit risk.
The Group is reliant on third parties to source the majority of the commodities purchased by its marketing 
operations. Any disruptions in the supply of product, which may be caused by factors outside the Group’s 
control (such as COVID-19 or the Russia/Ukraine conflict), could adversely affect the Group’s margins. The 
Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted if it is 
unable to continue to source required volumes of commodities from its suppliers on reasonable terms or at all.
The Group seeks to reduce the risk of customer non-performance by requiring credit support from creditworthy 
financial institutions, including making extensive use of credit enhancement products, such as letters of credit, 
bank guarantees or insurance policies, where appropriate, and by imposing limits on open accounts. Whilst 
these limits are believed appropriate based on current levels of perceived risk, there is a possibility that a 
protracted difficult economic environment could negatively impact the quality of these exposures. In addition, 
mark-to-market exposures in relation to hedging contracts are regularly and substantially collateralised 
(primarily with cash) pursuant to margining arrangements in place with such hedge counterparties. However, 
no assurance can be given that the Group’s attempts to reduce the risk of customer non-performance will be 
successful in every instance or that its results of operations will not be adversely affected by the failure of a 
counterparty or counterparties to fulfil their contractual obligations in the future. Such failure could have an 
adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including by creating an 
unintended, unmatched commodity price exposure.
The Group’s industrial activities involve a number of development and operating risks and hazards, 
many of which are outside the Group’s control.
The Group’s business is subject to numerous development and operating risks and hazards normally associated 
with natural resource projects, many of which are beyond the Group’s control. These development and 
operating risks and hazards include variations in grade and structure as well as other geological and hydrological 
problems (so that anticipated or stated reserves, resources or mineralised potential may not conform to 
expectations and in particular, may not reflect the reserves and resources which the Group reports), seismic 
activity, climatic conditions such as flooding or drought, metallurgical and other processing problems, IT and 
technical failures, supply chain-related risks, including the risk of unavailability of materials and equipment, 
interruptions to power supplies, industrial actions or disputes, industrial accidents, labour force insufficiencies, 
disputes or disruptions, unanticipated logistical and transportation constraints, tribal action or political protests, 
epidemics or health emergencies, force majeure factors, sabotage, cost overruns, environmental hazards, fire, 
explosions, vandalism and crime. These risks and hazards could result in damage to, or destruction of, properties 
or production facilities, cause production to be reduced or to cease at those properties or production facilities, 
result in a decrease in the quality of the products, increased costs or delayed supplies, personal injury or death,

--- Page 29 ---
29
environmental damage, business interruption and legal liability and in actual production differing from 
estimates of production.
The Group’s industrial assets are subject to environmental hazards as a result of the processes and chemicals 
used in traditional extraction, production, storage, disposal and transportation methods. Environmental hazards 
may exist on the Group’s owned or leased properties or at those of the industrial activities in which it holds an 
interest or may be encountered while its products are in transit. The storage of tailings at the Group’s industrial 
assets may present a risk to the environment, property and persons where there remains a risk of leakage from 
or failure of the Group’s tailings dams, as well as theft and vandalism during the operating life of the assets or 
after closure. In addition, the Group conducts oil exploration and drilling activities and also stores and transports 
crude oil and oil products around the world. Damage to exploration or drilling equipment, a vessel carrying oil 
or a facility where it is stored could lead to a spill, causing environmental damage with significant clean-up or 
remediation costs.
The realisation of such operating risks and hazards and the costs associated with them could materially 
adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition, including by requiring 
significant capital and operating expenditures to abate the risk or hazard, restore the Group’s or third-party 
property, compensate third parties for any loss and/or pay fines or damages.
The Group’s industrial activities are exposed to an increase in production costs, including as a result 
of increased energy costs or shortages of equipment, spare parts and labour.
As commodity prices are outside the Group’s control, the competitiveness and sustainable long-term 
profitability of the Group depends significantly on its ability to reduce costs and maintain a broad spectrum of 
low-cost, efficient operations. The high level of fixed costs in its industrial activities makes it difficult for the 
Group to respond quickly to price fluctuations. Because the Group cannot always pass increases in production 
costs on to customers, any increases in input costs will adversely affect the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of the Group.
Costs associated with the operation of the Group’s industrial assets can be broadly categorised into labour costs 
and other operating and infrastructure costs, including power and equipment costs. Production costs are heavily 
influenced by the extent of on-going development required, resource grades, site planning, processing 
technology, logistics, energy and supply costs and the impact of exchange rate fluctuations on costs of 
operations. Over time, resources even at the same asset tend to become more difficult and costly to extract, as 
challenges including working at depth, increasing haulage distances and working with inconsistent or 
chemically complex ores are faced. All of the Group’s industrial assets are, to varying degrees, affected by 
increases in costs for labour and fuel. Unit production costs are also significantly affected by production 
volumes and, therefore, production levels are frequently a key factor in determining the overall cost 
competitiveness of the Group’s industrial activities. In addition, if certain industrial inputs are unavailable at 
any price, the Group may find its production of certain commodities to be involuntarily curtailed, which would 
result in lost revenue and profits, which would adversely affect the results of operations and financial condition 
of the Group.
The Group’s stated mineral, coal and hydrocarbon reserves, resources and mineralised potential are 
only estimates and the anticipated volumes or grades may not be achieved.
The estimated reserves and resources of the Group should not be interpreted as a statement of the commercial 
viability, potential or profitability of any future operations. No assurance can be given that the anticipated 
quantities and grades will be achieved, that the indicated level of recovery will be realised or that mineral, coal 
and hydrocarbon reserves, resources and mineralised potential can be extracted or processed profitably. Actual 
reserves, resources or mineralised potential may not conform to geological, metallurgical or other expectations, 
and the volume and grade of ore or product recovered may be below the estimated levels. Lower market prices,

--- Page 30 ---
30
increased production costs, reduced recovery rates and other factors may render the Group’s reserves, resources 
or mineralised potential uneconomical to exploit and may result in a revision of its reserve estimates from time 
to time. Reserve data are not indicative of future results of operations. The Group’s future success depends 
upon conducting successful exploration and development activities or acquiring properties containing 
economically recoverable reserves. If the Group’s actual mineral, coal and hydrocarbon reserves and resources 
are less than current estimates, or if the Group fails to develop its resource base through the realisation of 
identified or new mineral potential, the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Group may 
be materially and adversely affected.
The Group is dependent on its IT, financial, accounting, marketing and other data processing 
information systems to conduct its business.
The increasing reliance on digital technologies in recent years has brought with it a corresponding rise in cyber-
related risks, ranging from the proliferation of ransomware to nation-state activity and the monetisation of 
cybercrime, including the emergence of machine learning and artificial intelligence used in phishing or fraud 
attacks that impersonate senior executives. The Group’s industrial production, operations, environmental 
management, health and safety management, communications, transaction processing and risk management all 
rely on information technologies, while its long supply chains involve third parties that are exposed to the same 
cyber risks. The Group recognises that the increasing convergence of IT and operational technology networks 
will create new risks and demand additional management time and focus. The Group’s software applications 
for areas such as traffic, accounting and finance are primarily based on integrated standard components. The 
Group’s key business processes rely on in-house developed modules and are regularly updated and adapted to 
suit its business needs. All of these applications are primarily managed from its headquarters and are available 
to all the major business locations. A cyber security breach, incident or failure of the Group’s IT systems could 
disrupt its businesses, jeopardise the safety of its employees, result in the exposure of confidential information, 
damage the Group’s reputation and create substantial financial and legal risks for the Group, as well as impact 
the Group’s customers, suppliers and partners. 
Accidents at the Group’s industrial activities, logistics and storage facilities could result in injuries and 
fatalities.
Any accidents or hazardous incidents causing personal injury or death or property or environmental damage at 
or to the Group’s operated assets or surrounding areas may result in significant losses, interruptions in 
production, expensive litigation, imposition of penalties and sanctions or suspension or revocation of permits 
and licences. Risks associated with the Group’s open pit mining operations include flooding of the open pits, 
collapses of the open pit walls and accidents or failures in operation of large equipment for open pit mining and 
material transportation. Risks associated with the Group’s underground mining operations include flooding, 
underground fires and explosions (including those caused by flammable gas), cave-ins or ground falls, 
discharges of gases or toxic chemicals, sinkhole formation and ground subsidence. Risks associated with the 
Group’s oil exploration activities include explosions, spills and potential large-scale environmental pollution. 
Risks associated with the Group’s logistics and storage operations may include the risk of: ruptures and spills 
from crude oil and other product carriers; spillage, leakage or seepage of tailings or other hazardous substances 
found in storage or disposal facilities; and failure of tailings dams during the operating life of the mines or after 
closure. Injuries to and deaths of workers and contractors at mines and facilities controlled by the Group have 
occurred in the past and may occur in the future. In 2022, there were four occupational fatalities at the Group’s 
managed operations. The occurrence of accidents may adversely impact the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition.
The Group’s reputation in the communities in which it operates could deteriorate.
The continued success of the Group’s existing operations and its future projects are in part dependent upon 
broad support of and a healthy relationship with the respective local communities in which the Group operates.

--- Page 31 ---
31
If it is perceived that the Group is not respecting or advancing the economic and social progress and safety of 
the local communities, its reputation could be damaged, which could have a negative impact on its ability to 
operate effectively, its ability to secure new resources, its capacity to attract and retain labour and its financial 
performance.
Some of the Group’s current and potential industrial activities are located in or near communities that may 
regard such operations as having a detrimental effect on their safety or environmental, economic or social 
circumstances. The consequences of negative community reaction or allegations of human rights incidents 
could also have a material adverse impact on the cost, profitability, ability to finance or even the viability of an 
operation and the safety and security of the Group’s workforce and assets. Such events could lead to disputes 
with national or local governments or with local communities or any other stakeholders and give rise to material 
reputational damage. If the Group’s operations are delayed or shut down as a result of political and community 
instability, its earnings may be constrained and the long-term value of its business could be adversely impacted. 
Even in cases where no action adverse to the Group is actually taken, the uncertainty associated with such 
political or community instability could negatively impact the perceived value of the Group’s assets and 
industrial investments and, consequently, have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of the Group.
The maintenance of positive employee and union relations and the ability to attract and retain skilled 
workers is key to the successful operation of the Group.
Some of the Group’s employees (mainly those employees at the Group’s industrial activities), as well as 
employees in non-controlled industrial investments, are represented by labour unions under various collective 
labour agreements. The Group, its subsidiaries or the industrial investments in which it holds an interest may 
not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate their collective labour agreements when they expire and may face 
tougher negotiations or higher wage demands than would be the case for non-unionised labour. In addition, 
existing labour agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage at its facilities in the future, and any strike 
or other work stoppage could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. The Group’s industrial activities have experienced strikes and other labour disputes in the 
past and the Group believes that strikes and other industrial actions will remain a risk to the business for the 
foreseeable future.
The success of the Group’s business is also dependent on its ability to attract and retain highly effective 
marketing and logistics personnel, as well as highly qualified and skilled engineers and other industrial, 
technical and project experts to operate its industrial activities, including in locations experiencing political or 
civil unrest, or in which the Group may be exposed to other hazardous conditions. The Group may not be able 
to attract and retain such qualified personnel, and this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Group’s business depends on its ability to retain and attract key employees.
The Group’s success depends on the continued service and performance of its key employees. The loss of 
services of certain key employees, whether to go to a competitor, to start their own business, to retire or for 
other reasons, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations or financial condition. If the 
Group fails to retain or attract the necessary calibre of employees or if it fails to maintain compensation awards 
at an appropriate level for such employees, the Group’s business, results of operations or financial condition 
could be materially adversely affected.
The success of the Group’s marketing activities depends in part on its ability to identify and take 
advantage of arbitrage opportunities.
Many of the commodity markets in which the Group operates are fragmented and periodically volatile. As a 
result, discrepancies generally arise in respect of the prices at which the commodities can be bought or sold in 
different forms, geographic locations or time periods, taking into account the numerous relevant pricing factors,

--- Page 32 ---
32
including freight and product quality. These pricing discrepancies can present the Group with arbitrage 
opportunities whereby the Group is able to generate profit by sourcing, transporting, blending, storing or 
otherwise processing the relevant commodities.
Profitability of the Group’s marketing activities is, in large part, dependent on its ability to identify and exploit 
such arbitrage opportunities. A lack of such opportunities, for example, due to a prolonged period of pricing 
stability in a particular market, or an inability to take advantage of such opportunities when they present 
themselves, because of, for example, a shortage of liquidity or an inability to access required logistics, assets 
or other operational constraints, could adversely impact the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition.
The Group’s marketing activities require access to significant amounts of freight, storage, 
infrastructure and logistics support and it is exposed to increases in the costs and availability thereof.
The Group’s marketing activities entail shipments of commodities in large quantities, often by ocean-going 
transport. The Group has a large and diversified fleet of vessels, including longer term charters, the majority of 
which service the Group’s marketing activities business segment, which exposes the Group to fluctuations in 
freight spot rates. In addition, the Group often competes with other producers, purchasers or marketers of 
commodities or other products for limited storage and berthing facilities at ports and freight terminals, which 
can result in delays in loading or unloading the Group’s products and expose the Group to significant delivery 
interruptions. Increases in the costs of freight, storage, infrastructure and logistics support or limitations or 
interruptions in the supply chain (including any disruptions, refusals or inability to supply) which impede the 
Group’s ability to deliver products on time could adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations or 
financial condition. The Group also requires significant storage capacity for its commodities, which it sources 
both through facilities in which the Group holds equity stakes and pursuant to rental agreements providing it 
with access to, among others, oil terminals and tank farms, metal and other warehouses and silos. Any decrease 
in the Group’s ability to access its customary levels of capacity from these storage facilities or an increase in 
the price at which the Group can acquire storage capacity could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business 
by forcing the Group to use storage facilities in less advantageous locations or at prices that make it less 
profitable for the Group to supply its customers.
The Group’s risk management policies and procedures may leave it exposed to unidentified or 
unanticipated risks.
The Group’s marketing activities are exposed to commodity price, foreign exchange, interest rate, counterparty 
(including credit and performance), liquidity, operational, regulatory and other risks. The Group has devoted 
significant resources to developing and implementing policies and procedures to manage these risks and expects 
to continue to do so in the future. Nonetheless, the Group’s policies and procedures to identify, monitor and 
manage risks have not been fully effective in the past and may not be fully effective in the future.
Some of the Group’s methods of monitoring and managing risk are based on historical market behaviour that 
may not be an accurate predictor of future market behaviour. Other risk management methods depend on 
evaluation of information relating to markets, suppliers, customers and other matters that are publicly available 
or otherwise accessible by the Group. This information may not in all cases be accurate, complete, up to date 
or properly evaluated. Management of operational, legal and regulatory risk requires, among other things, 
policies and procedures to properly record and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these 
policies and procedures may not be fully effective in doing so. Failure to manage all risks associated with the 
Group’s business could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition.

--- Page 33 ---
33
The Group holds some of its industrial assets through non-controlling stakes or joint ventures and 
strategic partnership arrangements.
The Group does not unilaterally control a number of its significant industrial investments. Accordingly, the 
boards of these companies may:

have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with or are opposed to those of the 
Group;

exercise veto rights or take shareholders’ decisions so as to block actions that the Group believes to be 
in its best interests and/or in the best interests of all shareholders;

take action contrary to the Group’s policies or objectives with respect to its investments or commercial 
arrangements; or

as a result of financial or other difficulties, be unable or unwilling to fulfil their obligations under any 
joint venture or other agreement, such as contributing capital to expansion or maintenance projects.
Where projects and operations are controlled and managed by the Group’s co-investors or where control is 
shared on an equal basis, the Group may provide expertise and advice, but has limited or restricted ability to 
mandate compliance with its policies and/or objectives. Improper management or ineffective policies, 
procedures or controls of a non-controlled entity could adversely affect the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of the relevant investment and, therefore, of the Group.
The Group is exposed to the risk of delays in or failure to develop planned expansions or new projects.
The Group has certain expansion projects for its existing operations and plans for certain new projects, the 
development of which is exposed to a number of risks outside its control, such as technical uncertainties, 
availability of suitable financing, infrastructure constraints, construction delays, cost overruns, insufficient 
labour skills or resources, delays in permitting or other regulatory matters.
Any future upward revisions in estimated project costs, delays in completing planned expansions, cost overruns, 
suspension of current projects or other operational difficulties after commissioning may have a material adverse 
effect on the business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects of the Group, in turn requiring it 
to consider delaying discretionary expenditures, including capital expenditures, or suspending or altering the 
scope of one or more of its development projects.
In addition, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to effectively manage the risks arising from 
expansion of its operations. The Group’s current systems, procedures and controls may need to be expanded 
and strengthened to support future operations. Any failure of the Group to effectively manage its expansion 
plans or expanded operations could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects.
Once complete, the results of these projects could differ materially from those anticipated by the Group and the 
significant capital expenditures related to these projects may not be offset by cash flows or other benefits from 
these projects in the timeframe anticipated or at all.
The Group is exposed to the risks associated with production curtailment and resumption.
In an effort to avoid over-supplying markets or building up an inventory of unsold products during periods of 
depressed commodity prices, the Group’s policy is to curtail production by closing mines and production 
facilities, placing other mines and production facilities under care and maintenance and deferring or cancelling 
previously planned expansionary capital expenditure. While this practice may contribute to the stabilisation of 
commodity prices and enable the Group to avoid selling products at or below their marginal cost of production, 
it imposes costs both directly, in the form of redundancy payments, equipment removal, security and other

--- Page 34 ---
34
closing costs and the cost of resuming production or a capital expenditure programme when prices justify such 
renewal, and, indirectly, in the form of revenue forgone, deterioration of assets or the resulting increase in unit 
costs. These costs can adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition or 
prospects.
Given the lead times required to curtail or resume production levels, periods of higher commodity price 
volatility have exacerbated and may in the future exacerbate the adverse effects of changes in production levels, 
which have had and may in the future have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition or prospects.
The production, processing and product delivery capabilities of the Group’s industrial assets rely on 
their infrastructure being adequate and remaining available.
The mining, drilling, processing, development and exploration activities of the industrial assets in which the 
Group holds an interest depend on adequate infrastructure. Certain of these assets are located in areas that are 
sparsely populated and are difficult to access. Reliable roads, power sources, transport infrastructure and water 
supplies are essential for the conduct of these operations and the availability and cost of these utilities and 
infrastructure affect capital and operating costs and, therefore, the Group’s ability to maintain expected levels 
of production and results of operations. Unusual weather or other natural phenomena, associated with climate 
change or otherwise, sabotage or other interference in the maintenance or provision of such infrastructure could 
impact the development of a project, reduce production volumes, increase extraction or exploration costs or 
delay the transportation of raw materials to the mines and projects and commodities to end customers. 
Furthermore, in some locations where the Group has operations, poor quality infrastructure is endemic. Any 
such issues arising in respect of the infrastructure supporting or on the Group’s sites could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects.
The Group’s hedging strategy may not always be effective, does not require all risks to be hedged and 
may leave an exposure to basis risk.
The Group’s marketing activities involve a significant number of purchase and sale transactions across multiple 
commodities. To the extent the Group purchases a commodity from a supplier and does not immediately have 
a matching contract to sell the commodity to a customer, a downturn in the price of the commodity could result 
in losses to the Group. Conversely, to the extent the Group agrees to sell a commodity to a customer and does 
not immediately have a matching contract to acquire the commodity from a supplier, an increase in the price of 
the commodity could result in losses to the Group as it then seeks to acquire the underlying commodity in a 
rising market. In view of the risks in its marketing activities related to commodity price fluctuations and 
potential losses, the Group has a policy, at any given time, of hedging substantially all of its marketing inventory 
not already contracted for sale at pre-determined prices through futures and swap commodity derivative 
contracts, either on commodity exchanges or in the over-the-counter market. Certain of the commodities 
produced and traded by the Group do not have liquid markets where base price risk exposures can be fully 
eliminated using derivative instruments. In the event of disruptions in the commodity exchanges or markets on 
which the Group engages in these hedging transactions, or for commodities where fully effective hedges are 
not available, the Group’s ability to manage commodity price risk may be adversely affected, and this could in 
turn materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, there are 
no traded or bilateral derivative markets for certain commodities that the Group purchases and sells, which 
limits the Group’s ability to fully hedge its exposure to price fluctuations for these commodities. In these 
instances, the Group’s ability to hedge its commodity exposure is limited to forward contracts for the physical 
delivery of a commodity or futures and swap contracts for a different, but seemingly related, commodity. 
Finally, subject to internal risk management, limits and policies, in some cases, the Group takes deliberate 
directional positions without a corresponding opposite directional position in place as part of its marketing 
strategy which has, at certain points in the past, resulted, and may in the future result, in losses.

--- Page 35 ---
35
The Group relies on certain agreements for the sourcing of commodities and these agreements may be 
terminated or fail to be renewed.
The Group is a party to various agreements with certain of its non-controlled industrial assets for the supply of 
commodities to its marketing business. These agreements are an important source of commodities for the 
Group’s marketing activities and provide certainty of regular supply for the Group. These supply agreements 
range from short-term spot contracts to multiple years in duration and have historically been renewed by the 
Group and the supplier on commercially acceptable terms. However, in general, these companies have no 
obligation to renew their supply agreements. The Group may not be able to compel the relevant company to 
enter into or renew a supply agreement with the Group in cases where the Group does not own 100 per cent. of 
the company or where related party transaction minority shareholder approval requirements apply. The Group 
relies on these agreements to source some of its key commodities and any termination or failure to renew such 
agreements at the end of their terms could have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations 
and financial condition.
The commodities industry is very competitive, and the Group may have difficulty effectively competing 
with other industrial and commodity marketing companies.
The commodities industry is characterised by strong competition. The Group faces intense competition in each 
of its business segments and some of its competitors may, in the future, use their resources to broaden their 
reach into the markets in which the Group operates and therefore compete further against the Group. These 
competitors may also expand and diversify their commodity sourcing, processing or marketing operations, or 
engage in pricing or other financial or operational practices that could increase competitive pressure on the 
Group across each of its business segments. Increased competition may result in losses of market share for the 
Group and could materially adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial condition.
The Group is subject to risks relating to the processing, storage and transportation of its commodities.
The Group’s processing and storage facilities, which include ore processing plants, smelters, refineries, tank 
farms and oil terminals, are subject to risks and hazards, including accidental environmental damage, technical 
failure, vandalism and terrorism, which, if they materialise, could adversely affect the Group’s business, results 
of operations and financial condition. In addition, the Group also depends upon seaborne freight, rail, trucking, 
pipeline, overland conveyor and other systems to deliver its commodities to market. Disruption of these 
transport services due to weather-related problems, key equipment or infrastructure failures, strikes, pandemics, 
cyber-related issues, maritime disaster or other events could temporarily impair the Group’s ability to transport 
its commodities to its customers and thus could adversely affect its operations.
Metal processing plants (ore processing plants, smelters and refineries) are especially vulnerable to 
interruptions, particularly where events cause a stoppage that necessitates a shutdown in operations. Stoppages 
in smelting, even if lasting only a few hours, can cause the contents of furnaces to solidify, resulting in a plant 
closure for a significant period and necessitating expensive repairs, any of which could adversely affect the 
Group’s smelting operations.
Transportation and storage of crude oil and oil products involve significant hazards that could result in fires, 
explosions, spills, maritime disaster and other unexpected or dangerous conditions. The occurrence of any of 
these events could result in a material adverse effect, either directly or indirectly, through resulting damages, 
claims and awards, remediation costs or negative publicity on the Group’s business.
The vessels the Group uses to transport its products may be exposed to a variety of natural calamities during 
operations, including violent storms, tidal waves and tsunamis. Any of these natural calamities could result in 
the Group’s vessels grounding, sinking or colliding with other vessels or property, or the loss of life. If one of 
the vessels suffers damage, in addition to the potential loss of its cargo, it would need to be repaired, and the 
costs relating to such losses or repairs may not be covered (either in part or in full) by the insurance policies

--- Page 36 ---
36
that are in place. The costs of such repairs are unpredictable and could be substantial. The loss of earnings while 
the vessels are being repaired and repositioned, and the cost of arranging for alternative transport, as well as the 
actual cost of such repairs, could adversely affect the Group’s business and results of operations. Furthermore, 
the vessels the Group uses to transport its products may be exposed to piracy, terrorist attacks and other events 
beyond its control. These events could result in adverse effects to the Group’s business as a result of seizure of 
its cargoes and disruption to its customers’ or suppliers’ business. While the Group has procured insurance for 
its operations against these types of risks, there can be no assurance that the insurance coverage the Group has 
will be adequate or that its insurers will pay a particular claim. As is the standard for policies of this type, the 
Group’s insurance policies do not, for example, cover risks arising from damage caused by wear and tear to the 
vessels that it owns directly or through joint ventures. In the event of damage to, or the loss of, a vessel or 
vessels and/or their cargoes, a lack of adequate insurance coverage may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business and results of operations and financial condition.
Other risks relating to the Group
The Group may fail to integrate acquisitions or mergers effectively or fail to realise the anticipated 
business growth opportunities or other synergies.
From time to time, the Group considers the acquisition of or merger with complementary businesses or assets 
where the opportunity is presented to do so at attractive prices. For instance, on 3 April 2023, the Company 
announced that it had submitted the Merger Demerger Proposal to the board of directors of Teck on 26 March 
2023 to merge with Teck and to simultaneously demerge their combined coal businesses, and on 12 June 2023 
the Company announced that it had submitted an alternative proposal to acquire Teck’s steelmaking coal 
business. For further details of the Merger Demerger Proposal and the Teck response, see “Description of the 
Company and the Group—Recent Developments— Proposal for a merger between Glencore plc and Teck 
Resources Limited and simultaneous demerger of the combined coal business, and alternative proposal to 
acquire Teck’s steelmaking coal business”. Further acquisitions or mergers to be made by the Group such as 
the Proposed Merger Demerger (as defined below), may be subject to certain approvals (for example, 
shareholder or antitrust or foreign investment approvals which may or may not be obtained or may be obtained 
subject to remedies, including the divestment of assets). Business combinations entail a number of risks, 
including ongoing regulatory conditions and obligations, the ability of the Group to effectively integrate the 
businesses acquired with its existing operations and the realisation of anticipated synergies, significant one-
time write-offs or restructuring charges, unanticipated costs, addressing possible differences in business culture, 
processes, controls, procedures and systems and failing to integrate and motivate key employees and/or retain 
certain individuals during the integration period. The Group may also face challenges with redeploying 
resources in different areas of operations to improve efficiency and minimising the diversion of management 
attention from ongoing business concerns.
Failure to successfully integrate a business could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, 
financial condition, results of operations or prospects. The Group may also be liable for the past acts, omissions 
or liabilities of companies or businesses it has acquired, which may be unforeseen or greater than anticipated at 
the time of the relevant acquisition. In addition, various factors could impact the estimated synergies for 
potential acquisitions or mergers and have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition.
Social, economic and other risks in the markets where the Group operates may cause serious 
disruptions to its business.
Through the geographic diversity of its operations, the Group is exposed to risks of political unrest, strikes, war 
and economic and other forms of instability, such as natural disasters, epidemics or health emergencies, such

--- Page 37 ---
37
as the recent COVID-19 pandemic, acts of God, terrorist attacks and other events beyond its control that may 
adversely affect local economies, infrastructure and livelihoods. 
These events could result in disruption to the Group’s and its customers’ or suppliers’ businesses and seizure 
of, or damage to, any of their cargoes or assets. Such events could also cause the destruction of key equipment 
and infrastructure (including infrastructure located at or serving the Group’s industrial activities, as well as the 
infrastructure that supports the freight and logistics required by the Group’s marketing operations). These events 
could also result in the partial or complete closure of particular ports or significant sea passages, such as the 
Suez or Panama canals or the Strait of Hormuz, potentially resulting in higher costs, congestion of ports or sea 
passages, vessel delays or cancellations on some trade routes. Any of these events could adversely impact the 
business and results of operations of the Group.
The industries in which the Group operates are subject to a wide range of risks as described elsewhere 
in this section, not all of which can be covered, adequately or at all, by its insurance programmes.
The Group has various insurance programmes in place which provide certain coverage for its operations. 
However, the Group’s insurance programmes can only account for some of the risks associated with its 
operations. Suitable coverage at reasonable rates is not always commercially available to cover all material 
risks and even where available, such coverage will never be sufficient to cover all loss and liability to which 
the Group may be exposed. In particular, insurance coverage relating to tailings dams at the Group’s industrial 
assets and the activities and assets of the coal department have become increasingly difficult to insure on a 
commercial basis. The occurrence of a significant adverse event not fully or partially covered by insurance 
could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Group.
Risks relating to Glencore Capital Finance DAC
Glencore Capital Finance DAC’s centre of main interest. 
Although Glencore Capital Finance DAC is incorporated in Ireland, it intends that its centre of main interest 
(“COMI”) is in the United Kingdom. Glencore Capital Finance DAC has its registered office in Ireland. Under 
Regulation (EU) No 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency 
proceedings (recast) (the “Recast EU Insolvency Regulation”), Glencore Capital Finance DAC's COMI is 
presumed to be the place of its registered office (i.e. Ireland) in the absence of proof to the contrary and provided 
that Glencore Capital Finance DAC did not move its registered office within the three months prior to a request 
to open insolvency proceedings.
As to what might constitute “proof to the contrary” regarding the location of a company’s COMI, the key 
decision is that in Re Eurofood IFSC Ltd ([2004] 4 IR 370 (Irish High Court); [2006] IESC 41 (Irish Supreme 
Court); [2006] Ch 508; ECJ Case C-341/04 (European Court of Justice)), given in respect of the equivalent 
provision in the previous EU Insolvency Regulation (Regulation (EC) No 1346/2000). In that case, on a 
reference from the Irish Supreme Court, the European Court of Justice concluded that “factors which are both 
objective and ascertainable by third parties” would be needed to demonstrate that a company’s actual situation 
is different from that which the location of its registered office is deemed to reflect.
Notwithstanding that Glencore Capital Finance DAC has its registered office in Ireland, it believes that factors 
exist that rebut the presumption that its COMI is located in Ireland and that in fact its COMI is in the United 
Kingdom.
Although Glencore Capital Finance DAC believes that its COMI is in the United Kingdom, ultimately this will 
be a matter for the relevant court to decide, based on the circumstances existing at the time when it was asked 
to make that decision. If Glencore Capital Finance DAC's COMI is held to be located in Ireland, main 
insolvency proceedings (including examinership) must be opened in Ireland. However, if Glencore Capital

--- Page 38 ---
38
Finance DAC's COMI is not located in Ireland and is held to be in the United Kingdom, main insolvency 
proceedings (including examinership) may not be opened in Ireland. Notwithstanding that Glencore Capital 
Finance DAC may not have its COMI in Ireland, if it has an “establishment” in Ireland for the purposes of the 
Recast EU Insolvency Regulation, secondary or territorial insolvency proceedings may be opened in Ireland in 
respect of assets of Glencore Capital Finance DAC located in Ireland.
After 31 December 2020, the provisions of the Recast EU Insolvency Regulation relating to Member States 
ceased to apply to the United Kingdom. However, the United Kingdom has retained in part the Recast EU 
Insolvency Regulation under its domestic law. The jurisdictional test based on COMI is in addition to other 
jurisdictional grounds under United Kingdom domestic law. The COMI test is identical under the Recast EU 
Insolvency Regulation and the Recast EU Insolvency Regulation as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (as may be amended or superseded from time to time). However, as the United 
Kingdom is no longer a Member State, the Recast EU Insolvency Regulation does not determine or restrict the 
jurisdiction of the United Kingdom courts to open insolvency proceedings and accordingly there is no restriction 
on the United Kingdom opening insolvency proceedings – parallel or otherwise – should the United Kingdom 
courts determine that they have jurisdiction to do so under domestic law, including based on a finding that the 
COMI of the Issuer is in the United Kingdom.
Risks relating to the Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes
Risks relating to the structure of the Notes
Ranking of obligations under the Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes.
The obligations of the relevant Issuer under the Notes will be unsecured and rank equally in right of payment 
with all unsecured unsubordinated obligations of the relevant Issuer. The obligations of the Guarantors under 
each of the Guarantees of the Notes will be unsecured and rank equally with all unsecured unsubordinated 
obligations of the respective Guarantor. These obligations will also be structurally subordinated to the holders 
of secured and unsecured debt and other creditors of subsidiaries of the Guarantors (other than the relevant 
Issuer). The Terms and Conditions of the Notes do not place any limitation on the amount of unsecured debt 
that may be incurred by the Guarantors or any of their respective subsidiaries (including the Issuers, Glencore 
International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG).
The Notes will be structurally subordinated to subsidiary debt.
Glencore’s operations are principally conducted through its subsidiaries. Accordingly, Glencore is and will be 
dependent on its subsidiaries’ operations to service its indebtedness, including interest and principal due under 
the Deed of Guarantee on the Notes. The Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes will be structurally subordinated 
to the claims of all holders of debt securities and other creditors, including trade creditors, of Glencore’s 
subsidiaries, and to all secured creditors of Glencore and its subsidiaries. In the event of an insolvency, 
bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the business of any subsidiary of the 
relevant Issuer, creditors of such subsidiary generally will have the right to be paid in full before any distribution 
is made to Glencore.
Risks relating to the Guarantees of the Notes 
Limitation in respect of the liability of Glencore (Schweiz) AG under its guarantee of the Notes. 
Glencore (Schweiz) AG’s ability to make payments with respect to any obligations of the Issuers under the 
Notes and its guarantee of the Notes, as set forth in the Guarantee Agreement, may (to the extent that there is 
such a limitation requirement of the applicable law in force at the relevant time) be limited to the maximum 
amount of equity available for distribution as dividend, provided that such limitations shall not free Glencore 
(Schweiz) AG from payment obligations under the Guarantee Agreement in excess of the distributable amount,

--- Page 39 ---
39
but merely postpone the payment date of those obligations until such times as payment is permitted, 
notwithstanding such limitations. Any payment by Glencore (Schweiz) AG with respect to any obligations of 
the Issuers under the Notes and its guarantee of the Notes, may (i) require certain corporate formalities to be 
completed prior to payment including but not limited to obtaining an audit report, shareholders’ resolutions and 
board resolutions approving payment, and (ii) be subject to Swiss Federal Withholding Tax on dividends (the 
present rate of which is 35 per cent., respectively 53.8 per cent in case of a gross-up). 
Risks relating to payments under the Notes
The regulation and reform of benchmarks may adversely affect the value of Notes referencing such 
benchmarks. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national and 
international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark.
The BMR applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of 
input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of 
benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent 
or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
BMR”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the UK. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).
The BMR and the UK BMR could have a material impact on any Notes referencing a benchmark, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the relevant benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the BMR and/or the UK BMR. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant benchmark.
Where Screen Rate Determination (as defined in the Conditions) is specified as the manner in which the Rate 
of Interest (as defined in the Conditions) in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) determined, and LIBOR or another benchmark (each, a “Benchmark”) has been selected as the 
Reference Rate, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the Relevant 
Screen Page (as defined in the Conditions) (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where the 
relevant Benchmark is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may 
be available.
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Conditions provide for the Rate of Interest to be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to offered quotations from banks requested by and provided 
to the relevant Issuer.
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of the relevant Benchmark), the Rate of Interest may ultimately revert to the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) before 
the relevant Benchmark was discontinued, and if the relevant Benchmark is discontinued permanently, the same

--- Page 40 ---
40
Rate of Interest will continue to be the Rate of Interest for each successive Interest Period until the maturity of 
the relevant Floating Rate Notes, so that such Floating Rate Notes will, in effect, become fixed rate notes 
utilising the last available relevant Benchmark rate. Uncertainty as to the continuation of the relevant 
Benchmark, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that would be applicable if the relevant 
Benchmark is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Notes.
In the event that the relevant Benchmark is permanently discontinued, the relevant Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate (as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), or Alternative Rate (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) to be used in place of 
the relevant Benchmark where the relevant Benchmark has been selected as the Reference Rate to determine 
the Rate of Interest. The use of any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
may result in Notes linked to or referencing the relevant Benchmark performing differently (including paying 
a lower Rate of Interest) than they would do if the relevant Benchmark were to continue to apply in its current 
form.
Furthermore, if a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate for the relevant Benchmark is determined by the relevant 
Issuer, the relevant Issuer shall, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, vary the Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed, as necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
without any requirement for consent or approval of the Noteholders. 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined by the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, the Conditions also provide that an Adjustment Spread may be determined by the relevant 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, to be applied to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate. The Adjustment Spread is (i) the spread, formula or methodology which is formally recommended in 
relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate (as defined in the Conditions) with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body (as defined in the Conditions) (which may include a relevant central 
bank, supervisory authority or group of central banks/supervisory authorities), (ii) if no such recommendation 
has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, the spread, formula or methodology which the relevant 
Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to 
produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate, or (iii) if the relevant Issuer, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines that no such spread is customarily applied, 
the spread, formula or methodology which the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser and acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as 
the case may be.
In the event of a permanent discontinuation of the relevant Benchmark, the relevant Issuer may be unable to 
appoint an Independent Adviser in a timely manner, or at all, in which case no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate will be able to be determined, or the relevant Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser 
for any reason may be unable to determine any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate. In these circumstances, 
where the relevant Benchmark has been discontinued, the Rate of Interest will revert to the Rate of Interest 
applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date before the relevant Benchmark was discontinued 
and such Rate of Interest will continue to apply until maturity. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Notes is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate of Interest in respect of the Notes shall be 
determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the Floating 
Rate Option specified is a Floating Rate Option specifying the relevant Benchmark, the Rate of Interest may be 
determined by reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain

--- Page 41 ---
41
banks. If the relevant Benchmark is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from 
banks (as applicable) are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Rate 
of Interest that would be applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate 
Notes.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the BMR reforms and the terms of the Notes in making any investment decision with respect 
to any Notes referencing a benchmark.
Risks relating to market generally
No active trading market for the Notes.
Each Series of Notes will be a new issue of securities for which there will be no established trading market (for 
example, Notes may be allocated to a limited pool of investors). The liquidity of any market for the Notes will 
depend upon the number of holders of the Notes, the interests of the Dealers in making a market for the Notes 
and other factors. In addition, the liquidity of the trading market in the Notes, and the market price quoted for 
the Notes, may be adversely affected by changes in the overall financial market and by changes in the Group’s 
financial performance or in the prospects for companies in its industry generally. There can be no assurance 
that an active trading market will develop for the Notes. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes 
easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
trading market.
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls.
The Issuers will pay principal and interest on the Notes, and the Guarantors will make any payments under the 
Guarantees of the Notes, in the Specified Currency (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if a Noteholder’s financial activities are denominated principally 
in a currency or currency unit (the “Noteholder’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include 
a risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Noteholder’s Currency) and a risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Noteholder’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the 
Noteholder’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease:
•
the Noteholder’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes;
•
the Noteholder’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes; and
•
the Noteholder’s Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.
Other risks relating to the Notes
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuers.
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the relevant 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on such Notes. At those times, a Noteholder generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so

--- Page 42 ---
42
at a significantly lower rate. Prospective Noteholders should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time.
Modification and waivers.
The terms and conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider 
matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant 
Notes. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of issue of the relevant Notes and any such change could materially 
adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 43 ---
43
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have 
been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and which have been filed 
with the CSSF. Such documents shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and form part of this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. The parts of the following documents that are not listed in the cross-reference list, and therefore not 
incorporated by reference, are either not relevant for investors or are covered in another part of this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a)
the audited non-consolidated annual accounts and financial statements (including the auditors’ report 
thereon and notes thereto) of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited as at and for the years ended 31 
December 
2022 
and 
31 
December 
2021 
(available 
at 
https://www.glencore.com/.rest/api/v1/documents/f93320fbd2f24fe76f7fb08029379a1a/GFE_financial
+statements_31+December+2022_signed+04052023.pdf 
and 
https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:9196502a-3b63-437e-b42e-
18e7ab1d596f/GFE_Financial%20Statements_Incl%20signed%20auditors%20opinion_v2.pdf, 
respectively);
(b)
the audited non-consolidated annual accounts and financial statements (including the auditors’ report 
thereon and notes thereto) of Glencore Capital Finance DAC as at and for the years ended 31 December 
2022 
and 
31 
December 
2021 
(available 
at 
https://www.glencore.com/.rest/api/v1/documents/2ae07c2432751ef22b6f288e76beb40e/GCFDAC_F
S_FY22_Distribution.pdf 
and 
https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:d62dcb2e-7cf4-42e8-970a-
5f555ea15a67/GCF%20DAC%20signed%20FS%202021%20and%20audit%20report.pdf, 
respectively);
(c)
the audited non-consolidated financial statements (including the auditors’ report thereon and notes 
thereto) of Glencore International AG as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021 
(available 
at 
https://www.glencore.com/.rest/api/v1/documents/e438d618add96e4385997eb994888db3/GIAG+FS+
and+audit+report+FY22+%28DTT+signed%29.pdf 
and 
https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:9ccc6374-387d-4ebe-8d05-
e6a878e66656/Glencore%20International%20AG_Audited_Financial%20statements_2021_signed.pd
f, respectively);
(d)
the audited non-consolidated financial statements (including the auditors’ report thereon and notes 
thereto) of Glencore (Schweiz) AG as at and for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021 
(available 
at 
https://www.glencore.com/.rest/api/v1/documents/b68c92cf839be25693593e24ede3c65a/GSAG+FS+a
nd+audit+report+FY22_040423%28DTT+signed%29.pdf 
and 
https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:00df4fd6-c41d-473a-a711-
5d7b11a8ba63/Glencore%20(Schweiz)%20AG_Statutory%20Financials%20-
%2031.12.2021%20signed.pdf, respectively);
(e)
the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors’ report thereon and notes thereto) 
of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the alternative performance measures 
section contained in pages 260 to 268 of the annual report of Glencore as at and for the financial year

--- Page 44 ---
44
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
(available 
at 
https://www.glencore.com/.rest/api/v1/documents/ded10fa92974aa388a43aa9f86f483e9/GLEN-2022-
Annual-Report.pdf) and the audited consolidated financial statements (including the auditors’ report 
thereon and notes thereto) of the Group as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the alternative 
performance measures section contained in pages 234 to 242 of the annual report of Glencore as at and 
for 
the 
financial 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
(available 
at 
https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:aab67399-639f-4cb2-be57-b3a66f8a91d6/GLEN-2021-annual-
report.pdf);
(f)
the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of the Group for the six months ended 
30 June 2023 (available at https://www.glencore.com/.rest/api/v1/documents/static/a6349da6-3d11-
4662-9107-28e19667d236/GLEN-2023-Half-Year-Report.pdf);
(g)
the Group Production Report for the six months ended 30 June 2023 in its entirety (available at: 
https://www.glencore.com/.rest/api/v1/documents/static/26ae0436-7810-403e-b3b2-
e069d77d1b36/GLEN_2023-H1_ProductionReport.pdf);
(h)
the Group Production Report for the three months ended 31 March 2023 in its entirety (available at 
https://www.glencore.com/.rest/api/v1/documents/8a3ac49a433647e250159460971a22f9/GLEN_2023
-Q1_ProductionReport.pdf); 
(i)
the Group Production Report for the 12 months ended 31 December 2022 in its entirety (available at 
https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:e43e5f94-6484-4332-9f09-e3601aafb44f/GLEN_2022-
FY_ProductionReport.pdf);
(j)
the terms and conditions contained in pages 26 to 52 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 8 November 2011 (available at https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:2bb06c52-71d0-4062-abe6-
4c12889f9f74/EMTN-Propspectus-2011.pdf); 
(k)
the terms and conditions contained in pages 41 to 70 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 7 May 2013 (available at https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:b83b7217-a9eb-423f-8f64-
c9a2b986bb4a/Glencore-EMTN-2013-Prospectus-FINAL.pdf); 
(l)
the terms and conditions contained in pages 42 to 72 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 15 May 2014 (available at https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:9a4d1716-11d1-4436-bf0b-
c63fe70d50ca/Final-2014-Base-Prospectus.pdf); 
(m)
the terms and conditions contained in pages 42 to 72 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 12 May 2015 (available at https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:4e978a8e-027b-4b77-b406-
bc1b86db5be6/Final-Glencore-EMTN-2015-Prospectus.pdf); 
(n)
the terms and conditions contained in pages 41 to 71 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 12 May 2016 (available at https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:287773b1-ca2b-4ac2-9c43-
55cbd0d729de/EMTN-2016-Final-Base-Prospectus.pdf); 
(o)
the terms and conditions contained in pages 44 to 77 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 22 June 2018 (available at https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:cde923d5-bc2e-4f1c-a75c-
acfe4d4882cb/A36786654%20v3.0%20Base%20Prospectus_Final_Unannotated.pdf);
(p)
the terms and conditions contained in pages 44 to 77 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 14 June 2019 (available at https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:71936497-a3a7-4f0c-92d9-
292a1546d0d4/Base-Prospectus-2019-06-14.pdf);

--- Page 45 ---
45
(q)
the terms and conditions contained in pages 50 to 83 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 24 August 2020 (available at https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:66704af5-cf1f-46ae-8dee-
12d9f3123798/Base%20Prospectus.pdf); and
(r)
the terms and conditions contained in pages 51 to 85 of the base prospectus relating to the Programme 
dated 2 July 2021 (available at https://www.glencore.com/dam/jcr:4d8d4b9c-9c26-465b-8ebd-
3d9ae1b1775b/A44511504%20v6.0%20Glencore%20EMTN%202021_Base%20Prospectus.pdf).
The Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference will be available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-GlencoreFinEur/13229).
Non-consolidated financial statements for Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the financial statements for and the notes to the 
financial statements of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021, as set out in the respective annual reports.
Non-consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022: 
Page reference
Independent Auditor’s Report..............................................................................................
7–15
Statements of Income and Other Comprehensive Income ...................................................
16 
Statement of Financial Position............................................................................................
17
Statement of Changes in Equity ...........................................................................................
18
Notes to the Financial Statements ........................................................................................
19–31
Non-consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021: 
Page reference
Independent Auditor’s Report..............................................................................................
7-16
Statement of Income and Other Comprehensive Income.....................................................
17
Statement of Financial Position............................................................................................
18
Statement of Changes in Equity ...........................................................................................
19
Notes to the Financial Statements ........................................................................................
20-31
The historical financial information of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with UK and Irish GAAP under Financial Reporting Standard 
101 “Reduced Disclosure Framework” and not in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards 
as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.
In principle, there may be material differences in the presentation of historical financial information depending 
on the GAAP applied. However, since the recognition and measurement requirements of IFRS underlie FRS 
101, there were no such differences. For a narrative description of the disclosure exemptions permitted under 
FRS 101, see “Appendix 2 – Overview of Differences Between International Financial Reporting Standards 
and FRS 101 – Reduced Disclosure Framework adopted in the United Kingdom”.

--- Page 46 ---
46
Non-consolidated financial statements for Glencore Capital Finance DAC
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the financial statements for and the notes to the 
financial statements of Glencore Finance Capital DAC for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021, as set out in the respective annual reports. 
Non-consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022: 
Page reference
Independent Auditor’s Report..............................................................................................
8–15
Statement of Comprehensive Income...................................................................................
16
Statement of Financial Position............................................................................................
17
Statement of Changes in Equity ...........................................................................................
18
Notes to the Financial Statements ........................................................................................
19–26
Non-consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021: 
Page reference
Independent Auditor’s Report..............................................................................................
8 - 12
Statement of Comprehensive Income...................................................................................
13
Statement of Financial Position............................................................................................
14
Statement of Changes in Equity ...........................................................................................
15
Notes to the Financial Statements ........................................................................................
16 - 23
Non-consolidated financial statements for Glencore International AG
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the financial statements for and the notes to the 
financial statements of Glencore International AG for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2022 and 
31 December 2021, as set out in the respective annual reports.
Non-consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022: 
Page reference
Report of the Statutory Auditor............................................................................................
3-4
Statement of Financial Position............................................................................................
5
Statement of Income.............................................................................................................
6
Notes to the Financial Statements ........................................................................................
7-16

--- Page 47 ---
47
Non-consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021: 
Page reference
Report of the Statutory Auditor............................................................................................
4-5
Statement of Financial Position............................................................................................
6
Statement of Income.............................................................................................................
7
Notes to the Financial Statements ........................................................................................
8-17
The historical financial information of Glencore International AG incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with Swiss GAAP and not in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.
For a description of the differences between International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and Swiss GAAP, see “Appendix 1 - Overview of Differences 
Between International Financial Reporting Standards and Swiss Generally Accepted Accounting Principles”.
Non-consolidated financial statements for Glencore (Schweiz) AG
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the financial statements for and the notes to the 
financial statements of Glencore (Schweiz) AG for the fiscal years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021, as set out in the respective annual reports.
Non-consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2022: 
Page reference
(references are 
to the PDF page
numbers)
Report of the Statutory Auditor............................................................................................
3-4
Statement of Financial Position............................................................................................
5
Statement of Income.............................................................................................................
6
Notes to the Financial Statements ........................................................................................
7-9
Non-consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2021: 
Page reference
(references are 
to the PDF page
numbers)
Report of the Statutory Auditor............................................................................................
3-4
Statement of Financial Position............................................................................................
5
Statement of Income.............................................................................................................
6
Notes to the Financial Statements ........................................................................................
7-9

--- Page 48 ---
48
The historical financial information of Glencore (Schweiz) AG incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with Swiss GAAP and not in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002.
For a description of the differences between International Financial Reporting Standards as endorsed in the 
Union based on Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 and Swiss GAAP, see “Appendix 1 - Overview of Differences 
Between International Financial Reporting Standards and Swiss Generally Accepted Accounting Principles”.
Consolidated financial statements for Glencore and alternative performance measures
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the financial statements for and the notes to the 
condensed consolidated interim financial statements of Glencore for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 
the alternative performance measures, as set out in Glencore’s 2023 Half-Year Report for the six months ended 
30 June 2023, for the consolidated financial statements of Glencore for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2022 
and the alternative performance measures, as set out in Glencore’s Annual Report 2022, and the consolidated 
financial statements for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021 and the alternative performance measures, as 
set out in Glencore’s Annual Report 2021. 
Half-Year Report for the six months ended 30 June 2023:
Page reference
Independent review report to Glencore plc ..........................................................................
26
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income....................................................................
27
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income..........................................
28
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position...................................................
29
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows.............................................................
30–31
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity ..................................................
32
Notes.....................................................................................................................................
33–72
Alternative performance measures.......................................................................................
73-80
Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2022: 
Page reference
Independent Auditor’s Report to the members of Glencore plc ..............................................
141-156
Consolidated statements of Income .........................................................................................
157
Consolidated statement of Comprehensive Income………………………………………….
158
Consolidated statement of Financial Position..........................................................................
159
Consolidated statement of Cash Flows
..................................................................................................................................................
160–161
Consolidated statement of Changes in Equity
..................................................................................................................................................
162
Notes to the Financial Statements............................................................................................
163–259
Alternative performance measures (unaudited) .......................................................................
260–268

--- Page 49 ---
49
Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2021: 
Page reference
Independent Auditor’s Report to the members of Glencore plc ..........................................
125–142
Consolidated statements of Income......................................................................................
143
Consolidated statement of Comprehensive Income………………………………………
144
Consolidated statement of Financial Position ......................................................................
145
Consolidated statement of Cash Flows
...............................................................................................................................................
146–147
Consolidated statement of Changes in Equity
...............................................................................................................................................
148
Notes to the Financial Statements ........................................................................................
149–233
Alternative performance measures (unaudited) ...................................................................
234-242

--- Page 50 ---
50
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS
Each Issuer and each Guarantor has undertaken, in connection with the listing of the Notes on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, that if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus whose 
inclusion would reasonably be required by investors and their professional advisers, and would reasonably be 
expected by them to be found in this Base Prospectus for the purpose of making an informed assessment of the 
assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of each Issuer and each Guarantor and 
of the rights attaching to the Notes or any change in the information set out under “Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes”, each Issuer and each Guarantor will prepare or procure the preparation of a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus or, as the case may be, publish a new Base Prospectus, for use in connection with any subsequent 
issue by the relevant Issuer of Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 51 ---
51
FORMS OF THE NOTES
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the “Temporary Global 
Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note”), without interest 
coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case 
may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
(“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central 
banking system for the Euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used and certain other criteria are fulfilled.
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or 
any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (the “TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury 
Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are applicable in relation to the Notes.
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be 
exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes 
cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the 
bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any 
subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its 
terms against:
(i)
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Principal Paying Agent; and
(ii)
receipt by the Principal Paying Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership,

--- Page 52 ---
52
within seven days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Note.
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
(“Definitive Notes”) if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of 
Default) occurs.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 
days of the bearer requesting such exchange. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified 
Denominations.
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
or the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes.
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in 
the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification 
of non-U.S. beneficial ownership.
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the bearer of the Temporary Global Note 
against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent.
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by

--- Page 53 ---
53
reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of the 
circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs.
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the bearer of the Permanent Global Note 
against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within 30 
days of the bearer requesting such exchange.
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions.
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Overview of Provisions 
Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below.
Legend concerning United States persons
In the case of any Tranche of Notes, the Notes in global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons 
and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect:
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code.”
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon or Talon 
will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note, 
Coupon or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such 
sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as ordinary income.
Legend concerning Glencore Capital Finance DAC
The following legend will appear on all Global Notes issued by Glencore Capital Finance DAC:
“ANY INVESTMENT IN THIS NOTE DOES NOT HAVE THE STATUS OF A BANK DEPOSIT AND 
IS NOT WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THE DEPOSIT PROTECTION SCHEME OPERATED BY THE 
CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND. THE ISSUER IS NOT AND WILL NOT BE REGULATED BY THE 
CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND AS A RESULT OF ISSUING THIS [TEMPORARY / PERMANENT] 
GLOBAL NOTE.”

--- Page 54 ---
54
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions, save for this paragraph in italics, which, as completed by 
Part A of the relevant Final Terms, will apply to each Tranche of Notes and which will be endorsed on each 
Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global 
form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the 
extent described under “Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form” below. Any 
references to ‘www.bourse.lu’ in the following terms and conditions should be read as references to 
‘www.luxse.com’.
1
Introduction
(a)
Programme: Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited and Glencore Capital Finance DAC (each an “Issuer” 
and together, the “Issuers”) and Glencore plc, Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG 
(each a “Guarantor” and together, the “Guarantors”) have established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to U.S.$20,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes (the “Notes”) unconditionally (subject, in the case of Glencore (Schweiz) AG, to 
applicable Swiss law) and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantors. References herein to the “Issuer” 
shall be to the Issuer of the Notes as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(b)
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of the 
applicable final terms (the “Final Terms”) which completes these terms and conditions (the 
“Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. If the Notes are to be 
listed on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).
(c)
Trust Deed: The Notes are subject to and have the benefit of an amended and restated trust deed dated 2 
July 2021 (as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Trust Deed”) 
made between the Issuers, each Guarantor and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the “Trustee”, 
which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees appointed under the 
Trust Deed).
(d)
Paying Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated paying agency 
agreement dated 2 July 2021 (as further amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, 
the “Paying Agency Agreement”) between the Issuers, each Guarantor, the Trustee, Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch (the “Principal Paying Agent”, which expression includes any successor principal 
paying agent appointed from time to time in accordance with the Paying Agency Agreement in 
connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying 
Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents 
appointed from time to time in accordance with the Paying Agency Agreement in connection with the 
Notes).
(e)
Deed of Guarantee and Guarantee Agreement: The Notes are the subject of a deed of guarantee dated 
24 August 2020 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Deed of 
Guarantee”) entered into by Glencore plc and the Trustee and a guarantee agreement dated 24 August 
2020 (as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Guarantee Agreement”) 
entered into by Glencore International AG, Glencore (Schweiz) AG and the Trustee. The Guarantees of 
the Notes shall each be in addition to and not in substitution for or joint (or joint and several) with any

--- Page 55 ---
55
other guarantee or security which the Trustee may at any time hold for or in relation to the guaranteed 
obligations.
(f)
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to “Notes” are to the Notes which are the 
subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available free of charge 
during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent and the Paying Agent 
in Luxembourg, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. If the Notes are to be admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, the 
applicable 
Final 
Terms 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.glencore.com/investors/debt-investors/emtn-programme).
(g)
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Trust Deed, the Paying Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Guarantee Agreement and are subject to their detailed 
provisions. The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and the holders of the related interest coupons, 
if any, (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) are bound by, and are deemed to have 
notice of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Paying Agency Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee 
and the Guarantee Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Trust Deed, the Paying Agency 
Agreement, the Deed of Guarantee and the Guarantee Agreement are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the 
initial Specified Offices of which are set out below.
2
Interpretation
(a)
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity.
“Business Day” means:
(i)
in relation to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and
(ii)
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than Euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
(i)
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day;
(ii)
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 56 ---
56
(iii)
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day;
(iv)
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that:
(A)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month;
(B)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and
(C)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month 
in which the preceding such date occurred;
(v)
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention;
“Calculation Agent” means the Principal Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or 
such other amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning giving in the relevant Final Terms;
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, S.A.;
“Consolidated Assets” means all of the assets of the Group as reported in the latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Group;
“Consolidated Borrowing Costs” of the Group means all continuing, regular or periodic costs, charges 
and expenses (including, but not limited to, interest, whether capitalised or not and the interest element 
of Finance Leases) incurred by the Group in effecting, servicing or maintaining Financial Indebtedness, 
plus rent payments under operating leases, less interest received by the Group, all as reported in the latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Group;
“Consolidated Income” means income for the year before attribution less attribution to minorities, each 
as reported (or as comprised by those items having a substantially similar description) in the latest 
audited annual consolidated financial statements of the Group or any Subsidiary, as the case may be;
“Consolidated Income (or Loss) before Borrowing Costs and Tax” means Consolidated Income 
adjusted by adding back minority interests, taxes, extraordinary items and Consolidated Borrowing 
Costs for the period, all by reference to the latest audited annual consolidated financial statements of the 
Group;
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note;

--- Page 57 ---
57
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and:
(i)
when the 2000 ISDA Definitions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable:
(A)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means:
(1)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and
(2)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:
(x)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and
(y)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending 
in any year;
(ii)
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365;
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360;
(v)
if “30/360” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months 
(unless (i) the last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month 
that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); and
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified means, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, the date of final maturity is the last day 
of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month); or
(vii)
when the 2006 ISDA Definitions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable:

--- Page 58 ---
58
(A)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means:
(1)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number 
of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; and
(2)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:
(x)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in 
any year; and
(y)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods normally 
ending in any year;
(B)
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(C)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365;
(D)
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;
(E)
if “30/360” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360 calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
1
2
(
)]
1
2
(
30
[
)]
1
2
(
360
[
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







where:
“Y1”
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“Y2”
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1”
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls;
“M2”
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;
“D1”
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and

--- Page 59 ---
59
“D2”
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;
(F)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, means the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
1
2
(
)]
1
2
(
30
[
)]
1
2
(
360
[
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







where:
“Y1”
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“Y2”
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1”
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls;
“M2”
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;
“D1”
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and
“D2”
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would 
be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and
(G)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, means the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
1
2
(
)]
1
2
(
30
[
)]
1
2
(
360
[
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







where:
“Y1”
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;
“Y2”
is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;
“M1”
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of 
the Calculation Period falls;
“M2”
is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period 
falls;
“D1”
is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation 
Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 60 ---
60
“D2”
is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last 
day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 
31, in which case D2 will be 30.
“Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;
“Euro” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended;
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank SA/NV;
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Trust Deed;
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount as specified in, or 
determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;
“Financial Adviser” means a financial adviser appointed by the Issuer after consultation with the 
Trustee;
“Financial Indebtedness” of any Person, means (without duplication and excluding trade credit in the 
ordinary course of the Group’s business on the Group’s normal commercial terms):
(i)
all obligations of such Person for monies borrowed and its redemption obligations in respect of 
mandatorily redeemable preferred stock (being any class of capital stock of a corporation that is 
preferred over any other class of capital stock of such corporation as to the payment of dividends 
or the payment for any amounts upon liquidation or dissolution of such corporation);
(ii)
all obligations of such Person evidenced by any debenture, bond, note, loan, stock, commercial 
paper or other similar security;
(iii)
all actual (as opposed to contingent) reimbursement and other payment obligations of such Person 
(other than accounts payable) in respect of any acceptance of financial letters of credit or 
instruments serving similar functions;
(iv)
all obligations of such Person in respect of capitalised rentals or Finance Leases;
(v)
all guarantees by such Person of financial indebtedness of third parties; and
(vi)
the remaining recourse element of receivables sold by such Person or any of its Subsidiaries in a 
jurisdiction where such receivables financing is not a usual and customary financing transaction,
(vii)
but with respect to the Group shall exclude monies borrowed or raised by any entity within the 
Group from any other entity within the Group;
“Finance Lease” as applied to any Person, means any lease of any property (whether real, personal or 
mixed) by such Person as lessee which would, in accordance with IFRS, be required to be classified and 
accounted for as a finance lease in the financial accounts or statements of such Person;
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings, Inc. (or any of its affiliates), or its Successor;
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Gross Redemption Yield” means a yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market 
practice at such time, as advised to the Issuer by the Financial Adviser.

--- Page 61 ---
61
“Group” means, at any time, Glencore plc and its Subsidiaries (including the Issuer), through which 
Glencore plc may own its assets and conduct operations indirectly;
“Guarantee” means, in relation to any Financial Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Financial Indebtedness;
“Guarantees of the Notes” means (i) the guarantee of the Notes given by Glencore plc in the Deed of 
Guarantee and (ii) the guarantee of the Notes given by each of Glencore International AG and Glencore 
(Schweiz) AG in the Guarantee Agreement;
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable 
in respect of that Note for that Interest Period;
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms;
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Interest Payment Date” means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms:
(i)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or
(ii)
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case);
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date;
“Interest Ratchet” means the following rates of interest:
(i)
upon the occurrence of a Step Up Event, the applicable Rate of Interest (as defined in Condition 
9(a)) plus the Step Up Margin; and
(ii)
upon the occurrence of a Step Down Event, the applicable Rate of Interest (as defined in 
Condition 9(a));
“International Financial Reporting Standards” or “IFRS” means, at any time, the current version of 
accounting standards set out by the International Accounting Standards Board in London, England 
(previously the International Accounting Standards or IAS);
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as further amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the 2000 ISDA Definitions as further amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.;
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 62 ---
62
“Limited Recourse Indebtedness” means any indebtedness to finance the ownership, acquisition, 
development, redevelopment and/or operation of an asset or to finance or facilitate the receipt of any 
specified revenues or receivables in respect of which the person or persons to whom any such 
indebtedness is or may be owed (in this definition, the “Lender”) by the relevant borrower being the 
Issuer, each of the Guarantors or any Material Subsidiary (in this definition, the “Borrower”) has or 
have no recourse whatsoever to the Borrower for the repayment thereof other than:
(i)
recourse to such Borrower for amounts limited to the cash flow or net cash flow from such asset 
or receivable; and/or
(ii)
recourse to the proceeds of enforcement of any Security Interest given by such Borrower over 
such asset or receivable or the income, cash flow or other proceeds deriving therefrom (“Relevant 
Property”) (or given by any shareholder or the like in the Borrower over its shares or the like in 
the capital of the Borrower (“Related Property”)) to secure such indebtedness, provided that 
(A) the extent of such recourse to such Borrower is limited solely to the amount of any recoveries 
made on any such enforcement, and (B) such Lender is not entitled, by virtue of any right or 
claim arising out of or in connection with such indebtedness, to commence proceedings for the 
winding-up or dissolution of the Borrower or to appoint or procure the appointment of any 
receiver, trustee or similar person or officer in respect of the Borrower or any of its assets (save 
for the assets the subject of such encumbrance); and/or
(iii)
recourse to the Borrower generally, or directly or indirectly to a member of the Group, under any 
form of assurance, undertaking or support, which recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other 
than liquidated damages and damages required to be calculated in a specific way) for breach of 
an obligation (not being a payment obligation or an obligation to procure payment by another 
person or an indemnity in respect thereof or an obligation to comply or to procure compliance by 
another person with any financial ratios or other tests of financial condition) by the person in 
favour of whom such recourse is available;
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Material Subsidiary” means:
(i)
any Subsidiary of Glencore plc where (i) the Subsidiary Income (or Loss) before Borrowing Costs 
and Tax in respect of such a Subsidiary during the immediately preceding complete financial year 
of such Subsidiary exceeded 10 per cent. of the Consolidated Income (or Loss) before Borrowing 
Costs and Tax of the Group during the immediate preceding complete financial year of Glencore 
plc or (ii) the Subsidiary Assets in respect of such Subsidiary during the immediately preceding 
complete financial year of such Subsidiary exceeded 10 per cent, of the Consolidated Assets of 
the Group as at the end of the immediately preceding complete financial year of Glencore plc; or
(ii)
any other Subsidiary of Glencore plc which has been designated by Glencore plc to the Dealers 
and the Trustee in writing to constitute a “Material Subsidiary” provided that, subject to 
paragraph (i) above, Glencore plc may, by notice in writing to the Dealers and the Trustee specify 
that a Subsidiary previously designated to be a “Material Subsidiary” pursuant to this provision 
shall no longer be treated as a “Material Subsidiary”; or
(iii)
any other Subsidiary of Glencore plc held directly or indirectly which owns, directly or indirectly, 
a Subsidiary which is a Material Subsidiary in accordance with paragraph (i) or (ii) above,
provided that no Subsidiary of the Group that has common stock listed on a public securities exchange, 
nor any of their respective direct or indirect Subsidiaries, shall be deemed to be a Material Subsidiary. 
In addition, Glencore Agriculture Ltd. shall not be deemed to be a Material Subsidiary;

--- Page 63 ---
63
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Maximum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Minimum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Minimum Rating Requirement” means that there shall be in existence Ratings equal to or higher than 
the Specified Threshold from at least two Rating Agencies at any particular time;
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Ltd., or its Successor;
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms;
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the Euro 
as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;
“Payment Business Day” means:
(i)
if the currency of payment is Euro, any day which is:
(A)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and
(B)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or
(ii)
if the currency of payment is not Euro, any day which is:
(A)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and
(B)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre;
“Permitted Securitisation Transaction” shall mean a sale of receivables, inventories or other assets by 
a member of the Group to a special purpose entity, whereby either (i) the sale does not meet the 
derecognition requirements of, or (ii) the special purpose entity is required to be consolidated under, 
IFRS such that the assets and related liabilities appear on Glencore plc’s consolidated financial 
statements;
“Permitted Security Interest” means:
(i)
any Security Interest over property or assets of a Person which becomes a Subsidiary after the 
Issue Date (and at the same time or subsequently becomes a Material Subsidiary), but only if:

--- Page 64 ---
64
(A)
the Security Interest (1) was in existence prior to the date of the Person concerned 
becoming a Subsidiary and (2) was not created in contemplation of such Person becoming 
a Subsidiary; and
(B)
the principal or nominal amount secured by the Security Interest as at the date the Person 
became a Subsidiary is not subsequently increased; and
(ii)
any Security Interest on accounts receivable, inventory or other assets in connection with 
Permitted Securitisation Transactions;
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that:
(i)
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by 
the Calculation Agent; and
(ii)
in relation to Australian dollars, it means Sydney and, in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means 
either Wellington or Auckland, as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder;
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder;
“Quotation Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms;
“Rating” means a rating of the Notes;
“Rating Agency” means S&P, Moody’s, Fitch or any other rating agency generally recognised as such 
by banks, securities houses and investors operating in the European international capital markets and 
appointed by or on behalf of the Issuer to maintain a Rating but excluding any rating agency providing 
a Rating on an unsolicited basis;
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms;
“Redemption Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London office of the 
major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the 
principal Euro-zone office of the major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected 
by the Issuer, or as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 65 ---
65
“Reference Bond” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Regular Period” means:
(i)
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;
(ii)
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first interest period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any 
year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and
(iii)
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period.
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders;
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Relevant Indebtedness” means (i) any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amount) in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are, or are intended to be, with the 
consent of the person issuing the same, quoted, listed or ordinarily traded on any stock exchange or 
recognised over-the-counter or other securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of 
any such indebtedness;
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate;
“Reserved Matter” has the meaning given in the Trust Deed;
“Residual Call Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that where a Residual 
Call Event has occurred as a result of a partial redemption pursuant to Condition 10(c) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer) where the Make-whole Amount was specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount shall be the 
Make-whole Amount in respect of such redemption;

--- Page 66 ---
66
“Residual Call Event” shall be deemed to occur if the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes is 25 per cent. or less of the aggregate principal amount of the Series issued;
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, or its Successor;
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction;
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Paying Agency Agreement or, in relation to the Trustee, 
has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed;
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Specified Threshold” means BBB- (in the case of S&P), Baa3 (in the case of Moody’s) or BBB- (in 
the case of Fitch) or the equivalent rating level of any other Rating Agency;
“Step Down Event” means the reinstatement of the Minimum Rating Requirement following the 
occurrence of a Step Up Event;
“Step Up Event” means a failure to meet the Minimum Rating Requirement at any time, unless:
(i)
the Minimum Rating Requirement has been reinstated by the earlier of (a) 120 days after the date 
on which the Minimum Rating Requirement was not met or (b) the Interest Payment Date 
immediately following the relevant failure to meet the Minimum Rating Requirement; or
(ii)
the relevant failure to meet the Minimum Rating Requirement is due to a reason other than a 
reason related to the Issuer or any Guarantor;
“Step Up Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any Person, any corporation, association or other business entity 
more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Shares of which is at the time owned directly or indirectly by such 
Person. Unless otherwise specified, any reference to a Subsidiary is intended as a reference to a direct 
or indirect Subsidiary of Glencore plc;
“Subsidiary Assets” means the total assets of a Subsidiary of Glencore plc excluding all intercompany 
assets and liabilities, all as reported in the latest consolidated financial statements of that Subsidiary (or, 
in relation to a Subsidiary of Glencore plc which does not have any Subsidiaries, the latest non-
consolidated financial statements of such Subsidiary);
“Subsidiary Borrowing Costs” of any Subsidiary of Glencore plc means all continuing, regular or 
periodic costs, charges and expenses (including, but not limited to interest, whether capitalised or not 
and the interest element of Finance Leases) incurred by such Subsidiary in effecting, servicing or 
maintaining Financial Indebtedness plus rent payments under operating leases, less interest received by 
such Subsidiary, all as reported in the latest consolidated financial statements of such Subsidiary (or, in 
relation to a Subsidiary of Glencore plc, which does not have any Subsidiaries, the latest non-
consolidated financial statements of such Subsidiary);
“Subsidiary Income (or Loss) before Borrowing Costs and Tax” means the Consolidated Income of 
any Subsidiary of Glencore plc (or, in relation to such a Subsidiary which does not have any Subsidiaries, 
the non-consolidated income), adjusted by adding back any cumulative effect of changes in accounting 
policy, minority interests, income taxes, extraordinary items and Subsidiary Borrowing Costs for the

--- Page 67 ---
67
year, but excluding all inter Subsidiary transactions such as, but not limited to, dividends, commissions 
and management fees all as reported in the latest consolidated financial statements of such Subsidiary 
(or, in relation to a Subsidiary of Glencore plc which does not have any Subsidiaries, the latest non-
consolidated financial statements of such Subsidiary);
“Successor” means the legal successor to any of the Rating Agencies continuing such Rating Agency’s 
respective business activity;
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons;
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007;
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET2 System is open for settlement of 
payments in Euro;
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as subsequently amended;
“Voting Shares” means with respect to any person, the securities of any class or classes of such person, 
the holders of which are ordinarily, in the absence of contingencies, entitled to elect a majority of the 
corporate directors (or persons performing similar functions) of such person; and
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.
(b)
Interpretation: In these Conditions:
(i)
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable;
(ii)
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons;
(iii)
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable;
(iv)
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions;
(v)
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions;
(vi)
references to Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Trust Deed; 
and
(vii)
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, 
but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is “not 
applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Notes.
3
Form, Denomination and Title
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue, provided that in the case of any Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a

--- Page 68 ---
68
Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). In the case of a Series of Notes with more 
than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes and the Coupons will pass by delivery. The holder of any 
Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
(whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any 
writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating 
such holder.
4
Status and Guarantees
(a)
Status of the Notes: The Notes constitute direct, general and unconditional obligations of the Issuer 
which will at all times rank pari passu among themselves and at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, save for such obligations as may be 
preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general application. 
(b)
Guarantees of the Notes: Glencore plc has in the Deed of Guarantee and each of Glencore International 
AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG has in the Guarantee Agreement unconditionally (subject, in the case 
of Glencore (Schweiz) AG, to applicable Swiss law) and irrevocably guaranteed the due and punctual 
payment of all sums from time to time payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes. The Guarantees of 
the Notes each constitute direct, general and unconditional (subject, in the case of Glencore (Schweiz) 
AG, to applicable Swiss law) obligations of the relevant Guarantor which will at all times rank at least 
pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of such Guarantor, 
save for such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and of general 
application. The Guarantees of the Notes shall each be in addition to and not in substitution for or joint 
(or joint and several) with any other guarantee or security which the Trustee may at any time hold for or 
in relation to the guaranteed obligations. 
5
Negative Pledge
None of the Issuer and the Guarantors will, and the Guarantors will not permit any Material Subsidiary to, 
directly or indirectly, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Security Interest, except for Permitted Security 
Interests, on or with respect to any property or assets of the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary 
(whether held on the date hereof or hereafter acquired) or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom 
to secure any Relevant Indebtedness unless, at the same time or prior thereto, the Issuer’s obligations under the 
Notes, Glencore plc’s obligations under the Deed of Guarantee or, as the case may be, each of Glencore 
International AG’s and Glencore (Schweiz) AG’s obligations under the Guarantee Agreement are secured 
equally and rateably therewith or benefit from another arrangement (whether or not comprising a Security 
Interest) as the Trustee deems is not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders.
6
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 6 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
10 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (as well after as before judgment)

--- Page 69 ---
69
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment).
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination (subject to Condition 9 below, if applicable).
(d)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of 
each Note for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount (or formula for its calculation) is not 
specified shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount and the relevant 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency 
(half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any 
currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent.
(e)
Net Interest Amount: If any withholding or deduction is imposed under Condition 12, the Issuer shall 
increase the payment of principal or interest to such amount as will result in receipt by the Noteholders 
and Couponholders of such amount as would have been received by them if no such withholding or 
deduction had been required (except as provided in Condition 12).
7
Floating Rate Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 7 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at 
the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 
11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal 
Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment).
(c)
Screen Rate Determination:
(i)
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will, subject to Condition 7(d) below, be: 
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of 
LIBOR or Brussels time in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question

--- Page 70 ---
70
as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available 
on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations.
(ii)
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, sub-paragraph (i)(A) applies and no such offered 
quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (i)(B) above applies and fewer 
than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time 
specified above for reasons other than the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in 
Condition 7(d) below), subject as provided below, the Issuer shall request, if the Reference Rate 
is LIBOR, the principal London office of each of the Reference Banks or, if the Reference Rate 
is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Issuer 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time), or if the Reference 
Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination 
Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent.
(iii)
If paragraph (ii) above applies and the Issuer determines that fewer than two Reference Banks 
are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at 
the request of) the Issuer by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such 
banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) 
or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the 
Issuer with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Trustee and the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs 
the Issuer it is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, the London inter-bank 
market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may 
be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period).

--- Page 71 ---
71
(d)
Benchmark Replacement: 
(i)
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, at the Issuer’s own expense, with a view to the Issuer 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
7(d)(iv)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 7(d)(v)) 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 7(d)(vi)).
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 7(d) shall act in good faith as an 
expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent 
Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to 
the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 
7(d). 
(ii)
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 7(d) prior to the 
date which is 10 business days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period (or alternatively if 
there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be the initial Rate of 
Interest (subject, where applicable, to substituting the Margin that applied to such preceding 
Interest Period for the Margin that is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period). For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 7(d)(ii) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period only and 
any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in, this Condition 7(d).
(iii)
If the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and in good faith, determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread 
shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 7(d)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 
7(d)).
(iv)
The Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be).
(v)
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 7(d) and the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, and 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines (i) that amendments 
to these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject

--- Page 72 ---
72
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 7(d)(vi), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Trust Deed to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent of a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer pursuant to 
Condition 7(d)(vi), the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall (at the expense 
of the Issuer), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged 
to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and these Conditions or an 
agreement supplemental to or amending the Paying Agency Agreement), provided that the 
Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged so to concur if in the 
opinion of the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon them or expose them to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to them in these Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed and/or the Paying Agency Agreement (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any supplemental trust deed or supplemental paying agency agreement) in any way.
(vi)
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 7(d) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 
20, the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:
(A)
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate and, (iii) where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or 
the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7(d); and
(B)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread 
(if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence 
of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice 
to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 7(d), if following the Issuer’s 
determination of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two 
or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this 
Condition 7(d), the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall 
direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the 
Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other 
than due to its own gross negligence, willful default or fraud) to make such calculation or 
determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be

--- Page 73 ---
73
under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross 
negligence, willful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so.
(vii)
Without prejudice to Conditions 7(d)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v), the Original Reference Rate and 
the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 7(c) will continue to apply unless and until a 
Benchmark Event has occurred.
(viii)
Definitions:
As used in this Condition 7(d):
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or 
(b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which: 
(A)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate)
(B)
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily 
applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in 
international debt capital markets to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Original Reference Rate; or (if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, determines that no such spread is customarily applied)
(C)
the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, and acting in a commercially reasonable manner and 
in good faith, determines in accordance with Condition 7(d)(iv) has replaced the Original 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the 
purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes.
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d)(vi).
“Benchmark Event” means:
(A)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or
(B)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it has ceased 
or that it will cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or
(C)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or

--- Page 74 ---
74
(D)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or
(E)
it has become unlawful for any Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate,
provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs (B), (C) and (D), the Benchmark Event shall occur 
on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate, the discontinuation of 
the Original Reference Rate, or the prohibition of use of the Original Reference Rate, as the case 
may be, and not the date of the relevant public statement.
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
7(d)(i).
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes.
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(A)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(B)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (1) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (2) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (3) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
(e)
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in relation 
to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that 
would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:
(i)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms;
(ii)
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; and
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the first day of that Interest Period.
The definition of ‘Fallback Observation Day’ in the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed deleted in its 
entirety and replaced with the following: “‘Fallback Observation Day’ means, in respect of a Reset Date 
and the Calculation Period (or any Compounding Period included in that Calculation Period) to which

--- Page 75 ---
75
that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise agreed, the day that is five Business Days preceding the related 
Interest Payment Date.
(f)
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable 
in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant 
Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified hereon as applicable) or the relevant 
Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified hereon as applicable), one of which shall 
be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for the period of time 
next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall determine such rate at such time 
and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate.
(g)
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.
(h)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest 
Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be equal to 
the product of the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period, the Calculation Amount and the relevant Day 
Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a 
sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other 
than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent.
(i)
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or 
times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms.
(j)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, Interest Period and any other amount(s) required to 
be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, each 
Guarantor, the Trustee and the Paying Agents, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and each stock 
exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed as soon as practicable after such determination but 
(in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later 
than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest 
Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation 
Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.
(k)
Notifications, etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantors, the Trustee, the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders and the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person

--- Page 76 ---
76
will attach to the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it 
of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes.
(l)
Determination or Calculation by Trustee: If the Calculation Agent fails at any time to determine a Rate 
of Interest or to calculate an Interest Amount, the Trustee will determine such Rate of Interest and make 
such determination or calculation which shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. 
In doing so, the Trustee shall apply all of the provisions of these Conditions with any necessary 
consequential amendments to the extent that, in its sole opinion and with absolute discretion, it can do 
so and in all other respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances and will not be liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a 
result thereof. Any such determination or calculation made by the Trustee shall be binding on the Issuer, 
each Guarantor, Noteholders, Couponholders, the Calculation Agent and the Paying Agents.
(m)
Net Interest Amount: If any withholding or deduction is imposed under Condition 12 (Taxation), the 
Issuer shall increase the payment of principal or interest to such amount as will result in receipt by the 
Noteholders and Couponholders of such amount as would have been received by them if no such 
withholding or deduction had been required (except as provided in Condition 12).
8
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
(a)
Application: This Condition 8 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.
(b)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of:
(i)
the Reference Price; and
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Principal Paying Agent or as 
the case may be the Trustee has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment).
9
Adjustment of Rate of Interest:
(a)
If a Step Up Event or Step Down Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes shall be the Rate of Interest at any time determined in accordance with Condition 
6 or Condition 7, as the case may be, (the “applicable Rate of Interest”), subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Interest Ratchet (each such adjustment, a “Rate Adjustment”). Any Rate 
Adjustment shall apply in respect of the Interest Period commencing on the Interest Payment Date falling 
on or immediately following the date of the relevant Step Up Event or Step Down Event, as the case 
may be, until either a further Rate Adjustment becomes effective or to the Maturity Date, as the case 
may be.
(b)
The Issuer shall cause each Rate Adjustment to be notified to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) as soon as possible after 
the occurrence of the relevant Step Up Event or Step Down Event, as the case may be, but in no event 
later than the tenth Business Day thereafter.

--- Page 77 ---
77
(c)
For so long as any Notes (in respect of which a Step Up Event or Step Down Event is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) are outstanding, the Issuer shall use its best efforts to maintain the Minimum 
Rating Requirement, and following a failure to meet the Minimum Rating Requirement, the Issuer shall 
use its best efforts to procure the reinstatement of the Minimum Rating Requirement as soon as 
reasonably practicable thereafter.
10
Redemption and Purchase
(a)
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments).
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part:
(i)
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being not applicable); or
(ii)
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable),
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders (in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices)) (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), 
together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if:
(A)
(1) the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately prior to the giving of the notice by the Issuer 
referred to above that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of the United Kingdom, Jersey, Switzerland or Ireland or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Notes and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking 
reasonable measures available to it; or
(B)
(1) the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately prior to the giving of the notice by the Issuer 
referred to above that any of the Guarantors has or (if a demand were made under the Guarantees 
of the Notes) would become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of 
(in the case of either Glencore International AG or Glencore (Schweiz) AG) the United Kingdom 
or Switzerland or (in the case of Glencore plc) the United Kingdom, Jersey or Switzerland or any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court 
of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes, and (2) such obligation cannot be avoided by such 
Guarantor taking reasonable measures available to it,
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than:
(i)
where the Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the 
Issuer or any Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or any Guarantor would 
be obliged to make such withholding or deduction if a payment in respect of the Notes were then 
due or (as the case may be) a demand under the Guarantees of the Notes were then made; or

--- Page 78 ---
78
(ii)
where the Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer or any 
Guarantor would be obliged to pay such additional amounts or any Guarantor would be obliged 
to make such withholding or deduction if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due or (as 
the case may be) a demand under the Guarantees of the Notes were then made.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver 
or procure that there is delivered to the Trustee (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer 
stating that the circumstances referred to in A(1) and A(2) prevail and setting out the details of such 
circumstances or (as the case may be) a certificate signed by two directors of the relevant Guarantor 
stating that the circumstances referred to in B(1) and B(2) prevail and setting out the details of such 
circumstances and (B) an opinion satisfactory to the Trustee of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant Guarantor has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts or (as the case may be) the Guarantor has or will become obliged 
to make such withholding or deduction as a result of such change or amendment. The Trustee shall be 
entitled to accept such certificate and opinion as sufficient evidence of the circumstances set out in A(1) 
and A(2) above or (as the case may be) B(1) and B(2) above, in which event they shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Noteholders. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 
10(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(b).
(c)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 10 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices)) and having notified the Trustee prior to the 
provision of such notice (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the 
Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) up to (but excluding) 
such date).
If Make-whole Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) per Note shall be equal to the higher of the following, 
in each case together with interest accrued to but excluding the Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call):
(i)
the principal amount of the Note; and
(ii)
the principal amount of the Note multiplied by the price (as reported in writing to the Issuer and 
the Trustee by a Financial Adviser) expressed as a percentage at which the Gross Redemption 
Yield on the Notes on the Determination Date is equal to the Gross Redemption Yield at the 
Quotation Time on the Determination Date of the Reference Bond (or, where the Financial 
Adviser advises the Issuer that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, such Reference Bond is 
not appropriate for such purpose, such other government stock as such Financial Adviser may 
recommend) plus any applicable Redemption Margin.
Any notice of redemption given under this Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) will 
override any notice of redemption given (whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under 
Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons).
(d)
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by 
the drawing of lots in such place as the Trustee approves and in such manner as the Trustee considers 
appropriate, subject in each case to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each stock exchange

--- Page 79 ---
79
on which the Notes are then listed, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.
(e)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on the 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the 
option contained in this Condition 10(e), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note 
together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the 
form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Note, once deposited with 
a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 10(e), may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note 
becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption monies is improperly withheld or refused, 
the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as 
may have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at 
its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this 
Condition 10(e), the depositor of such Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder 
of such Note for all purposes.
(f)
Issuer Residual Call Option: If the Issuer Residual Call is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable and, at any time, a Residual Call Event has occurred, the Notes may be redeemed at the option 
of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, on any Residual Call Redemption Date at the Residual Call Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms on the Issuer’s giving not less than the 
minimum period of notice specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if none is so specified, 10 days’ 
notice) nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the relevant Final Terms (or, if none is 
so specified, 60 days’ notice) to the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices)) and having 
notified the Trustee prior to the provision of such notice (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes on the relevant Residual Call Redemption Date at the Residual 
Call Early Redemption Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms plus accrued interest (if any) up to 
(but excluding) such date).
(g)
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (f) above.
(h)
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity 
Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of:
(i)
the Reference Price; and
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable.

--- Page 80 ---
80
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(h) or, if none is so specified, 
a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360.
(i)
Purchase: The Issuer, each of the Guarantors or any Subsidiary of each of the Guarantors may at any 
time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured 
Coupons are purchased therewith.
(j)
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Subsidiary of 
any Guarantor and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them may be held by the 
Issuer, any Guarantor or any Subsidiary of any Guarantor or resold.
11
Payments
(a)
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment 
is made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by check drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated 
in that currency (or, if that currency is Euro, any other account to which Euro may be credited or 
transferred) and maintained by the payee with a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency.
(b)
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above.
(c)
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the 
full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law without resulting in adverse tax consequences to the Issuer or any Guarantor.
(d)
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation). No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders 
or Couponholders in respect of such payments.
(e)
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specify that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto:
(i)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will 
be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment;
(ii)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment:
(A)
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will 
result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant

--- Page 81 ---
81
Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and
(B)
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum 
deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as 
the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment.
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons.
(f)
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specify that this Condition 11(f) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note 
or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders), Condition 10(f) (Issuer Residual Call Option) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all 
unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment 
will be made in respect thereof.
(g)
Payments on Business Days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or 
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay.
(h)
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office 
of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above).
(i)
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of 
such payment.
(j)
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may 
be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent and the Paying Agent in Luxembourg 
for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in 
respect of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription). Upon the 
due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void 
and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon.
12
Taxation
(a)
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons (including 
payments by each Guarantor under the Guarantees of the Notes) by or on behalf of the Issuer or each 
Guarantor shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed by the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Jersey or Ireland or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer or (as the case may be) the relevant Guarantor shall pay such additional

--- Page 82 ---
82
amounts as will result in the receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders of such amounts as would 
have been received by them if no such withholding or deduction had been required, except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment:
(i)
by a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect 
of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with the United Kingdom, 
Switzerland, Jersey or Ireland other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or
(ii)
where any tax is required to be withheld or deducted from a payment pursuant to laws enacted 
by Switzerland providing for the taxation of payments according to principles similar to those 
laid down in the consultation draft issued by the Swiss Federal Council on 3 April 2020, or 
otherwise changing the Swiss Federal Withholding Tax system from an issuer-based system to a 
paying agent-based system pursuant to which a person in Switzerland other than the Issuer or 
each Guarantor is required to withhold tax on any interest payments; or
(iii)
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder would 
have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such Note or Coupon on the last 
day of such period of 30 days; or
(iv)
in the case of Glencore (Schweiz) AG, if such payment becomes subject to Swiss Federal 
Withholding Tax because such payment has to be regarded as a deemed dividend distribution.
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, any amounts to be paid by the Issuer or any 
Guarantor on the Notes will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), 
any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant 
to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant 
to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections 
of the Code (or any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement) (a “FATCA Withholding 
Tax”), and neither the Issuer nor any Guarantor will be required to pay additional amounts on account 
of any FATCA Withholding Tax.
(b)
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer or any of the Guarantors becomes subject at any time to any taxing 
jurisdiction other than, as the case may be, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Jersey or Ireland, 
references in these Conditions to the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Jersey or Ireland shall be construed 
as references to, as the case may be, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Jersey, Ireland and/or such other 
jurisdiction.
13
Events of Default
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing, the Trustee at its discretion 
may and, if so requested in writing by holders of at least one quarter in principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, shall (subject to, in the case of the 
happening of any of the events mentioned in paragraphs (b), (d) or (i) below and, in relation to a Material 
Subsidiary only, paragraphs (c), (e), (f) or (g) the Trustee having certified in writing that the happening of such 
events is in its opinion materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders and, in all cases to the Trustee 
having been indemnified or provided with security to its satisfaction) give written notice to the Issuer (with a 
copy to each of the Guarantors) declaring the Notes to be immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall 
become immediately due and payable at their principal amount together with accrued interest without further 
action or formality:

--- Page 83 ---
83
(a)
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of principal or interest in respect of the Notes on the 
due date for payment thereof and such default continues for a period of 14 days from the due date for 
payment thereof; or
(b)
Breach of other obligations: the Issuer or any Guarantor defaults in the performance or observance of 
any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Trust Deed, the Deed of Guarantee or 
the Guarantee Agreement, as the case may be, and such default (i) is, in the opinion of the Trustee, 
incapable of remedy or (ii) being a default which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, capable of remedy 
remains unremedied for 60 days or such longer period as the Trustee may in its absolute discretion agree 
after the Trustee has given written notice thereof to the Issuer and each Guarantor; or
(c)
Cross-default of Issuer, Guarantors or Material Subsidiary:
(i)
any Financial Indebtedness (other than Limited Recourse Indebtedness) of the Issuer, any 
Guarantor or any other Material Subsidiary is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within 
any originally applicable grace period;
(ii)
any such Financial Indebtedness becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity otherwise 
than at the option of the Issuer, any Guarantor or (as the case may be) the relevant Material 
Subsidiary or (provided that no event of default, howsoever described, has occurred) any Person 
entitled to such Financial Indebtedness; or
(iii)
the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due within any applicable 
grace periods any amount payable by it under any Guarantee of any such Financial Indebtedness;
provided that the amount of Financial Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or 
sub-paragraph (ii) above and/or the amount payable under any Guarantee referred to in sub-paragraph 
(iii) above individually or in the aggregate exceeds U.S.$100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies); or
(d)
Unsatisfied judgment: (other than in respect of Limited Recourse Indebtedness) one or more 
judgment(s) or order(s) for the payment of an aggregate amount in excess of U.S.$100,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency or currencies) is rendered against the Issuer, any Guarantor or any 
Material Subsidiary and continue(s) unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 90 days after the date(s) 
thereof or, if later, the date therein specified for payment; or
(e)
Security enforced, appointment of receiver, etc.: (other than in respect of Limited Recourse 
Indebtedness) a secured party takes possession of, or a receiver, examiner, manager, trustee, 
administrator, custodian, conservator or other similar officer is appointed in respect of, the whole or a 
substantial part of the undertaking, assets and revenues of the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary provided that the amount or value of such undertaking, assets and revenues exceeds 
U.S.$100,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or
(f)
Insolvency, etc.: (i) the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent or is unable 
to pay its debts as they fall due and/or proceedings are initiated against the Issuer, any Guarantor or any 
Material Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, bankruptcy, composition, 
reorganisation, moratorium, or other similar laws, (ii) the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary takes any action for a readjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or declares a 
moratorium in respect of any of its Financial Indebtedness or any Guarantee of any Financial 
Indebtedness given by it or (iii) the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business (otherwise than, in the case of the Issuer or the 
Guarantors, for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst

--- Page 84 ---
84
solvent and, in the case of any other member of the Group, (A) for the purpose of or pursuant to any 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring or (B) if the Financial Indebtedness of such other member 
of the Group is comprised solely of Limited Recourse Indebtedness); or
(g)
Winding up, etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, liquidation or 
dissolution of the Issuer, any Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary (otherwise than, in the case of a 
Material Subsidiary, (A) for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring whilst solvent or (B) if the Financial Indebtedness of such Material Subsidiary is comprised 
solely of Limited Recourse Indebtedness); or
(h)
Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of Switzerland, Jersey or Ireland has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (g) above; or
(i)
Unlawfulness: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer or any Guarantor to perform or comply with 
any of its obligations under or in respect of the Notes, the Trust Deed, or the Guarantees of the Notes; 
or
(j)
Guarantees not in force: the Deed of Guarantee or the Guarantee Agreement is not (or is claimed by 
any Guarantor not to be) in full force and effect.
14
Prescription
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within 10 years of 
the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented 
for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15
Replacement of Notes and Coupons
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified Office 
of the Principal Paying Agent (and, if the Notes are then listed on any stock exchange which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place 
required by such stock exchange), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to 
evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer and/or the Guarantors may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
16
Trustee and Agents
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility, 
including provisions relieving it from taking proceedings to enforce payment unless indemnified to its 
satisfaction, and to be paid its costs and expenses in priority to the claims of Noteholders. The Trustee is entitled 
to enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or the Guarantors and any entity related to the Issuer 
and/or the Guarantors without accounting for any profit.
In the exercise of its powers and discretions under these Conditions and the Trust Deed, the Trustee will have 
regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class and will not be responsible for any consequence for 
individual holders of Notes, Coupons or Talons as a result of such holders being connected in any way with a 
particular territory or taxing jurisdiction.
In acting under the Paying Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer, each Guarantor or, following the occurrence of an event of default, 
the Trustee and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders.

--- Page 85 ---
85
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and each Guarantor reserve the right (with the prior 
written approval of the Trustee) at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent and to appoint a successor principal paying agent or calculation agent and additional paying 
agents; provided, however, that:
(a)
the Issuer and the Guarantors shall at all times maintain a Principal Paying Agent; and
(b)
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall at all 
times, whilst any such Note remains outstanding, maintain a Calculation Agent; and
(c)
if and for so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange which requires the appointment of a 
Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantors shall maintain a Paying Agent having 
its Specified Office in the place required by the rules of such stock exchange.
Notice of any changes in any of the Paying Agents and Calculation Agents or in their Specified Offices shall 
promptly be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). If any additional 
Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified 
in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.
17
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders 
to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions 
or the provisions of the Trust Deed. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and the Guarantors (acting 
together) or the Trustee and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing of Noteholders 
holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum 
at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons holding or 
representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any 
adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal 
amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether 
present or not.
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of three-quarters of the Noteholders who for 
the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.
(b)
Modification and Waiver: The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, to (i) any modification of any provision of these Conditions or the Trust Deed which is 
of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of the law and (ii) any other modification (except as mentioned in the Trust Deed) and any 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any provision of these Conditions or the 
Trust Deed which is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Noteholders. In addition, the parties to the Paying Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision 
thereof, save the Trustee shall only agree without the consent of the Noteholders to such modification 
if, in the opinion of the Trustee, such modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the

--- Page 86 ---
86
Noteholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on the Noteholders and 
Couponholders.
Additionally, the Issuer may in accordance with Condition 7(d), vary or amend these Conditions, the 
Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to certain amendments without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders, as described in Condition 7(d) and the Trustee shall agree to 
such variations or amendments subject to the terms of Condition 7(d).
18
Enforcement
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, institute such proceedings as it thinks fit to 
enforce its rights under the Trust Deed in respect of the Notes, but it shall not be bound to do unless:
(a)
it has been so requested in writing by the holders of at least one quarter in principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes or has been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution; and
(b)
it has been indemnified or provided with security to its satisfaction.
No Noteholder may proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to do so, fails 
to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing.
19
Further Issues
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create and 
issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single Series with the Notes.
20
Notices
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper published 
in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes are listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market, 
a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) 
or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.bourse.lu). If such publication is 
not practicable, publication will be made in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or 
if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been 
made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders.
21
Currency Indemnity
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or made 
in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the “first currency”) in which the same is payable 
under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the “second currency”) for the 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any 
court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer 
shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and 
delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent, against any loss suffered as a 
result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question 
from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder

--- Page 87 ---
87
may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a 
sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof.
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a separate 
and independent cause of action.
22
Rounding
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded 
up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, 
and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards.
23
Substitution
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the Issuer and each Guarantor to the 
substitution in place of the Issuer or any of the Guarantors (or, in each case, of any previous substitute under 
this Condition) as the principal debtor under or, as the case may be, guarantor in respect of the Notes and the 
Trust Deed of any other Subsidiary of Glencore plc, subject to (a) in the case of a substitution of the Issuer (or 
any previous substitute issuer under this Condition), the Notes being guaranteed by each of the remaining 
Guarantors or, as the case may be, Guarantor (or where such substitute issuer is itself a Guarantor, the Notes 
being guaranteed by each of the other Guarantors or, as the case may be, Guarantor (or, in the case of the 
substitution of any of the Guarantors, the Notes being guaranteed by the new guarantor and the remaining 
Guarantor(s)), (b) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially 
prejudiced by the substitution, and (c) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with.
24
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)
Governing law: The Notes, the Trust Deed, the Deed of Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of, or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
English law. The Guarantee Agreement is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the 
laws of Switzerland. 
(b)
Jurisdiction: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors have agreed in the Trust Deed for the benefit of the 
Noteholders that the courts of England in London shall have jurisdiction to hear and determine any suit, 
action or proceedings, and to settle any dispute, which may arise out of, or in connection with the Notes 
(respectively, “Proceedings” and “Disputes”) and, for such purposes, irrevocably submits to the 
jurisdiction of such courts.
(c)
Appropriate forum: Each of the Issuer and the Guarantors has in the Trust Deed waived any objection 
which it might now or hereafter have to the courts of England in London being nominated as the forum 
to hear and determine any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and agreed not to claim that any such 
court is not a convenient or appropriate forum.
(d)
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the process by which any Proceedings in England are begun may 
be served on it by being delivered to Glencore UK Ltd. at 18 Hanover Square, London, England, W1S 
1JY or, if different, its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in Great Britain 
at which process may be served on it in accordance with the Companies Act 2006. If such person is not

--- Page 88 ---
88
or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on the Issuer’s behalf, the Issuer shall, 
on the written demand of any Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent and Trustee, appoint a further Person in England to accept 
service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be 
entitled to appoint such a Person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or 
to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying Agent and Trustee. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect 
the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
(e)
Non-exclusivity: The submission to the jurisdiction of the courts of England in London shall not (and 
shall not be construed so as to) limit the right of any Noteholder to take Proceedings in any other court 
of competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude 
the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not) if and to the extent 
permitted by law. Any legal action or proceeding in respect of the Guarantee Agreement may also be 
brought before the courts of the city of Zug, Switzerland.
(f)
Third Parties: No person shall have any right to enforce any term or Condition of this Note or the Trust 
Deed under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 89 ---
89
FORM OF FINAL TERMS
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution 
Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
[An investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the deposit 
protection scheme operated by the Central Bank of Ireland. The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the 
Central Bank of Ireland as a result of issuing the Notes.]1
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution 
of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
(“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
1
Include where the Issuer is Glencore Capital Finance DAC.

--- Page 90 ---
90
professional clients are appropriate. Any [person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”)][distributor] should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of 
the SFA), that the Notes [are] / [are not] prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and [Excluded] / [Specified] Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment 
Products.]2
Final Terms dated [●]
[GLENCORE FINANCE (EUROPE) LIMITED
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 213800WHKNIC1JQQG433]3
[GLENCORE CAPITAL FINANCE DAC
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 213800HCUCI1HC7X6Q34]4
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
Guaranteed by
GLENCORE PLC
and
GLENCORE INTERNATIONAL AG
and
GLENCORE (SCHWEIZ) AG
under the U.S.$20,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A
Contractual Terms
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 30 August 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] 
which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such 
2
[For any Notes to be offered to Singapore investors, the Issuer to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Notes pursuant to Section 309B 
of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.] 
3
Delete as applicable, depending on Issuer. 
4
Delete as applicable, depending on Issuer.

--- Page 91 ---
91
Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).]
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.)
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated [8 August 2006/8 November 2011/7 May 2013/15 May 2014/12 May 
2015[, as amended by the prospectus supplement dated 26 April 2016]/12 May 2016/22 June 2018/14 June 
2019/24 August 2020/2 July 2021]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in 
conjunction with the base prospectus dated 30 August 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement(s) to it dated 
[●]], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
(the “Base Prospectus”) in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of the Conditions which 
are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus and the Conditions are available for 
viewing on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).]
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.)
1
[(i)] Series Number:
[●]
[(ii) Tranche Number:
[●]]
[(iii) Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series:
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form a single 
series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with the 
[identify earlier Tranche(s) by (as applicable) currency, issue 
size, coupon, maturity date and issue date] on [insert date/the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for interests 
in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 20 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [●]]].]]
2
Specified Currency or 
Currencies:
[●]
3
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes admitted to trading:
[●]
[(i)] Series:
[●]
[(ii) Tranche:
[●]]
4
Issue Price:
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [●]]
5
(i)
Specified Denominations:
[●]
(N.B. Where multiple denominations above €100,000 (or 
equivalent) are being used, the following sample wording should 
be followed: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess thereof 
up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in definitive form will 
be issued with a denomination above [€199,000].”)
(ii)
Calculation Amount:
[●]

--- Page 92 ---
92
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, insert 
the highest common factor. N.B. There must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified Denominations)
6
(i)
Issue Date:
[●]
(ii)
Interest Commencement 
Date:
[[●]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7
Maturity Date:
[[●]/Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [●]]
8
Interest Basis:
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] [[●] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] +/- 
[●] per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
(further particulars specified in [13/14/15] below)
9
Redemption Basis:
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed at [●] per cent. of their Aggregate 
Nominal Amount] 
10
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change occurs 
or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and identify there/Not 
Applicable]
11
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call]
[Issuer Residual Call]
[(further particulars specified in [16/17] below)]
[Not Applicable]
12
Date Board approval for issuance 
of Notes and Guarantees 
obtained:
[[●] and [●] respectively/Not Applicable]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Rate[(s)] of Interest:
[●] per cent. per annum [payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date] [adjusted in accordance with the Interest Ratchet] 
(ii)
Step Up Event/Step Down 
Event:
[Yes/No] 
(iii) Step Up Margin:
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(iv) Interest Payment Date(s):
[●] and [●] in each year, commencing on [●] [adjusted in 
accordance with [●]/not adjusted] 
(v)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(vi) Broken Amount(s):
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable] 
(vii) Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/365/Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]

--- Page 93 ---
93
[Actual/360]
[30/360]
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis]
14
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Interest Period(s)
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment, 
as the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]
(ii)
Specified Interest Payment 
Dates:
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (iv) below/, not subject to any adjustment[, 
as the Business Day Convention in (iv) below is specified to be 
Not Applicable]
(iii) First Interest Payment Date:
[●]
(iv) Business Day Convention:
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Business Day Convention]
[Preceding Business Day Convention]
[FRN 
Convention/Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention]
[Not Applicable]
(v)
Additional Business 
Centre(s):
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be 
determined:
[Screen Rate
Determination/ISDA
Determination]
(vii) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent):
[[●] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
(viii)Screen Rate Determination:

Reference Rate:
[●] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[●]

Relevant Screen Page:
[●]

Relevant Time:
[●]

Relevant Financial Centre:
[●]
(ix) ISDA Determination:

--- Page 94 ---
94

Floating Rate Option:
[●]

Designated Maturity:
[●]

Reset Date:
[●]
(x)
Linear Interpolation:
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)]
(xi) Margin(s):
[+/-][●]per cent. per annum 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest:
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(xiii)Maximum Rate of Interest:
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/365/Actual/Actual/Actual/Actual (ISDA)]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360]
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)]
as per the [2000/2006] ISDA Definitions (Note that this item 
relates to the definition of “Day Count Fraction” in the 
Conditions and that a distinction is made therein between the 
2000 and 2006 ISDA Definitions)
(xv) Step Up Event/Step Down 
Event:
[Yes/No] 
(xvi) Step Up Margin:
[[●] per cent. per annum/Not Applicable] 
15
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
[Amortisation/Accrual] 
Yield:
[●] per cent. per annum
(ii)
Reference Price:
[●]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
16
Call Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption 
Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note:
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Make-whole Amount]
(If Make-whole Amount is selected, complete items (A) to (D) 
below. If not applicable, delete items (A) to (D))
(A)
Reference Bond:
[Insert applicable Reference Bond/Not Applicable]
(B)
Quotation Time:
[[●]/Not Applicable]]

--- Page 95 ---
95
(C)
Redemption Margin:
[[●]/Not Applicable]]
(D)
Determination Date:
[[●]/Not Applicable]]
(iii) If redeemable in part:
(a)
Minimum 
Redemption Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]
(b)
Maximum 
Redemption Amount:
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]
17
Issuer Residual Call
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Residual Call Redemption 
Dates:
[Any day from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date][For Floating Rate Notes – On any Interest 
Payment Date][Specify other]
(ii)
Residual 
Call 
Early 
Redemption Amount:
[●] per Calculation Amount
(iii) [Notice periods:
Minimum period: [●] days
Maximum period: [●] days]
18
Put Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs of this 
paragraph)
(i)
Optional Redemption 
Date(s):
[●]
(ii)
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note):
[●] per Calculation Amount
19
Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note
Par
20
Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax)
[●]/[Par] per Calculation Amount
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
21
Form of Notes:
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent Global 
Note which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes]5
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note]
22
New Global Note Form:
[Yes/No/Applicable/Not Applicable] 
23
Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/[●]] Note that this item relates to the date and 
place of payment, and not interest period end dates, to which 
item 14(iv) relates. 
5
In relation to any issue of Notes which are expressed to be Temporary Global Notes exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with 
this option, such Notes may only be issued in denominations equal to, or greater than, EUR100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples 
thereof.

--- Page 96 ---
96
24
Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes (and 
dates on which such Talons 
mature):
[Yes/No] 
25
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA C/TEFRA D/TEFRA 
not applicable]
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:
By:  ……………………………………………….
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of Glencore plc:
By:  ……………………………………………….
Duly authorised
By:  ……………………………………………….
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of Glencore International AG:
By:  ……………………………………………….
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of Glencore (Schweiz) AG:
By:  ……………………………………………….
Duly authorised

--- Page 97 ---
97
PART B
Other Information
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Admission to trading and 
listing:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from [●].] [Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange with effect from [●].] [Not 
Applicable.]
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading:
[●]
2
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued will not be rated.]
[[The Notes to be issued [have been]/[are expected to be]] 
rated/The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of 
this type issued under the Programme generally:]
[S&P: [●]]*
[Moody’s: [●]]*
[Fitch: [●]]*
*Include legal name of rating agency
[Insert a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider.]
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] is established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”).]
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”), although as at the date of these Final 
Terms notification of the corresponding registration decision has 
not yet been provided by the relevant competent authority.]
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).]
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as

--- Page 98 ---
98
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) but is endorsed by [insert 
credit rating agency legal name] which is established in the 
European Union [and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation/and has applied for registration under the EU CRA 
Regulation, although as at the date of these Final Terms 
notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the relevant competent authority.]
[[Insert credit rating agency legal name] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”), but it is certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.]
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement)
[“Save for any fees payable to [●] (the “[Managers/relevant Dealer]”), so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/relevant 
Dealer] and [their/its] affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and the 
Guarantors and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business.”] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation)
4
[YIELD
Indication of yield:
[●]/[Not Applicable]]
5
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Issuer and each of the Guarantors confirm that such information 
has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
6
Use of proceeds:
[●]
[See “Use of Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus/Give details]
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in the Base Prospectus – if 
reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details here.)
Estimated net proceeds:
[●]
7
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN Code:
[●]
Common Code:
[●]

--- Page 99 ---
99
New Global Note intended to be 
held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Not Applicable/Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation “Yes” means that the Notes are 
intended upon issue to be deposited with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] [Include this 
text if “Yes” selected, in which case the Notes must be issued in 
NGN form]
[Whilst the designation is specified as “No” at the date of these 
Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the European Central 
Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and 
the relevant identification 
number(s):
[Not Applicable/[●]]
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
Names and addresses of initial 
Paying Agent(s)
[●]
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any):
[Not Applicable/[●]]

--- Page 100 ---
100
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM
Clearing System Accountholders
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a 
Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer 
of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common 
depositary, in the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of a NGN for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common 
depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper.
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must look 
solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case 
may be) for such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuers or the Guarantors to the bearer 
of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and 
the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined 
by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant 
clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuers or the Guarantors in respect of payments due 
under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuers and the Guarantors will be discharged by payment to the 
bearer of the Global Note.
So long as the Notes are represented by a temporary Global Note or permanent Global Note and the relevant 
clearing system(s) so permit, the Notes shall be tradable only in principal amounts of at least the Specified 
Denomination (or if more than one Specified Denomination, the lowest Specified Denomination) and integral 
multiples in excess thereof specified in the relevant Final Terms.
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure:
(a)
in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global 
Note, duly authenticated and, in the case of a NGN, effectuated, to the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note; or
(b)
in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with its terms,
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified in the 
certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
received by the Principal Paying Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent within seven days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to order of the Principal Paying Agent, following the expiry of a

--- Page 101 ---
101
period of 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes and upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership.
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the relevant Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons 
and Talons attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender 
of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent.
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form at 
the request of the bearer of such Permanent Global Note against presentation and surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note to the Principal Paying Agent if either of the following events occurs: (a) Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days 
(other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or (b) any of 
the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) occurs.
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be issued in 
Specified Denomination(s) only. Noteholders who hold Notes in the relevant clearing system in amounts that 
are not integral multiples of a Specified Denomination may need to purchase or sell, on or before the relevant 
Exchange Date, a principal amount of Notes such that their holding is an integral multiple of a Specified 
Denomination. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination 
will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations.
Conditions applicable to Global Notes
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes as they apply 
to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions:
Payments
All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of payment of 
principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of any Paying 
Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the relevant Issuer in respect 
of the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global 
Note, the relevant Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto, 
which endorsements will be prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes, and 
in respect of a NGN the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
For the purpose of any payments made in respect of a Global Note, the relevant place of presentation shall be 
disregarded in the definition of “Payment Business Day” set out in Condition 2 (Interpretation).
Exercise of put option
In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the 
relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Principal Paying Agent specifying the 
principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be 
irrevocable and may not be withdrawn.

--- Page 102 ---
102
Partial exercise of call option
In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the 
principal amount specified by the relevant Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be 
redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other clearing system (as the case may be) as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal 
amount, at their discretion).
Notices
Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or 
by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the 
Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a 
common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery 
to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, except that, for so 
long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is a requirement of 
applicable law or regulations, such notices shall be published in a leading newspaper having general circulation 
in Luxembourg (which is expected to be Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (http://www.luxse.com).
Electronic Consent and Written Resolution
While any Global Note is held on behalf of a clearing system, then: 
(a)
approval of a resolution proposed by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantors or the Trustee (as the case may 
be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems 
of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf 
of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding (an “Electronic 
Consent” as defined in the Trust Deed) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise 
require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed at a meeting for which a special quorum was satisfied), 
take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, 
and shall be binding on all Noteholders and holders of Coupons, Talons and Receipts whether or not 
they participated in such Electronic Consent; and 
(b)
where Electronic Consent is not being sought, for the purpose of determining whether a Written 
Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) has been validly passed, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantors 
and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantors and/or the Trustee, as the case may be, by (a) accountholders in the clearing 
system with entitlements to such Global Note and/or, where (b) the accountholders hold any such 
entitlement on behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person 
identified by that accountholder as the person for whom such entitlement is held. For the purpose of 
establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the relevant Issuer, the Guarantors 
and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the case of (a) 
above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing system (the 
“relevant clearing system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and the 
accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution 
passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders and Couponholders, even if the relevant 
consent or instruction proves to be defective. Any such certificate or other document shall, in the absence

--- Page 103 ---
103
of manifest error, be conclusive and binding for all purposes. Any such certificate or other document 
may comprise any form of statement or print out of electronic records provided by the relevant clearing 
system (including Euroclear’s EUCLID or Clearstream, Luxembourg’s CreationOnline system) in 
accordance with its usual procedures and in which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal 
amount of the Notes is clearly identified together with the amount of such holding. None of the Issuers, 
the Guarantors or the Trustee shall be liable to any person by reason of having accepted as valid or not 
having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect purporting to be issued by any such 
person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic.

--- Page 104 ---
104
DESCRIPTION OF GLENCORE FINANCE (EUROPE) LIMITED
General
Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited is incorporated in Jersey as a public limited liability company, with 
registered number 124626 and having its registered office at 26 New Street, St Helier, Jersey JE2 3RA and its 
telephone number is +44 20 7629 3800. It is resident in the United Kingdom for tax purposes. 
Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited was previously known as Glencore Finance (Europe) S.A. Glencore 
Finance (Europe) S.A. was incorporated for an unlimited duration in Luxembourg as a public limited liability 
company (société anonyme) and registered in Luxembourg on 17 April 2003. On 1 September 2017, Glencore 
Finance (Europe) S.A. ceased to be a company constituted under the laws of Luxembourg and continued as a 
company incorporated under the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended, under the name Glencore Finance 
(Europe) Limited. 
Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited is wholly owned by Glencore Group Corporation (100 per cent.) as at 31 
December 2021, which is ultimately controlled by the Company. 
The authorised and issued share capital of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited as at 31 December 2021 is 
€33,000 divided into 33 ordinary shares with a par value of €1,000 each and £1.00 divided into 1 ordinary share 
with a par value of £1.00. The authorised and issued shares are fully paid up. 34 shares are owned by Glencore 
Group Corporation, being a company existing under the laws of the British Virgin Islands, with registered 
offices at 1, Wickhams Cay, Jayla Place, Road Town, Tortola, VG1110, British Virgin Islands.
Business
Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited’s principal business is to raise funding in capital markets and to lend the 
proceeds on to or invest in other entities in the Group, the description and activities of which are set out under 
“Description of the Company and the Group”.
Directors
The following table sets out the Directors of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus:
Name
Position
Other Principal Activities
Ian James Wall
Director
None
Warren Michael Blount
Director
None
Ann Victoria Nash
Director
None
Timothy John Scott
Director
None
The company secretary of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited is Ocorian Secretaries (Jersey) Limited. 
The business address of each of the directors is 18 Hanover Square, London, England, W1S 1JY, United 
Kingdom.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the Directors of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited has any 
conflict of interest between their duties to Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited and their private interests and/or 
other duties.

--- Page 105 ---
105
DESCRIPTION OF GLENCORE CAPITAL FINANCE DAC
General
Glencore Capital Finance DAC was incorporated in Ireland under the Companies Act 2014 as a designated 
activity company on 22 July 2020, with registered number 674417. Its registered office is located at Unit 3100, 
Lake Drive, Citywest Business Campus, Dublin 24, Dublin, D24 AK82, Ireland and its telephone number is 
+44 20 7629 3800. It is resident in the United Kingdom for tax purposes. 
Glencore Capital Finance DAC is wholly owned by Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited (100 per cent.), which 
is ultimately controlled by the Company.
The authorised share capital of Glencore Capital Finance DAC is €100,000,000.00 divided into 100,000,000 
ordinary shares with a par value of €1 each and its issued share capital is €1 divided into 1 ordinary share with 
a par value of €1. The issued share is fully paid up. The issued share is owned by Glencore Finance (Europe) 
Limited, being a company existing under the laws of Jersey, with registered offices at 26 New Street, St Helier, 
Jersey, JE2 3RA.
Business
Glencore Capital Finance DAC’s principal business is to act as one of the financing vehicles of the Group, the 
description and activities of which are set out under “Description of the Company and the Group”.
Directors
The following table sets out the Directors of Glencore Capital Finance DAC as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus:
Name
Position
Other Principal Activities
Ian James Wall
Director
None
Timothy John Scott
Director
None
Ann Victoria Nash
Director
None
Warren Michael Blount
Director
None
Carlos Navalpotro
Director
None
The company secretary of Glencore Capital Finance DAC is Nicholas James Reid.
The business address of each of the directors is 18 Hanover Square, London, England, W1S 1JY, United 
Kingdom.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the Directors of Glencore Capital Finance DAC has any 
conflict of interest between their duties to Glencore Capital Finance DAC and their private interests and/or 
other duties.

--- Page 106 ---
106
DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY AND THE GROUP
General
The Company was incorporated in Jersey under the Jersey Companies Law on 14 March 2011 as a public 
company limited by shares with the name Glencore International Limited. The Company changed its name to 
Glencore International plc on 12 April 2011 and, following the Acquisition which completed on 2 May 2013, 
Glencore International plc was renamed “Glencore Xstrata plc” and, following its annual general meeting held 
on 20 May 2014, Glencore Xstrata plc was renamed “Glencore plc”. The Company’s registration number is 
107710. The registered office of the Company is at 13 Castle Street, St Helier, Jersey JE1 1ES and its 
headquarters are located at Baarermattstrasse 3, CH 6340 Baar, Switzerland. The Company’s telephone number 
is: +41 41 709 2000. The Company is registered in Jersey and its country of jurisdiction is Jersey. The Company 
is resident in Switzerland for tax purposes.
The Company’s principal business is to act as the ultimate holding company of the Group.
Overview
The Group is a leading integrated producer and marketer of commodities, with worldwide activities in the 
marketing of metals and minerals, energy products and agricultural products and the production, refinement, 
processing, storage and transport of those products. The Group operates globally, marketing and distributing 
physical commodities sourced from third-party producers and its own production to industrial consumers, such 
as those in the automotive, steel, power generation, battery manufacturing and oil industries. The Group also 
provides financing, logistics and other services to producers and consumers of commodities.
The Group benefits from its scale and diversity. The Group’s portfolio of diversified industrial assets comprises 
66 mining, metallurgical and oil production assets. The Group’s growth prospects are underpinned by a 
significant industrial base, which, in turn, enhances marketing opportunities. The Group produces and markets 
a diverse range of metals and minerals, including copper, cobalt, zinc, nickel and ferroalloys, and also markets 
aluminium/alumina and iron ore from third parties. With regard to energy products, the Group is a large 
producer and marketer of coal, with mines in Australia, South Africa and Colombia, while its oil business is 
one of the leading marketers of crude oil, refined products and natural gas.
Over a period of many years, the Group has built a strong market reputation as a reliable supplier of quality 
products on a timely basis. In doing so, the Group has extensive market knowledge and insight, as well as the 
full logistics capabilities required to generate value-added margins and seek arbitrage potential throughout the 
physical commodity supply chain. The Group’s presence at each stage of the commodity chain provides it with 
superior market insight and access to opportunities. The Group is able to capture value at each stage of the 
commodity chain, including extraction, processing, freight, logistics, technology, storage, marketing, risk 
management and financing.
Historically, the Group has grown both organically and through acquisitions. The Group continues to evaluate 
opportunities on an ongoing basis in relation to its business, including, among others, mergers, acquisitions, 
disposals, joint ventures and off-take arrangements. For instance, on 3 April 2023, the Company announced 
that it had submitted the Merger Demerger Proposal to the board of directors of Teck on 26 March 2023 to 
merge with Teck and to simultaneously demerge their combined coal businesses, and on 12 June 2023 the 
Company announced that it had submitted an alternative proposal to acquire Teck’s steelmaking coal business. 
For further details of the Merger Demerger Proposal and the Teck response, see “Description of the Company 
and the Group—Recent Developments— Proposal for a merger between Glencore plc and Teck Resources 
Limited and simultaneous demerger of the combined coal business, and alternative proposal to acquire Teck’s 
steelmaking coal business”.

--- Page 107 ---
107
The Group’s consolidated revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 2022 was U.S.$107,415 million 
and U.S.$134,435 million, respectively. Its income for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and 2022 was 
U.S.$4,268 million and U.S.12,095 million, respectively. The Group’s total assets were U.S.$121,754 million 
U.S.$132,583 million as at 30 June 2023 and 31 December 2022, respectively. 
The Group’s consolidated revenue for the years ended 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020 was U.S.$255,984 
million, U.S.$203,751 million and U.S.$142,338 million, respectively. Its income for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 2021 was U.S.$16,511 million and U.S.$4,349 million, respectively. Its loss for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 was U.S.$3,946 million. The Group’s total assets were U.S.$132,583 million, 
U.S.$127,510 million and U.S.$118,000 million as at 31 December 2022, 2021 and 2020.
The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on the London Stock Exchange and the Johannesburg Stock 
Exchange. The Company is a member of the FTSE 100.
The Group’s industrial and marketing investment activities are supported by a global network of offices located 
in over 35 countries throughout Europe, North, Central and South America, Asia, Australia, Africa and the 
Middle East. The Group’s main offices include Baar (Switzerland), New York, London, Beijing, Moscow, 
Toronto, Johannesburg, Sydney and Singapore. This network provides the Group with significant worldwide 
investment origination and sourcing and distribution capabilities.
The Group’s two business segments, industrial activities (reporting to the Head of Industrial Assets) and 
marketing activities (reporting to the Head of Marketing, being the Group’s CEO), focus on the following 
activities, for both metals and minerals and energy products:

The industrial activities business segment focuses on controlled and non-controlled industrial assets, 
overall business diversification and investment opportunities, as well as providing a source of physical 
commodities for the Group’s marketing activities business segment. 

The marketing activities business segment focuses on sourcing a diversified range of physical 
commodities from third-party suppliers and from industrial assets in which the Group has full or part 
ownership interests. These commodities are sold, often with value-added services such as freight, 
insurance, financing and/or storage, to a broad range of consumers and industrial commodity end-users, 
many of whom are long-term customers. 
Each of the industrial activities and marketing activities business segments covers the Group’s main commodity 
divisions: metals and minerals and energy products. The metals and minerals division produces and markets a 
diverse range of metals and minerals, including copper, cobalt, zinc, nickel and ferroalloys, and also markets 
aluminium/alumina and iron ore from third parties. The Group’s activities are underpinned by ownership 
interests in controlled and non-controlled industrial assets such as mining, smelting, refining and warehousing 
operations. The Group’s energy products are primarily coal and oil, and the Group has extensive ownership 
interests in controlled and non-controlled coal mining and oil production operations as well as investments in 
strategic handling, storage and freight equipment and facilities. The Group’s activities related to agricultural 
products are operated through Viterra, a joint venture in which the Group had a 49.9 per cent. ownership interest 
(as at 30 June 2023) and have been reported through the marketing activities business segment within “corporate 
and other” activities. In June 2023, the Company agreed to dispose of its interest in Viterra in a cash-and-shares 
transaction with Bunge, with the transaction expected to close in mid-2024. See “Description of the Company 
and the Group – Recent Developments – Viterra merger with Bunge.”

--- Page 108 ---
108
History
Glencore’s business commenced in 1974 (previously known as Marc Rich + Co AG) and initially focused on 
the physical marketing of ferrous and non-ferrous metals and minerals and crude oil, and shortly thereafter 
expanded into oil products, later adding coal.
Glencore developed from a purely commodity marketing company into a diversified natural resources group 
through key acquisitions in mining, smelting, refining and processing. Glencore made its first equity investment 
in an industrial asset in 1987, when it acquired 27 per cent. of the Mt. Holly aluminium smelter in the United 
States and acquired its first controlling interest in an industrial asset in 1988, when it acquired a 66.7 per cent. 
interest in a zinc/lead mine in Peru. In 1994, the founder of Glencore sold his stake by way of a management 
buyout. The Company’s shares were listed on the Official List of the FCA, admitted to trading on the London 
Stock Exchange’s market for listed securities and admitted to listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in May 
2011. On 2 May 2013, Glencore completed the acquisition of Xstrata.
The Company’s shares were admitted to trading on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange in November 2013. Due 
to low trading volumes, the Company chose to delist its shares from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in January 
2018.
Competitive Strengths
The Group believes that its success has been built upon a unique combination of competitive strengths that have 
enabled it to grow into one of the world’s largest diversified and vertically integrated producers, processors and 
marketers of natural resources. The Group’s key competitive strengths include:
A major supplier of energy and transition metals and solutions that support the pathway to net zero 
industrial emissions
Commodity differentiation is increasingly important and the Group’s commodity mix is becoming less 
dependent on demand generated by infrastructure related investment in developing markets. The Group’s 
business model covers the production, recycling, sourcing, marketing and distribution of the commodities 
needed by its suppliers and customers to decarbonise, while simultaneously reducing the Group’s own 
emissions. The Group is committed to responsible stewardship of declining coal business that is consistent with 
its values and its climate strategy. In particular, the Group targets a 15 per cent. reduction of its industrial Scope 
1, 2 and 3 emissions by the end of 2026 and a 50 per cent. reduction by the end of 2035, each compared to a 
restated 2019 baseline. The Group’s ambition is to achieve net zero industrial Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 
the end of 2050, assuming a supportive policy environment.
Portfolio containing large, long-life and low-carbon advantaged commodities
The Group is focusing its portfolio on larger higher-margin, longer-life assets important to the transition to low 
or no carbon energy sources, such as the Collahuasi joint venture, a large-scale copper concentrate producer, 
Kazakhstan polymetallic investments and a Canadian nickel life extension project. The Group is a leading 
producer of key transition metals, including copper, cobalt, nickel, zinc and vanadium. In addition to low-
carbon advantaged commodities, the Group’s geographies and recycling capability supply its marketing 
business with the products that its customers increasingly need. In line with the Group’s decarbonisation 
commitments, the Group’s coal portfolio will supply critical regional energy needs as the transition evolves 
along a non-linear path over time and geography.
Capability to supply the sustainable commodities of the future
As markets and demand for carbon solutions in the commodity supply chain evolve and mature, the Group’s 
marketing business is expected to create additional value over time. Being a vertically integrated industrial and

--- Page 109 ---
109
marketing business, the Group intends to leverage its own carbon reduction efforts and market expertise to 
support the increasing needs for attestable low-carbon products. Being fully integrated provides a competitive 
advantage over most of its marketing peers which are substantially less vertically integrated (both upstream and 
downstream) and are less able to establish the strong supply relationships that the Group enjoys. The Group’s 
presence at each stage of the commodity chain also provides it with market insight and access to opportunities 
as well as with other advantages such as information, technical expertise and local presence. 
Highly resilient and cash generative business model
The Group’s capital allocation framework seeks to balance preservation of capital structure with attractive 
business reinvestment and growth opportunities and shareholder returns. The Group seeks to create value for 
shareholders through partnerships, M&A and brownfield investment. With the expectation that growth drivers 
in the global economy will become weighted towards decarbonisation spending, in addition to the metals needed 
for everyday life, the majority of the Group’s commodity portfolio is well placed to benefit from this transition. 
The Group will continue to identify investment opportunities in which value can be created through the 
application of its market knowledge and operational and technical know-how. Similarly, the Group evaluates 
disposals of certain investments from time to time, particularly when they are no longer deemed to support core 
business and/or when attractive selling opportunities arise. The Group believes it is well positioned to generate 
sustainable and growing returns in the transition to a low-carbon economy.
Strategy
The Group’s purpose is to responsibly source the commodities that advance everyday life. Its strategic objective 
is to sustainably grow total shareholder return while maintaining a strong investment grade rating and acting as 
a responsible operator. The Group’s key strategic priorities include:
Responsible and ethical production and supply
The Group believes that by maintaining its commitment to operating transparently and responsibly and its 
reputation for doing so, it will be seen by its stakeholders as a partner of choice. It places the highest priority 
on its employees, the environment and local communities where it operates. The Group takes a broad approach 
to employee welfare and takes its health and safety record very seriously, with substantial resources and focus 
committed to this area. The Group has implemented an enhanced fatality reduction programme, including 
focused reviews of underperforming sites, safety interventions where necessary, restructuring of support 
functions and enhanced review processes. The Group has overhauled the “SafeWork” programme, its initiative 
to change attitudes towards safety across the Group, and relaunched it in 2021. 
The Group demands high environmental performance and standards from its controlled operations and, while 
executing marketing logistics activities, works with its partners and suppliers to seek to ensure similar standards 
are targeted within the supply chain, as well as expected from its non-controlled operations. As one of the 
world’s largest diversified resource companies, the Group recognises its responsibility to contribute to the 
global effort to achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement by decarbonising its emissions footprint. The Group 
takes a holistic approach by considering its commitments through the lens of its emissions. The Group is 
committed to responsibly managing the decline of its energy portfolio in line with its Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions 
reductions targets, including a 15 per cent. reduction of industrial emissions by the end of 2026 and a 50 per 
cent. reduction of industrial emissions by the end of 2035, each compared to a restated 2019 baseline. The 
Group has also introduced a long-term ambition of achieving net zero industrial emissions by the end of 2050, 
assuming a supportive policy environment.
To support the growing needs of a low carbon economy, the Group is committed to an increased focus on the 
production of commodities essential to the energy and mobility transition. The majority of the Group’s planned 
sustaining and expansionary capital expenditure relates to the metals portion of its industrial activities. The

--- Page 110 ---
110
Group works with global specialists and draws on local expertise within its operational teams to identify value 
accretive abatement opportunities to further reduce its emissions. The Group intends to responsibly steward the 
decline of its coal business as it supports society’s needs through the energy transition. 
Regarding local communities, the Group consults with and invests in the local communities where it operates. 
The Group has adopted an approach of continuous improvement, delivered through its health and safety 
programmes, advancing its environmental performance, respecting human rights and developing, maintaining 
and strengthening its relationships with all stakeholders.
Responsible portfolio management
The Group intends to continue its focus on cost control and operational efficiencies at its controlled industrial 
assets and maintain a focus on the sourcing of competitively priced physical commodities from reliable third-
party suppliers. The Group seeks to increase the value of its business by improving the competitiveness of its 
assets through an ongoing focus on cost management and logistical capabilities, including operating safely and 
efficiently. The Group takes a disciplined approach towards its assets and evaluates opportunities for 
acquisition, development or disposal where assets no longer support core businesses or where another operator 
places greater value on the asset, and production curtailment in response to oversupply. The Group intends to 
prioritise investment in transition commodities and value accretive Scope 1 and 2 abatement opportunities to 
help achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement over the medium-term; and the ambition, with a supportive policy 
environment, to be a net zero industrial emissions company by the end of 2050.
The Group intends to continue to seek to manage its financial position around maintaining its investment grade 
credit ratings, healthy levels of liquidity and a suitable capital structure, which should enable it to continue 
accessing bank and international debt capital markets on competitive terms. The Group believes that it is well 
placed to withstand the cyclical nature of the natural resource industry and maintain a flexible balance sheet. 
The Group aims to only deploy capital when strict and clearly defined financial criteria, relating to returns and 
payback, can be met. The Group is committed to maintaining a balance sheet that is capable of supporting 
growth while targeting a maximum net debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio of two times, which it believes is 
consistent with a BBB/Baa credit rating. The Group targets a maximum 2x net debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio, 
augmented by a net debt cap of U.S.$10 billion, with excess capital periodically returned to shareholders. The 
Group’s net debt at 30 June 2023 was U.S.$1.5 billion, representing a net debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio of 
0.06x. 
Responsible product use
A low-carbon future requires responsibly produced and sourced low-carbon metals. The Group intends to 
continue to seek opportunities to increase the proportion of transition metals it can supply to customers from its 
own industrial activities and its extensive marketing activities. To support this goal, the Group’s growing carbon 
and power trading team has a presence in London, Singapore, Australia and China and evaluates the Group’s 
global industrial asset footprint with a focus on jurisdictions with the highest carbon emissions. The team is 
actively trading carbon and power, enhancing liquidity and forward hedging capacity across these markets. In 
addition, the team has taken an advisory role supporting the delivery of the Group’s Marginal Abatement Cost 
Curve (“MACC”) and is also involved in the Group’s compliance with various carbon tax reporting 
requirements. 
As a vertically integrated industrial and marketing business, the Group is leveraging its own carbon reduction 
efforts and market expertise to support the increasing needs for attestable low-carbon products. Recognising 
the need for strategic partnerships between raw material and battery supply chain producers, in 2022 the Group 
signed a number of long-term supply agreements to help accelerate the circularity of critical minerals, 
particularly those related to battery recycling and production.

--- Page 111 ---
111
The Group will continue to participate in global efforts to improve abatement technologies and resource use 
efficiency by contributing to the circular economy. The Group intends to leverage its value chain to expand the 
volume of recyclable commodities for processing through its global network of metallurgical assets and to 
pursue strategic, long-term agreements to provide a reliable supply of responsibly sourced commodities 
essential to the low-carbon economy.
Recent Developments
Proposal for a merger between Glencore plc and Teck Resources Limited and simultaneous demerger of the 
combined coal business, and alternative proposal to acquire Teck’s steelmaking coal business
On 3 April 2023, following an announcement by Teck rejecting the Merger Demerger Proposal, the Company 
announced that it had submitted the Merger Demerger Proposal to the board of directors of Teck on 26 March 
2023 to merge with Teck and to simultaneously demerge their combined coal businesses, to create (i) MetalsCo, 
a transition metals focused business with a diversified portfolio comprising the Group’s and Teck’s metals and 
minerals assets, the Group’s metals and energy (excluding coal) marketing, recycling and distribution 
businesses and its investment in Viterra (in June 2023, the Company agreed to dispose of its interest in Viterra 
in a cash-and-shares transaction with Bunge as described in “– Viterra merger with Bunge” below), and (ii) 
CoalCo, a standalone coal and carbon steel materials business comprising the Group’s and Teck’s coal assets, 
the Group’s ferroalloys assets and the Group’s coal and ferroalloys marketing businesses (“Proposed Merger 
Demerger”).
Glencore believes that the Proposed Merger Demerger would create significant value for both Teck’s and the 
Company’s shareholders. The Proposed Merger Demerger would create two world-class standalone companies 
that would independently operate at scale. 
The Company proposed a combination exchange ratio of 7.78 Glencore shares per Teck B share, and 12.73 
Glencore shares per Teck A share. At these proposed exchange ratios, the Company’s and Teck’s shareholders 
would own approximately 76 per cent. and 24 per cent., respectively, of the merged entities. 
On 11 April 2023, the Company announced that it had proposed to Teck’s board of directors certain 
modifications to the terms of the Proposed Merger Demerger to introduce a cash element to effectively allow 
Teck shareholders to be bought out of their coal exposure such that Teck shareholders would receive 24 per 
cent. of MetalsCo and U.S.$8.2 billion in cash. 
Following the withdrawal by Teck on 26 April 2023 of Teck’s proposal to its shareholders to separate its 
steelmaking coal operations from its base-metals business, the Company announced that its modified Merger 
Demerger Proposal still stands, that it remains willing to engage with the board of directors and management 
of Teck to attempt to address issues they have raised, and that the Company is prepared to consider improving 
the structure, terms and value of its proposal. The Company has also announced that it remains willing to make 
an offer directly to Teck shareholders if there continues to be no engagement from the Teck board.
On 12 June 2023, the Company announced that it had submitted a proposal to Teck’s board of directors in 
which it offered to acquire Teck’s steelmaking coal business (“EVR”) for cash. While the Company remains 
willing to pursue its Proposed Merger Demerger, the Company made the alternative proposal to acquire EVR 
as it is expected to allow for a value accretive demerger of CoalCo to its shareholders. If a transaction were to 
materialise, the Company would demerge CoalCo, once the Company has sufficiently delevered, which would 
be expected approximately 12-24 months from close. 
There can be no certainty that any transaction will result from Glencore’s approach to Teck and any subsequent 
discussions. See also “Risk Factors – Other risks relating to the Group – The Group may fail to integrate

--- Page 112 ---
112
acquisitions or mergers effectively or fail to realise the anticipated business growth opportunities or other 
synergies”.
Distribution and share buyback
In February 2023, the Group announced a U.S.$0.44/share distribution and a share buyback of U.S.$1.5 billion. 
Following the shareholder approval, the first tranche of U.S.$0.22/share was paid in June 2023 and the second 
tranche of U.S.$0.22/share is expected to be paid in September 2023. The share buyback was completed in July 
2023. In August 2023, the Group announced a further cash distribution of U.S.$0.08/share, to be paid 
concurrently with the second tranche of the previously approved distribution, resulting in a total payment of 
U.S.$0.30/share in September 2023. The Group also announced an additional share buyback of U.S.$1.2 billion, 
which is intended to be completed by the time of the Group’s full-year results announcement in February 2024.
Acquisition of Pan American’s stake in the MARA Project
On 31 July 2023, the Group announced that it has reached an agreement with Pan American to acquire Pan 
American’s 56.25 per cent. stake in the MARA Project. Under the terms of the agreement, the Group will pay 
U.S.$475 million in cash upon closing and grant Pan American a copper net smelter return royalty of 0.75 per 
cent. 
The MARA Project was first formed through the integration of the Minera Alumbrera plant and mining 
infrastructure and Agua Rica project in a joint venture between Yamana Gold, the Group and Newmont in 
December 2020. The Group acquired Newmont’s 18.75 per cent. stake in October 2022, bringing its 
shareholding to 43.75 per cent. Pan American acquired Yamana Gold’s 56.25 per cent. stake as part of its 
acquisition of Yamana Gold Inc. in March 2023.
The closing of the transaction is subject to customary conditions and regulatory filings and is expected to be 
completed in the second half of 2023. Upon completion of the transaction, the Group will become the sole 
owner and operator of the MARA Project.
Acquisition of an equity stake in PolyMet Mining Corp.
On 17 July 2023, it was announced that the Group’s U.S.$73 million offer to buy the remaining 18 per cent. 
equity interest in PolyMet Mining Corp. not already owned had been accepted by PolyMet. The acquisition is 
subject to shareholder approval and is expected to close in the second half of 2023.
Viterra merger with Bunge
On 13 June 2023, the Company announced that the Company, the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board and 
British Columbia Investment Management Corporation, the shareholders of Viterra, have concluded an 
agreement with Bunge to merge Bunge and Viterra in a cash and stock transaction to create a premier diversified 
global agribusiness solutions company. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company will receive 
approximately U.S.$3.1 billion in Bunge stock (based on Bunge’s stock price at 30 June 2023) and U.S.$1.0 
billion in cash for its approximately 50 per cent. stake in Viterra resulting in Glencore then holding 
approximately 15 per cent. in the combined group. The merger, subject to satisfaction of customary closing 
conditions, including receipt of regulatory approvals and approval by Bunge shareholders, is expected to close 
in mid-2024. 
The carrying amount of the 49.9 per cent. investment in Viterra as at 30 June 2023 was classified as an asset 
held for sale. Due to Viterra’s classification as such, the Group will no longer be accounting for its share of 
Viterra’s income going forward. However, for segmental reporting purposes, and for internal reporting, Viterra 
will continue to be accounted for as an equity accounted associate and reconciled accordingly to the Group’s 
statutory disclosures.

--- Page 113 ---
113
Industrial Activities 
The industrial activities business segment includes the Group’s industrial assets, predominantly mines and 
smelters. The industrial activities are exposed directly to commodity price movements, including transactions 
with the marketing segment. In the six months ended 30 June 2023, industrial activities accounted for 
U.S.$7,410 million, or 78.9 per cent., of the Group’s Adjusted EBITDA. In the year ended 31 December 2022, 
industrial activities accounted for U.S.$27,265 million, or 80.0 per cent., of the Group’s Adjusted EBITDA. In 
the year ended 31 December 2021, industrial activities accounted for U.S.$17,100 million, or 80.2 per cent., of 
the Group’s Adjusted EBITDA. In the year ended 31 December 2020, industrial activities accounted for 
U.S.$7,828 million, or 67.7 per cent., of the Group’s Adjusted EBITDA. 
Any decision to acquire or dispose of an industrial asset is based on the stand-alone potential of the asset and 
its potential contribution to the Group’s marketing activities and requires the appropriate level of approval. The 
Group requires its industrial assets to focus primarily on operating performance – costs, project delivery and 
health, safety and environmental performance, which those businesses can largely control and influence, 
leaving the marketing arm to handle marketing and distribution activities as part of an integrated global system.
The Board continues to review the Group’s industrial asset portfolio, project pipeline and planned capital 
expenditure in light of all relevant factors, including market conditions and the Group’s overall financial targets.
Metals and Minerals
The Group’s metals and minerals industrial assets produce commodities including copper, cobalt, zinc, nickel, 
ferroalloys, gold and silver. The Group organises its assets by the principal commodities produced at the asset, 
primarily: copper, zinc, nickel and ferroalloys. While the Group also has aluminium and iron ore departments, 
neither department currently controls producing assets of any scale. The table below shows the Group’s 
production information for all metals and minerals, by commodity for the periods indicated. The production 
information set out below for each department reflects that a given asset may also produce smaller quantities 
of other commodities as by-products.
For the year ended 31 December
For the six months ended 
30 June
Total Production from Own Sources(1)
2020
2021
2022
2022
2023
Copper (kt) ..................................................................
1,258.1
1,195.7
1,058.1
510.2
488.0
Cobalt (kt) ...................................................................
27.4
31.3
43.8
20.7
21.7
Zinc (kt).......................................................................
1,170.4
1,117.8
938.5
480.7
434.7
Lead (kt)......................................................................
259.4
222.3
191.6
95.1
87.4
Nickel (kt)...................................................................
110.2
102.3
107.5
57.8
46.4
Gold (koz)....................................................................
916
809
661
334
369
Silver (koz)..................................................................
32,766
31,519
23,750
12,579
9,446
Ferrochrome (kt) .........................................................
1,029
1,468
1,488
786
717
Note:
(1)
Controlled industrial assets and joint ventures only. Production is on a 100 per cent. basis except for joint ventures, 
where the Group’s attributable share of production is included.
For more detailed information on the Group’s production, see the Group Production Reports incorporated by 
reference herein.

--- Page 114 ---
114
Copper
The table below shows the copper department’s principal investments in industrial assets and the Group’s 
ownership interest at 30 June 2023: 
Asset
Location
Commodities
Group
ownership 
interest
Remaining ownership 
interest
African Copper (KCC(1), 
Mutanda)
KCC
DRC
Copper, Cobalt
75%
25% Gécamines
Mutanda(2)
DRC
Copper, Cobalt
95%
DRC Government
Chile
Collahuasi
Chile
Copper, Silver
44%
44% Anglo American;
12% Japanese consortium 
headed by Mitsui & Co. Ltd.
Lomas Bayas
Chile
Copper 
100%
—
Peru
Antamina
Peru
Copper, Zinc, Silver 
33.75%
33.75% BHP;
22.5% Teck Resources Ltd.;
10% Mitsubishi Corporation
Antapaccay
Peru
Copper, Gold, Silver
100%
—
Notes:
(1)
Text in this section refers as appropriate to the Katanga mining operation and to Katanga’s main operating company, Kamoto Copper 
Company SARL (“KCC”).
(2)
In 2022, 5 per cent. of the equity of Mutanda Mining was transferred to the DRC Government in accordance with the DRC Mining 
Code.
The table below shows the copper department’s production data for each of its principal commodities for the 
periods indicated:
For the year ended 31 December
For the six months ended 
30 June
2020
2021
2022
2022
2023
Copper(1) (kt) ...............................................................
1,060.6
1,024.8
917.9
442.5
430.4
Cobalt (kt)....................................................................
23.9
27.7
40.2
19.0
20.4
Zinc(2) (kt)....................................................................
142.4
153.7
144.3
72.2
77.1
Gold (koz)....................................................................
236
199
99
48
76
Silver(1) (koz) ...............................................................
11,508
12,390
9,982
5,264
4,351
Notes:
(1)
This includes the Group’s pro rata share of Collahuasi production (44 per cent.) and Antamina production (33.75 per 
cent.).

--- Page 115 ---
115
(2)
This includes the Group’s pro rata share of Antamina production (33.75 per cent.).
The copper department’s copper production in the six months ended 30 June 2023 fell 3 per cent. from the six 
months ended 30 June 2022, consistent with the Group’s expectations around mining sequences at Collahuasi 
and Antamina, and lower copper by-products outside the copper department.
The copper department’s copper production in the year ended 31 December 2022 fell 10 per cent. from the year 
ended 31 December 2021, mainly due to ongoing geotechnical constraints at Katanga, the sale of the Ernest 
Henry mine in January 2022 and planned mining sequence changes at Collahuasi.
The copper department’s copper production in the year ended 31 December 2021 fell 3 per cent. from the year 
ended 31 December 2020, primarily as a result of the Mopani disposal, and expected lower copper grades at 
Antapaccay. 
African Copper
In the six months ended 30 June 2023, the Group’s African copper production was 9 per cent. higher than in 
the six months ended 30 June 2022, mainly reflecting higher milling throughput at Mutanda and the ongoing 
management of geotechnical constraints at Katanga. The Group’s own sourced cobalt production in the six 
months ended 30 June 2023 was 7 per cent. higher than in the six months ended 30 June 2022, reflecting 
improved cobalt recoveries at Katanga.
In the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group’s African copper production was 9 per cent. lower than in the 
year ended 31 December 2021, mainly reflecting Katanga’s geotechnical constraints in the open pit, unplanned 
downtime at the acid plant and power instability. The Group’s own sourced cobalt production in the year ended 
31 December 2022 was 45 per cent. higher than in the year ended 31 December 2021, mainly driven by 
Mutanda’s restart.
The Group’s African copper production in the year ended 31 December 2021 fell 8 per cent. compared to the 
year ended 31 December 2020, mainly reflecting the disposal of Mopani. The contribution from Mutanda’s 
limited restart was largely offset by the impact of intermittent power outages at Katanga.
Over a number of years, the Group has contributed to a power project in which Katanga and Mutanda entered 
into an agreement with Société Nationale d’Électricité (“SNEL”), the DRC’s national electricity company, to 
refurbish DRC power generating, transmission and distribution systems. This project facilitated a progressive 
increase in power availability for the operations to a total of 400 MW through the refurbishment of two turbines 
at the Inga dam. Funding for the project was completed in the second quarter of 2021. The investment in this 
project is being repaid through credits on Katanga’s and Mutanda’s power costs. 
In December 2019, KCC, entered into an agreement with Gécamines, to acquire from Gécamines a 
comprehensive land package covering areas adjacent to KCC’s existing mining concessions for U.S.$250 
million. The land includes multiple blocks for construction of a new long-term tailings facility and the possible 
exploitation of additional resources that will enhance KCC’s ability to more efficiently operate its mines, 
facilities and other key infrastructure requirements. In August 2020, KCC advanced U.S.$150 million to 
Gécamines as an agreed prepayment of the consideration due. If the closing conditions as prescribed in the 
agreement are not fulfilled, the Group has the right to accrue interest on the prepaid amount, terminate the 
agreement and, if funds are not returned, offset against future amounts owing to Gécamines. The balance of the 
consideration is due five days after the respective closing conditions of each area to be transferred are satisfied. 
During 2022 and the first half of 2023, activities to progress the transfer of these land packages (e.g. removal 
of tailings and drilling activities to confirm resource availability) continued.

--- Page 116 ---
116
In June 2020, the Group completed the acquisition of the remaining shares in Katanga that it did not already 
own. Katanga became a wholly owned subsidiary and was delisted from the Toronto Stock Exchange.
In January 2021, the Group agreed to sell its controlling interest in Mopani to ZCCM Investments Holding plc 
(“ZCCM”) and the sale was completed in March 2021. Mopani has been historically funded by borrowings 
from the Group and U.S.$1.5 billion of debt remained owed by Mopani to the Group at the transaction date, 
which was deemed to have a fair value of U.S.$838 million. The pace and size of repayment instalments are 
linked to Mopani’s future production and copper prices. The Group has retained offtake rights in respect of 
Mopani’s copper production until the debt has been repaid in full. During 2022, the originally expected 
production rate at Mopani was not achieved, in part, due to a lack of funding. The new shareholder has 
conducted operational and strategic reviews, resulting in Mopani seeking additional funding and seeking to 
restructure and extend repayment of the transaction debt. As a result, an impairment of U.S.$422 million was 
recognised during the year ended 31 December 2022. 
In 2022, three mining permits (“permis d’exploitation”) (PE662, PE643 and PE662) were successfully renewed 
by Mutanda for an additional period of 15 years. The renewal of the mining titles triggered the transfer of 5 per 
cent. of the equity of Mutanda Mining to the DRC Government in accordance with the DRC Mining Code.
South America and Australia
In the six months ended 30 June 2023, the Group’s copper production at Collahuasi was 10 per cent. lower than 
in the corresponding period in 2022, which is aligned with planned lower grades as the next phase of the mine 
plan is developed. Higher grades and throughput are expected in the second half of 2023. Copper production at 
Antamina was 12 per cent. lower due to heavy rains in March 2023, leading to the temporary suspension of 
operations of the plant and pipeline. Other South American production in the six months ended 30 June 2023 
was 3 per cent. higher than in the corresponding period in 2022, reflecting higher copper grades and recoveries 
at Antapaccay, partially offset by anticipated lower grades at Lomas Bayas. 
In 2022, the Group’s copper production at Collahuasi was 9 per cent. lower than in 2021 due to expected mining 
sequence changes and Covid-19 related absenteeism. Copper production at Antamina increased by 2 per cent. 
due to higher copper grades. Other South American production in 2022 decreased by 5 per cent. compared to 
2021, reflecting mining sequence planning at Antapaccay, with higher production expected in 2023. The 
Group’s Australian copper production was 56 per cent. lower due to the sale of the Ernest Henry mine in January 
2022. 
In 2021, the Group’s copper production at Collahuasi was in line with 2020. Its production at Antamina 
increased by 17 per cent., reflecting the end of COVID-19-related mining suspensions, which had impacted 
2020 results. Other South American production in 2021 was 9 per cent. lower than 2020, reflecting expected 
lower copper grades at Antapaccay and temporarily reduced production at Lomas Bayas due to short-term leach 
pad issues, which have since been rectified. Australian production was 11 per cent. lower than 2020, due to 
expected changes in mine sequencing at Ernest Henry and additional mine developments at Cobar.
In December 2020, the Group disposed of its 50 per cent. interest in Minera Alumbrera Limited, a copper-gold 
operation in Argentina, in return for a non-controlling interest in the nearby Minera Agua Rica Alumbrera 
Limited (the “MARA Project”). The MARA Project, located in the Catamarca province of Argentina, has 
proven and probable mineral reserves of 5.4 million tonnes of copper and 7.4 million ounces of gold contained 
in 1.105 billion tonnes of ore. It has a 27-year mine life based on mineral reserves supported by more than 86 
kms of drilling. The MARA Project is expected to be one of the 25 largest global copper producers when 
operational, with an expected average copper production over the first 10 full years exceeding 200kt per annum 
(with further material by-product credits). The Group believes that the MARA Project will create significant 
synergies by allowing Alumbrera’s existing infrastructure to be used for processing ore from the future open 
pit mine at Agua Rica. The Group held a 25 per cent. interest in this company as at 31 December 2021, and in

--- Page 117 ---
117
September 2022 it agreed to acquire Newmont Corporation’s (“Newmont’s”) shareholding. Following 
completion of the transaction, at 31 December 2022, the Group owned 43.75 per cent. of the MARA Project. 
Under the terms of the agreement, the Group paid U.S.$124.9 million upon closing and will make a U.S.$30 
million deferred payment upon the commencement of commercial production, subject to an annual interest 
charge of 6 per cent. Total deferred consideration is capped at U.S.$50 million. On 31 July 2023, the Group 
announced that it had reached an agreement with Pan American Silver Corp (“Pan American”) to acquire Pan 
American’s 56.25 per cent. stake in the MARA Project, giving the Group 100 per cent. ownership of the MARA 
Project. Under the terms of the agreement, the Group will pay U.S.$475 million in cash upon closing and grant 
Pan American a copper net smelter return royalty of 0.75 per cent. 
In January 2022, the Group completed the AUD1 billion sale of its 70 per cent. interest in Ernest Henry Mining 
Pty Ltd, the owner of the EHM copper-gold mine in Queensland, Australia, to Evolution Mining Limited. After 
closing adjustments, U.S.$585 million was received with U.S.$139 million receivable in January 2023. As a 
result, all agreements implementing the economic joint ventures between the Group and Evolution Mining 
Limited entered into on 23 August 2016 have ended and the Group has no further obligation to deliver any gold, 
copper concentrate or other metals under these agreements from 1 January 2022. Evolution Mining Limited 
also assumed all rehabilitation obligations and liabilities and will replace the Group’s rehabilitation bonds. The 
Group will offtake 100 per cent. of the copper concentrate produced at EHM.
On 16 June 2023, the Group completed the sale and purchase of the Group’s 100 per cent. interest in Cobar 
Management Pty Ltd, the owner of the Cobar copper mine in New South Wales, Australia to Metals Acquisition 
Corp. (“MAC”). The Group received U.S.$775 million in cash and U.S.$100 million cash (with the effect that 
as of 30 June 2023, the Group held 20.7 per cent. of the shares in MAC). The transaction also includes: U.S.$75 
million deferred payment to be paid within 12 months; U.S.$150 million payment contingent upon future copper 
prices; and 1.5 per cent. net smelter return royalty over the life of mine. MAC has assumed ownership and full 
operational control of the mine and Glencore has an offtake agreement for 100 per cent. of the copper 
concentrate produced at the mine. Patrice Merrin was a Director of the Company until May 2023 and is also 
chair of the board of directors of MAC. Ms Merrin holds less than a 1 per cent. voting interest in MAC’s shares. 
MAC is not a related party of the Group within the meaning of the UK Listing Rules, and Ms Merrin did not 
participate in the consideration of the sale by the Board of Directors.
The Group also has a portfolio of copper development projects. The Group continually reviews its projects and 
planned capital expenditure in light of all relevant factors, including market conditions and the Group’s overall 
financial targets.
Zinc
The table below shows the zinc department’s principal investments in industrial assets and the Group’s 
ownership interest at 30 June 2023: 
Asset
Location
Commodities
Group
ownership 
interest
Remaining ownership 
interest
Kazzinc
Kazakhstan
Zinc, Lead, Copper, 
Gold, Silver
69.7%
29.8% Samruk-Kazyna
0.5% privately held
Australia 
Mount Isa and Townsville(1)
Australia
Zinc, Copper, Gold, 
Lead, Silver
100%
—
McArthur River
Australia
Zinc, Lead, Silver
100%
—
North America

--- Page 118 ---
118
Asset
Location
Commodities
Group
ownership 
interest
Remaining ownership 
interest
Matagami
Canada
Zinc, Copper
100%
—
Kidd
Canada
Zinc, Copper, Silver
100%
—
Other Zinc: South America
Volcan
Peru
Zinc, Silver
23.3%
76.7% publicly traded
Note:
(1)
Mount Isa operations (including Townsville), which were previously recorded under the copper department moved to the zinc 
department.
The table below shows the zinc department’s production data for each of its principal commodities (excluding 
Volcan) for the periods indicated:
For the year ended 31 December
For the six months 
ended 30 June
2020
2021
2022
2022
2023
Zinc (kt) ..............................................................................
1,028.0
964.1
794.2
408.5
357.6
Lead (kt)..............................................................................
259.4
222.3
191.6
95.1
87.4
Copper (kt)..........................................................................
168.9
149.1
120.7
56.3
51.5
Gold (koz) ...........................................................................
659
595
546
277
288
Silver (koz)..........................................................................
20,919
18,833
13,573
7,225
4,998
The zinc department’s zinc production in the six months ended 30 June 2023 fell 12 per cent. compared to the 
six months ended 30 June 2022, reflecting the disposal of South American zinc operations and the closure of 
Matagami in 2022.
The zinc department’s zinc production in the year ended 31 December 2022 fell 18 per cent. compared to the 
year ended 31 December 2021, reflecting progressive reduction in the South American portfolio through 
disposals and closures, closure of Matagami and lower volumes from Mount Isa.
The zinc department’s zinc production in the year ended 31 December 2021 fell 6 per cent. compared to the 
year ended 31 December 2020, reflecting (i) the expected decline of Maleevsky mine in Kazakhstan which is 
being delayed by the slower than expected ramp-up of replacement Zhairem mine tonnage, (ii) less additional 
metal production from ore stockpile drawdowns at Mount Isa and (iii) lower grades at the Kidd mine. 
In 2021, the Group merged and simplified management of the Mount Isa complex, with the intention of 
developing an integrated polymetallic mine plan and releasing cost savings. Copper and zinc mining and 
processing operations were previously managed and recorded separately, but have been brought together under 
the zinc department.
In October 2021, the Group agreed to sell its interests in Sinchi Wayra and Illapa to Santacruz, for 
approximately U.S.$110 million and a 1.5 per cent. net smelter return royalty over the life of the mines. The 
transaction closed in March 2022. The U.S.$110 million is subject to customary closing adjustments and is 
structured as approximately U.S.$20 million to be paid on completion with the balance of approximately

--- Page 119 ---
119
U.S.$90 million due over the following four years. In December 2021, the Group sold its 100 per cent. interest 
in Aguilar, a mine in Argentina.
In December 2022, the Group disposed of its interest in Los Quenuales, a zinc-lead-silver mine in Peru, to 
Alpayana S.A for U.S.$10 million. Conditional on completion of the transaction, the Group earlier settled its 
silver streaming arrangement over one of Los Quenuales’ mining properties with Wheaton Precious Metals for 
a payment of U.S.$132 million.
In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Group commenced the process of exploring the possible disposal of its 23.3 
per cent. economic interest in Volcan.
The Group also has a portfolio of zinc development projects. The Group continually reviews its projects and 
planned capital expenditure in light of all relevant factors, including market conditions and the Group’s overall 
financial targets.
Custom metallurgical 
The copper and zinc departments operate smelters that process the Group’s own mined production and other 
customers’ feedstocks. The table below shows the principal industrial assets and the Group’s ownership interest 
at 30 June 2023: 
Asset
Location
Commodities
Group
ownership 
interest
Remaining ownership 
interest
Copper
Altonorte
Chile
Copper anode
100%
—
Pasar
Philippines
Copper metal
78.2%
21.8% local investors
Horne
Canada
Copper anode
100%
—
CCR
Canada
Copper metal
100%
—
Zinc
Portovesme
Italy
Zinc, Lead, Silver 
100%
—
Asturiana (San Juan de Nieva)
Spain
Zinc 
100%
—
Nordenham
Germany
Zinc, Lead 
100%
—
Britannia Refined Metals 
(Northfleet)
United 
Kingdom
Lead, Silver 
100%
—
The table below shows custom metallurgical production data for each of the Group’s principal commodities for 
the periods indicated:
For the year ended 31 December
For the six months 
ended 30 June
2020
2021
2022
2022
2023
Copper metal (kt) ................................................................
482.6
490.6
456.9
232.0
251.4
Copper anode (kt) ...............................................................
490.1
454.0
474.9
238.2
225.3
Zinc (kt) ..............................................................................
787.2
800.6
683.0
350.9
345.3
Lead (kt)..............................................................................
198.0
244.9
273.4
159.0
123.7

--- Page 120 ---
120
In September 2021, the Group acquired the Nordenham Metall lead smelter, which has an annualised capacity 
of approximately 100kt. The smelter is located on a site shared with the Nordenham zinc smelter, also owned 
by the Group.
Other than the additional lead smelting capacity discussed above, smelting capacity has been broadly stable 
over time, with changes mainly reflecting plant shutdowns (“turnarounds”) for major maintenance, which 
typically occur on a two to four-year cycle. 
In March 2023, the Group increased its interest in the CEZ zinc refinery in Canada from 25 per cent. to 100 per 
cent. 
The Group’s copper anode production in the six months ended 30 June 2023 was 5 per cent. lower than in the 
six months ended 30 June 2022, reflecting maintenance at Altonorte and a scheduled 17-day maintenance 
shutdown at Horne. The Group’s copper metal production in the six months ended 30 June 2023 was 8 per cent. 
higher than in the six months ended 30 June 2022, reflecting increased contributions from CCR and Pasar. Zinc 
production was broadly in line with the six months ended 30 June 2022, reflecting the suspension of Nordenham 
in the second half of 2022, given recent periods of high European power prices, largely offset by production 
from the CEZ zinc refinery, consolidated from April 2023. Lead production was 22 per cent. lower, reflecting 
the lower bullion received at Northfleet from Mount Isa, Portovesme’s partial care and maintenance status and 
planned lower production from the active Nordenham lead line.
Copper anode production in the year ended 31 December 2022 was 5 per cent. higher than in the year ended 31 
December 2021. Within this, production at Horne was lower due to challenging winter weather and unplanned 
smelter downtime, offset by a strong performance by Altonorte. Copper metal production in the year ended 31 
December 2022 was 7 per cent. lower than in the year ended 31 December 2021, largely due to lower CCR 
production, resulting from Horne’s lower production output and planned maintenance at Pasar. Zinc production 
was 15 per cent. lower, mainly relating to suspension of Portovesme’s zinc line in the fourth quarter of 2021 
and a full suspension at Nordenham in November 2022, in each case due to high European power prices. 
Portovesme’s waelz-oxide line, which recycles zinc from steel dust, remains operational. Lead production was 
12 per cent. higher, reflecting the contribution of the Nordenham Mettall lead smelter.
The Group’s copper metal production in the year ended 31 December 2021 was 2 per cent. higher than in the 
year ended 31 December 2020. The Group’s copper anode production was 7 per cent. lower than in the year 
ended 31 December 2020, reflecting scheduled maintenance at Altonorte in July 2021. Zinc production in the 
year ended 31 December 2021 was 2 per cent. higher than in the year ended 31 December 2020. Lead production 
in the year ended 31 December 2021 was 24 per cent. higher than in the year ended 31 December 2020, mainly 
reflecting the contribution of the Nordenham Metall lead smelter. 
Nickel
The table below shows the nickel department’s principal investments in industrial assets and the Group’s 
ownership interest at 30 June 2023: 
Asset
Location
Commodities
Group
ownership 
interest
Remaining ownership 
interest
Integrated Nickel Operations 
(Subdury, Raglan, Nikkelverk)
Canada, 
Norway
Nickel, Copper, 
Cobalt, Gold, Silver, 
Platinum, Palladium, 
Rhodium
100%
—
Australia (Murrin)
Australia
Nickel, Cobalt 
100%
—

--- Page 121 ---
121
Asset
Location
Commodities
Group
ownership 
interest
Remaining ownership 
interest
Koniambo(1)
New 
Caledonia
Nickel 
49%
51% Société Minière du
Sud Pacifique (SMSP) 
Note:
(1)
The Group has control of Koniambo as a result of the ability to direct the key activities of the operation and to appoint key 
management personnel provided by the terms of the financing arrangements underlying the Koniambo project.
The table below shows the nickel department’s production data for each of its principal commodities for the 
periods indicated:
For the year ended 31 December
For the six months 
ended 30 June
2020
2021
2022
2022
2023
Nickel (kt) ...........................................................................
110.2
102.3
107.5
57.8
46.4
Copper (kt)..........................................................................
28.6
21.8
19.5
11.4
6.1
Cobalt (kt) ...........................................................................
3.5
3.6
3.6
1.7
1.3
Gold (koz) ...........................................................................
21
15
16
9
5
Silver (koz)..........................................................................
339
296
195
90
97
Platinum (koz).....................................................................
40
33
32
17
12
Palladium (koz) ...................................................................
101
83
83
50
33
Rhodium (koz) ....................................................................
4
4
4
2
1
The nickel department’s nickel production for the six months ended 30 June 2023 fell 20 per cent. compared to 
the six months ended 30 June 2022, primarily reflecting higher Integrated Nickel Operations third-party 
production (compared to own sourced), in large part necessitated by the strike at Raglan mine in 2022.
The nickel department’s nickel production for the year ended 31 December 2022 rose 5 per cent. from the year 
ended 31 December 2021, mainly reflecting Koniambo operating both production lines in 2022 and Murrin’s 
stable operations compared to a multi-week shutdown for scheduled maintenance in 2021, partially offset by 
lower production at Integrated Nickel Operations due to industrial action in Canada and Norway. 
The nickel department’s nickel production for the year ended 31 December 2021 fell 7 per cent. from the year 
ended 31 December 2020, mainly reflecting planned maintenance at Murrin. Koniambo’s nickel production 
was in line with 2020, following a slag leak earlier in the year and much improved performance in the fourth 
quarter of 2021.
Ferroalloys
The table below shows the ferroalloys department’s principal investments in industrial assets and the Group’s 
ownership interest at 30 June 2023:

--- Page 122 ---
122
Asset
Location
Commodities
Group
ownership 
interest
Remaining ownership 
interest
Glencore Merafe Chrome Venture(1)
South Africa
Ferrochrome
79.5%
20.5% Merafe Resources
Limited
Rhovan Pooling and Sharing Joint 
Venture(2)
South Africa
Vanadium Pentoxide
74%
26% Bakwena-Ba-Mogopa
Notes:
(1)
In addition to the 79.5 per cent. ownership interest in Glencore Merafe Chrome Venture, the Group has a 29 per cent. interest in 
Merafe Resources Limited.
(2)
Consolidated 100 per cent.
The table below shows the ferroalloys department’s production data for each of its principal commodities for 
the periods indicated:
For the year ended 31 December
For the six months 
ended 30 June 2023
2020
2021
2022
2022
2023
Ferrochrome(1) (kt)..............................................................
1,029
1,468
1,488
786
717
Vanadium Pentoxide (mlb).................................................
19.5
20.5
19.8
9.9
9.3
Note:
(1)
The Group’s attributable 79.5 per cent. share of the Glencore Merafe Chrome Venture.
The ferroalloys department’s ferrochrome production in the six months ended 30 June 2023 was 9 per cent. 
lower than the six months ended 30 June 2022, due to planned additional smelter offline days.
The ferroalloys department’s ferrochrome production in the year ended 31 December 2022 was in line with 
production in the year ended 31 December 2021.
The ferroalloys department’s ferrochrome production in the year ended 31 December 2021 was 43 per cent. 
higher than the year ended 31 December 2020, mainly due to a strong operating performance following 
suspensions of mining and smelting operations for much of the second quarter of 2020 due to the South African 
national lockdown.
The Group is one of the world’s largest and lowest cost integrated ferrochrome producers and one of the largest 
producers of primary vanadium. The Group also owns carbon operations which supply key raw materials to its 
ferrochrome smelting operations. The Glencore Merafe Chrome Venture manages five chrome mines and 
associated chromite ore processing plants, and five smelter complexes (including Lydenburg, currently on care 
and maintenance).
The Group’s ferrochrome smelting operations require large amounts of electrical energy, and is supplied with 
electricity by Eskom, the South African national electricity utility rather than having captive power assets. 
Certain of the Group’s smelters have electrical-energy efficient proprietary technology, which positions them 
lower on the cost curve. During any periods of tight supply, the Group participates in Eskom’s Demand 
Management Programmes to manage and control the impact of restricted electricity supplies on its operations.

--- Page 123 ---
123
Along with its joint venture partner, the Group has developed a manganese mine in South Africa with first ore 
delivered in 2021.
Aluminium/Alumina
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had a 46.1 per cent. economic interest (comprising voting and non-voting 
interests) in Century Aluminum, a company listed on the NASDAQ with aluminium smelting operations 
principally in the U.S. and Iceland. The Group does not have control of Century Aluminum, which is accounted 
for as an associate. 
In April 2023, the Company announced that it reached a binding agreement with Norsk Hydro ASA (“Hydro”) 
to acquire a 30 per cent. equity stake in Alunorte S.A. (“Alunorte”) and a 45 per cent. equity stake in Mineracão 
Rio do Norte S.A. (“MRN”). The Group is acquiring these non-controlling stakes for a combined equity value 
of U.S.$775 million, with the basis being an agreed proportionate look through enterprise value, and a net debt 
of U.S.$335 million in the business as at 31 March 2023. The effective date of the transaction was 30 June 2023 
and it includes certain post-closing adjustments based on the performance of Alunorte over a 21-month period 
from 30 June 2023. The total payment on completion, including earn-in and other adjustments, is currently 
expected to be approximately U.S.$700 million. Completion is expected to occur in the second half of 2023 
and is conditional on, among others, customary regulatory approvals, with the two transactions with Hydro 
being inter-conditional.
On completion of the transactions:

the Group will become party to the Alunorte joint venture with Hydro and the other minority 
shareholders; 

the Group will become party to the MRN joint venture with the other existing shareholders, being 
South32, Rio Tinto and Companhia Brasileira de Aluminio;

the Group will not be the operator of either asset; and

the Group will have offtake rights for the life of the mine in respect of its pro rata share of the 
production from both Alunorte and MRN. Most of the bauxite purchased by Glencore from MRN will 
be supplied to Alunorte. In addition to the supply of MRN bauxite by Glencore, Alunorte currently 
purchases approximately 70 per cent. of its bauxite requirements from Paragominas, a bauxite mine 
wholly owned by Hydro.
Iron ore
The Group has interests in certain undeveloped projects in Mauritania and the Republic of Congo (Brazzaville). 
The Group continues to review these projects and planned capital expenditures in consideration of relevant 
factors, including market conditions and the Group’s overall financial targets.
Energy Products
The Group’s energy products industrial assets include extensive ownership interests in controlled and non-
controlled coal mining and oil production operations, primarily relating to thermal coal, coking coal, crude oil 
and oil products. The Group has organised its assets into two departments: coal and oil. The total production 
information for each department is provided in the discussion below. For more detailed information on the 
production of these assets, see the Group Production Report incorporated by reference herein.
Coal
The table below shows the coal department’s principal investments in operating industrial assets and the 
Group’s ownership interest at 30 June 2023:

--- Page 124 ---
124
Asset
Location
Commodities
Group
ownership 
interest
Remaining ownership 
interest
Australia coking coal
Oaky Creek
Australia
Coking coal
55%
25% Sumitomo
20% Itochu
Newlands
Australia
Coking coal
100%
—
Collinsville
Australia
Coking coal
100%
—
Integra
Australia
Semi-hard coking 
coal
100%
—
Hail Creek
Australia
Coking & thermal 
coal
84.7%
12.0% Marubeni
3.3% Sumitomo
Australia thermal coal and semi-
soft coking coal
Bulga complex
Australia
Thermal coal & semi-
soft coking coal
87.5%
12.5% Nippon Steel
Corporation
Liddell
Australia
Thermal coal 
67.5%
32.5% Mitsui Matsushima
Mount Owen complex
Australia
Thermal coal & semi-
soft coking coal
100%
—
Ulan
Australia
Thermal coal
100%
—
Ravensworth North
Australia
Thermal & semi-soft 
coking coal
100%
—
Mangoola
Australia
Thermal coal
100%
—
Newlands
Australia
Thermal coal
100%
—
Collinsville
Australia
Thermal coal
100%
—
Rolleston
Australia
Thermal coal
100%
—
Hunter Valley Operations
Australia
Thermal coal
49%
51% Yancoal
South Africa thermal coal
Tweefontein 
South Africa
Thermal coal
79.8%
20.2% African Rainbow
Minerals
iMpunzi 
South Africa
Thermal coal
79.8%
20.2% African Rainbow
Minerals
Goedgevonden
South Africa
Thermal coal
74.0%
26.0% African Rainbow
Minerals
Umcebo(1)
South Africa
Coal
48.7%
51.3% Phembani Group
Prodeco (Colombia) thermal coal
Prodeco
Colombia
Coal
100%
—
Cerrejón (Colombia) thermal coal
Cerrejón(2)
Colombia
Thermal coal
100%
—
Notes:
(1)
Although the Group holds less than 50 per cent. of the voting rights, it has the ability to exercise control over Umcebo Mining (Pty) 
Ltd as a result of shareholder agreements that give the Group the ability to control the board of directors.

--- Page 125 ---
125
(2)
Following notices from BHP and Anglo American offering to sell their entire shares in the Cerrejón mine in Colombia and following 
the receipt of the relevant regulatory approvals, the Group completed the acquisition of their respective 33.3 per cent. interests in 
January 2022 as further described below. The transaction had an economic effective date of 31 December 2020. 
The table below shows the coal department’s production data for the periods indicated:
For the year ended 31 December
For the six months 
ended 30 June
2020
2021
2022
2022
2023
Coal(1) (mt)..........................................................................
106.2
103.3
110.0
55.4
54.2
Note:
(1)
This reflects the Group’s pro rata share of Cerrejón production in 2020 and 2021 (33.3 per cent.). For the year ended 
31 December 2022 and the six months ended 30 June 2023, Cerrejón production was fully consolidated within the 
Group’s production results.
The Group’s coal production in the six months ended 30 June 2023 was broadly in line with the production in 
the six months ended 30 June 2022.
The Group’s coal production in the year ended 31 December 2022 was 6 per cent. higher than in the year ended 
31 December 2021, mainly reflecting higher attributable production from Cerrejón, following the acquisition 
in January 2022 of the remaining two-thirds interest that the Group did not already own. On a like-for-like 
basis, overall Group production declined by 7 per cent., primarily due to wet weather challenges and an 
extended community blockade in Colombia.
The Group’s coal production in the year ended 31 December 2021 was 3 per cent. lower than in the year ended 
31 December 2020, reflecting Prodeco’s care and maintenance status and reduced domestic power demand and 
export rail capacity in South Africa. This was partly offset by the recovery at Cerrejón, following its COVID-
19-related restrictions and strike action in 2020. 
Following notices from the Group’s joint venture partners, BHP and Anglo American, offering to sell their 
entire shares in the Cerrejón mine in Colombia, and following the receipt of the relevant regulatory approvals, 
the Group completed the acquisition of their combined interests totalling 66.67 per cent. in January 2022. The 
transactions had an economic effective date of 31 December 2020, with an aggregate purchase consideration of 
U.S.$588 million. After taking into account the dividends generated by 2021 operating cashflows, together with 
certain other adjustments, the Group paid U.S.$100 million on completion. Production volumes (and associated 
scope 3 emissions) are expected to decline materially from 2030, with mining concessions expiring 
progressively up to 2034. This is consistent with the Group’s commitment to a responsible managed decline of 
its coal portfolio. Consolidating control of Cerrejón neither increases nor decreases its absolute greenhouse gas 
emissions over the life of mine. 
On 4 February 2021, the Group announced that Prodeco would commence the process of handing its mining 
contracts back to the Republic of Colombia through the National Mining Agency. On 6 September 2021, the 
National Mining Agency formally notified the Group that it accepted the relinquishment of Prodeco’s key 
mining contracts. The mines will remain on care and maintenance until the formal process of relinquishing the 
contracts is complete. The port will continue to operate in line with its obligations as a public service port. 
Prodeco’s key priority is its workforce and local communities. Prodeco will engage with its employees, 
contractors and host communities on the impact of relinquishing the mining contracts. Prodeco has re-
commenced a voluntary redundancy programme which significantly exceeds the statutory requirements under

--- Page 126 ---
126
Colombian law. This process will also be supported by a social transition programme for the workforce and the 
communities surrounding Prodeco’s operations.
The Newlands coal mine in Queensland, Australia ceased production in February 2023. The Liddell coal mine 
in NSW, Australia is scheduled to cease production later in 2023.
The Group has acquired minority partners’ interests in some operating coal mines in recent years:

In July 2021, the Group acquired ENEOS Corporation’s interest in the Bulga complex in Australia, 
bringing its ownership to 85.9 per cent. at 31 December 2021. A follow-on transaction with JFE Shoji 
then increased the Group’s ownership interest to 87.5 per cent. at 31 December 2022. 

The Group increased its interest in the Rolleston coal mine from 75 per cent. to 100 per cent. ownership 
in 2021 via two separate transactions with the respective minority partners.

In 2022, the Group increased its interest in the Ravensworth North coal mine from 90 per cent. to 100 
per cent.
The Group also has a portfolio of coal development projects in Australia, South Africa and the Americas. The 
Group has reviewed its projects and planned capital expenditure and will continue to do so in light of all relevant 
factors, including market conditions, the Group’s stated positions on climate change.
Oil
The table below shows the oil department’s principal investments in industrial assets and the Group’s ownership 
interest at 30 June 2023:
Asset
Location
Commodities
Group
ownership 
interest
Remaining ownership 
interest
Exploration and Production
Equatorial Guinea
Block I
Equatorial 
Guinea
Oil, condensate and 
gas
23.75%
38% Noble Energy Inc.;
27.55% Atlas Petroleum 
International Ltd.;
5.7% Gunvor Resources 
Limited;
5% Compañía Nacional De
Petróleos de Guinea 
Ecuatorial (“GEPetrol”)
Block O
Equatorial 
Guinea
Oil, condensate and 
gas
25%
45% Noble Energy Inc.;
30% GEPetrol
Cameroon
Bolongo
Cameroon
Oil, condensate and 
gas
37.5%
37.5% Perenco
25% SNH
Oil refining
South Africa
Astron Energy South Africa
South 
Africa
Oil products
72.0%
23% OTS 56
5% Astron Employee Share 
Trust

--- Page 127 ---
127
The table below shows the oil department’s production data for the periods indicated on the basis of the Group’s 
entitlement interest:
For the year ended 31 December
For the six months 
ended 30 June
2020
2021
2022
2022
2023
Oil (kbbl).............................................................................
3,944
5,274
6,131
3,132
2,350
The Group’s oil production in the six months ended 30 June 2023 was 25 per cent. lower than in the six months 
ended 30 June 2023, due to natural field decline at Bolongo in Cameroon and the reduction of the Group’s 
entitlement percentage share in the Alen gas project in Equatorial Guinea, following the recovery of historical 
costs under a production sharing contract. 
The Group’s oil production in the year ended 31 December 2022 was 16 per cent. higher than in the year ended 
31 December 2021, reflecting a full year of production from the Alen gas project in Equatorial Guinea, 
following its commencement in March 2021.
The Group’s oil production in the year ended 31 December 2021 was 34 per cent. higher than the year ended 
31 December 2020, mainly reflecting commencement of the gas phase of the Alen project in Equatorial Guinea. 
In August 2021, the Group agreed to dispose its Chad upstream oil operations to Perenco S.A. The transaction 
closed in June 2022. There was no production from the Chad fields in 2021 or 2022.
The Group has a 25 per cent. equity interest in OAO NK Russneft (“Russneft”) which it agreed in December 
2021 to sell, conditional on receipt of certain regulatory approvals. The timing of completion is uncertain. No 
share of Russneft’s earnings was recognised subsequent to the agreement to sell.
On 2 July 2020, an incident occurred at the oil refinery operated by Astron Energy during the process to restart 
the refinery following a lengthy scheduled maintenance shutdown. Two employees died in the incident and 
certain plant infrastructure at the platformer unit was extensively damaged. Astron Energy holds property 
damage and business interruption insurance. The oil refinery restarted safely in January 2023 following its 
repair and upgrade. 
On 17 December 2021, the Group completed the disposal of its 100 per cent. interest in Chemoil Terminals 
LLC, which owns the Long Beach and Carson oil products storage terminals in California, for consideration of 
U.S.$248 million. 
In June 2022, Glencore disposed of its Chad upstream oil operations to Perenco S.A. for U.S.$197 million, of 
which U.S.$17 million was due on closing and U.S.$180 million is due through a price and production 
participation arrangement payable annually. 
Marketing Activities 
The marketing activities business segment includes the marketing and distribution of physical commodities 
sourced from third-party producers and the Group’s own production to industrial consumers. In the six months 
ended 30 June 2023, marketing activities accounted for U.S.$1,987 million, or 21.1 per cent., of the Group’s 
Adjusted EBITDA. In the year ended 31 December 2022, marketing activities accounted for U.S.$6,795 
million, or 20.0 per cent., of the Group’s Adjusted EBITDA. In the year ended 31 December 2021, marketing 
activities accounted for U.S.$4,223 million, or 19.8 per cent., of the Group’s Adjusted EBITDA. In the year 
ended 31 December 2020, marketing activities accounted for U.S.$3,732 million, or 32.3 per cent., of the 
Group’s Adjusted EBITDA.

--- Page 128 ---
128
The Group’s marketing activities source a diversified range of physical commodities from third-party suppliers 
and from industrial assets in which the Group has full or part ownership interests. These commodities are sold, 
often with value-added services such as freight, insurance, financing and/or storage, to a broad range of 
consumers and industrial commodity end users, with many of whom the Group has long-term commercial 
relationships. As a marketer, the Group is able to differentiate itself from other production entities as, in addition 
to focusing on minimising costs and maximising operational efficiencies, the Group focuses on maximising 
returns from the entire supply chain, taking into account its extensive and global third-party supply base, its 
logistics, risk management and working capital financing capabilities, its extensive market insight, business 
optionality, extensive customer base, strong market position and penetration in most commodities and its 
economies of scale. In contrast, this is not the business model of the Group’s industrial competitors, which are 
generally not set up to exploit the full range of value-added margin and arbitrage opportunities which exist 
throughout the commodity supply chain.
Many of the physical commodity markets in which the Group operates are geographically dispersed, fragmented 
and/or periodically volatile. Discrepancies often arise in respect of the prices at which the commodities can be 
bought or sold in different geographic locations or time periods, taking into account the numerous relevant 
pricing factors, including freight and product quality. These pricing discrepancies can present the Group with 
arbitrage opportunities whereby the Group is able to generate profit by sourcing, transporting, blending, storing 
or otherwise processing the relevant commodities. While the strategies used by the Group’s business segments 
to generate such margin vary from commodity to commodity, the main arbitrage strategies can be described 
generally as being:

Geographic: where the Group leverages its relationships and production, processing and logistical 
capabilities in order to source physical commodities from one location and deliver them to another 
location where such commodities can command a higher price (net of transport and/or other transaction 
costs);

Product-related: where it is possible to exploit the blending or multi-use characteristics of the particular 
commodities being marketed, such as the various crude oil products, coal or concentrates, in order to 
supply products that attract higher prices than their base constituents, or exploit existing and/or expected 
price differentials; or

Time-related: where it is possible to exploit a difference between the price of a commodity to be 
delivered at a future date and the price of a commodity to be delivered immediately, where the available 
storage, financing and other related costs until the future date are less than the forward pricing difference.
The Group uses market information made available by its industrial and marketing teams across its many 
locations to identify arbitrage opportunities. The Group’s marketing and investment activities and relationships 
with producers and consumers of raw materials are supported by a global network of offices providing sourcing 
and distribution capabilities located in over 35 countries throughout Europe, North, Central and South America, 
Asia, Australia, Africa and the Middle East. This network provides the Group with visibility over shifting 
supply and demand dynamics in respect of significant volumes of physical commodities across the globe. The 
detailed information from the Group’s widespread operations and close relationships with producers, consumers 
and logistics providers is available to the Group’s marketing operations and often enables them to identify 
opportunities, taking into account the Group’s extensive logistics capabilities, to source and supply physical 
commodities at attractive margins.
The Group’s logistics operations are a key part of its marketing operations as they enable the Group to fulfil its 
marketing obligations and to maximise arbitrage opportunities created by demand and supply imbalances. 
Physical sourcing and marketing of commodities requires highly professional handling and shipment of such 
goods from the supplier to the customer, including storage activities, as required. Typically, the staff handling

--- Page 129 ---
129
the physical movement of goods (the “traffic team”) account for a significant proportion of the marketing 
headcount of a business segment. The Group’s dedicated chartering teams actively trade freight to gain market 
knowledge and volume benefits. The freight element of transactions is furthermore used to maintain maximum 
physical optionality so that full value can be extracted from the underlying commodity positions of each 
division, thereby complementing the Group’s overall ability to seize geographic and time spread arbitrage 
opportunities as they arise.
Metals and Minerals
The marketing activities business segment is involved in the marketing and processing of metals and minerals, 
including zinc, copper, lead, nickel, cobalt, alumina, primary aluminium, bulk ferroalloys (including 
ferrochrome and chrome ore, ferromanganese, silicon manganese, manganese ore and ferrosilicon), noble 
ferroalloys (vanadium and molybdenum products) and iron ore, as well some gold, silver, tin and other by-
products such as sulphuric acid. Each metals and minerals commodity department has a global presence, sources 
commodities from key producing regions and has relationships with consumers in the key consuming countries.
The business benefits via supply from an extensive and geographically diverse portfolio of industrial assets. 
Supply agreements with third parties, combined with supply from industrial assets, enhance the Group’s 
reputation as a reliable supplier, which is important for customers who are reliant on both timeliness and quality 
of supply for the continuation of their operations.
Across the metals and minerals market, there is a diversified and geographically dispersed customer base. For 
the copper and zinc departments, this includes galvanisers, alloy producers, steel and brass mills, rod and wire 
producers and other fabricators. The customer base for the aluminium/alumina commodity department includes 
many of the world’s major alumina consumers and aluminium consuming industrial groups in the construction, 
packaging, transport and electronics industries. For the nickel, ferroalloys and iron ore commodity departments, 
large multinational European, American and Asian businesses across the transportation, carbon, stainless steel 
and other special steel industries make up a large part of the customer base. The main end uses for cobalt are 
currently rechargeable batteries, including those for electric vehicles, and super-alloys. The concentrate markets 
for these commodities have fewer customers (smelters) than the refined metals market. Diversification is larger 
for customers than for suppliers, reflecting a greater number of end users for metals and concentrates relative 
to the number of mines, smelters and refineries which produce them. 
Contracts for the commodities marketed by the metals and minerals division are both spot and long-term, with 
prices negotiated based on prevailing market prices. Long-term contracts are usually one to three years in 
duration, with pricing terms either linked to industry publication or London Metals Exchange (“LME”) prices 
or negotiated on a periodic basis having regard to prevailing market conditions. 
The physical metal trades are generally based on an exchange price plus or minus a premium or discount. A 
highly liquid paper futures market exists for zinc, copper, lead and nickel metals, which are traded on the LME 
(zinc, copper, lead and nickel), the Shanghai Futures Exchange (“SHFE”) (copper and zinc) and the Commodity 
Exchange division of the New York Mercantile Exchange (“COMEX”) (copper). Silver and gold are traded on 
the London Bullion Market Association and the COMEX. These exchanges allow the Group’s underlying 
commodity price exposures on physical transactions to be hedged, whether the price is based on an exchange 
price or a fixed price. If desired, and subject to Group risk limits and policies, they also allow the Group to gain 
exposure to price risk and spread positions through the use of long and short paper transactions, and to take 
advantage of arbitrage opportunities. Concentrates are non-fungible products and, consequently, are not directly 
tradable on an exchange. The Group hedges physical concentrate positions using future contracts for the 
estimated payable metal contained in the concentrate.
Alumina can only be stored for limited time periods in optimum conditions in order to maintain levels of quality. 
There is no derivatives exchange for alumina, which restricts the ability to hedge. As such, the Group is unable

--- Page 130 ---
130
to adjust its position through a deliverable paper market and the great majority of near-term alumina forward 
purchase and sale contracts are physically matched. Historically, a level of basis risk arose as alumina refineries 
would typically sell on the basis of alumina index pricing from certain publications, while aluminium smelters 
would purchase on a percentage of the LME aluminium price. While such risk has not been eliminated, sales 
and purchase contracts have recently been closer matched in duration (spot or up to maximum one year) and 
there has been a mix on both sides of index and percentage pricing. Where possible and desired, the Group 
hedges its exposure by contracting on a back-to-back basis or, in respect of existing contracts that are priced by 
reference to the LME aluminium prices, taking hedges against LME aluminium prices.
Primary aluminium is mainly traded on the LME, allowing paper and physical marketing contracts to be entered 
into with reference to a market price. Aluminium is also traded on the SHFE. This allows positions to be hedged 
and marked to market, as well as providing a purchaser of last resort. The LME provides information on forward 
curves, as well as a standardised contract that determines purity levels, delivery dates, weights and forms of the 
metal. Almost all of the Group’s physical aluminium transactions are priced based on the LME price plus/minus 
a premium/discount. These are usually hedged when originated or priced. The existence of the LME allows the 
Group to enter into immediate and effective price risk hedges against its positions in physical aluminium. The 
existence and use of LME approved warehouses allow marketers to manage supply and store the metal while 
they lock in future prices on the LME. If desired, and subject to Group risk limits and policies, it also allows 
the Group to gain exposure to price risk and spread positions through the use of long and short paper 
transactions.
Marketing operations for cobalt, ferroalloys and iron ore principally involve marketing these commodities 
through physical, as opposed to paper, transactions. While the LME launched trading platforms for cobalt and 
molybdenum as long ago as 2010, volumes are currently low, and these exchanges are therefore still relatively 
illiquid and, as a result, there is limited possibility of achieving effective paper hedging through a metals 
exchange. However, the Group has developed and offers financial products, such as cash-settled swaps, for 
cobalt and molybdenum as a means of managing the risk in respect of its physical exposures in these 
commodities. The Group is able to hedge its iron ore price risk through futures contracts on the Singapore 
Exchange Ltd. and the Dalian Commodity Exchange in China. 
Although important, the freight component of final price is not as critical for metals as for bulk dry cargoes 
(e.g. coal, grains and iron ore) and oil. Freight relating to the commodities marketed is generally chartered 
through third-party freight brokers on competitive terms, taking into account the Group’s scale of activities, 
both on the spot market and through the longer-term contracts of affreightment.
Energy Products
The Group markets energy products such as coal, coke, crude oil, LNG, power, carbon credits and oil products 
(such as fuel oil, heating oil, gasoline, naphtha, jet fuel, diesel and liquefied petroleum gas). These marketing 
activities also include the Group’s investments in strategic handling, storage and freight equipment and 
facilities. The Group’s energy products are marketed primarily through the Group’s offices in London, Baar, 
New York and Singapore, with key support from a number of other locations, including Beijing, Moscow and 
Jakarta, in order to take advantage of geographical opportunities. The global teams operate in an integrated 
manner.
Coal
The coal commodity department is involved in the production and marketing of coal and coking coal products. 
The marketing activities are supported by the Group’s large industrial asset portfolio, which provides access to 
both supply and market information. The Group markets thermal coal and coking coal either on a principal 
basis, where it takes ownership of the thermal coal and coking coal, or on an agency/advisory basis, pursuant 
to a marketing agreement.

--- Page 131 ---
131
The main sources of the Group’s principal thermal coal purchases are the coal mining companies in South 
Africa, Russia, Australia, Colombia, the U.S. and Indonesia, accounting for most of the strategically important 
producing regions. The Group’s diversified supply base allows it to better manage the changing and dynamic 
nature of thermal coal and coking coal demand and supply. 
The Group supplies thermal coal and coking coal to a diverse geographic and industrial customer base, 
including major utilities in Germany, Morocco, Hong Kong, China, India, Japan, Malaysia, Taiwan, South 
Korea and Vietnam. The Group also sells thermal coal and coking coal to major cement producers, steel mills, 
chemical plants and other industrial users throughout the world.
While traditionally thermal coal and coking coal has been sold on a physical bilateral basis, without a supporting 
commodity exchange, in recent years, a sizeable thermal coal and coking coal paper derivatives market has 
developed, providing a spot and forward market for certain standard thermal coal and coking coal specifications. 
The Group is able to transact in these markets in order to manage risks in relation to its physical supply of 
thermal coal and coking coal products.
The Group’s thermal coal and coking coal operations employ a specialist freight team located in Baar and 
Singapore. This team uses its considerable immersion in the seaborne bulk freight market to source competitive 
freight from third-party owners and carriers. Freight services are also supplied to third parties and are often 
sourced via joint venture agreements to enhance volume and gain timely market information in relation to 
industry trade patterns and rate developments.
The timing of procuring freight for own sourced thermal coal and coking coal operations is dictated primarily 
by physical thermal coal and coking coal sales activities, but also by global freight market dynamics at a point 
in time and/or forward expectations. Furthermore, geographic and time spreads are taken in order to allow the 
thermal coal and coking coal team to fully arbitrage relative value opportunities between the various origins 
and destinations of the underlying commodity. Maximum flexibility and optionality are thus sought to be 
maintained at all times. The operation manages freight from a combination of voyage and time charter-based 
contracts, spot market bookings and derivative contracts which are primarily used to hedge physical freight 
exposure inherent in the overall position.
Oil
The oil commodity department comprises marketing operations in crude oil, refined products, power, carbon 
credits and freight, supported by access to a wide range of logistics, storage and industrial assets investments. 
Crude oil represents the most significant product supplied by physical volume. Oil products primarily include 
mid-distillates, gasoline, residuals, naphtha, liquid petroleum gas, natural gas and liquefied natural gas 
(“LNG”).
The Group sources crude oil and oil products from a variety of supplier types. Its diverse supplier base includes 
the major integrated oil companies, national oil companies (“NOCs”), independent oil companies, other 
marketing companies and refineries. 
There is a high degree of overlap between the crude oil and oil products customer and supplier base, particularly 
in respect of the major integrated oil companies.
The Group’s significant customers are the major integrated oil companies such as ExxonMobil, Shell, BP and 
Total, as well as NOCs such as Indian Oil Corporation Ltd, China National Petroleum Corporation and China 
National Offshore Oil Corporation. In addition to the major integrated oil companies and NOCs, crude oil and 
oil products are sold to a diverse customer base, including oil refineries, petrochemical producers, wholesalers 
and distributors, international trading houses and major utilities. While the percentage of term contracts is 
relatively small, this is largely consistent with the structure of the oil market, and spot contracts are primarily

--- Page 132 ---
132
with customers with whom relationships have been established and developed over a long time and are therefore 
considered similar in nature to term contracts due to their expected renewal. 
The marketing operations principally involve physical sourcing, storage, blending and distribution of oil. Paper 
transactions are also entered into for the purposes of hedging and/or taking or increasing exposures, within 
Group limits and policies, where a physically backed position exists. The availability of liquid electronic trading 
markets, covering the majority of the products marketed by the crude oil and oil products operations, enables 
marketers to hedge their physical oil activities, as well as provide profit enhancing opportunities in relation to 
physical marketing strategies.
The Group’s crude oil and oil products operations source their freight requirements through arrangements with 
the Group’s internal oil freight desk, as well as from external spot vessel hires.
The Group acquired the LNG business of Ørsted A/S on 1 December 2020. The acquisition involved the Group 
taking over a number of contracts, including the right to use 3 billion cubic metres of LNG regasification 
capacity at the Gate terminal in Rotterdam annually until 2031, as well as a number of LNG supply contracts.
Competitors
The Group believes that physical commodity marketing is a volume-driven business requiring highly 
professional risk management, substantial financial resources, market knowledge and product and logistical 
expertise. The Group believes that it is one of the most diversified and globally active physical commodity 
sourcing and marketing companies. The Group believes that the majority of its competitors tend to focus on a 
specific commodity group or geographic area, or concentrate more heavily on commodity-related industrial 
activities such as mining, drilling, smelting, processing and refining. There are generally three types of 
companies active in physical commodity marketing, which compete with the Group, indirectly or directly, in 
certain markets. These include:

large participants active in specific commodity segments, such as Cargill in agricultural products and 
Vitol Group in oil;

captive marketing vehicles of major oil and metals producers and processors, such as Total, BP and BHP 
(though these companies are less focused on third-party marketing than the Group); and

other marketing companies whose operations are more limited to particular commodities and/or to 
geographic areas.
The Group’s competitors for copper, zinc and lead marketing include Trafigura and certain large financial 
institutions, which trade zinc, copper and lead as part of their core businesses but do not have significant 
production assets. The Group’s competitors for alumina and aluminium marketing transact significant volumes 
of their own production. Production utilised by the aluminium smelters and downstream facilities of integrated 
companies such as Rio Tinto plc, Alcoa Inc. and Norsk Hydro ASA are significant. The majority of the Group’s 
competitors for bulk products, ferroalloys, nickel and cobalt marketing compete primarily in upstream 
production, although some also have significant end product capabilities.
The Group’s competitors in coal marketing are either producers which largely market their own product and 
have less geographic market depth and visibility, for example BHP or Anglo American, or companies that have 
relatively little production capacity and focus mainly on less integrated trading and/or consumer activities, or 
power/utility companies.
The Group’s main competitors in oil marketing are Vitol, Trafigura and Mercuria. These companies have 
ownership in infrastructure assets; but in the cases of Trafigura and Mercuria, little, if any, upstream production. 
Volumes captured by oil majors such as BP and Shell are also in direct competition with the Group’s marketing 
volumes, although their participation in the market increases overall volume and liquidity.

--- Page 133 ---
133
Viterra
Viterra (formerly Glencore Agri) is a global agricultural product handling and logistics company connecting 
major exporting countries to regions with supply deficit. The Group had a 49.9 per cent. ownership interest in 
Viterra (as at 30 June 2023). On 13 June 2023, the Company announced that the Company, the Canada Pension 
Plan Investment Board and British Columbia Investment Management Corporation, the shareholders of Viterra, 
concluded an agreement with Bunge to merge Bunge and Viterra in a cash and stock transaction. Under the 
terms of the agreement, the Company will receive approximately U.S.$3.1 billion in Bunge stock (based on 
Bunge’s stock price at 30 June 2023) and U.S.$1.0 billion in cash for its approximately 50 per cent. stake in 
Viterra resulting in Glencore then holding approximately 15 per cent. in the combined group. The merger, 
subject to satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including receipt of regulatory approvals and approval 
by Bunge shareholders, is expected to close in mid-2024. 
Viterra’s origination and marketing activities focus on the following commodities: grains, oils/oilseeds, cotton 
and sugar. These activities are supported by investments in controlled and non-controlled storage, handling, 
processing and port facilities in strategic locations. Viterra’s recently completed Gavilon acquisition (which 
primarily provides US market presence) yields further benefits of scale and synergy opportunities. Following 
the Group’s disposal of a majority stake in Viterra in 2016, Viterra is operated and accounted for as a joint 
venture, and reported through “corporate and other” activities.
Viterra participates across the global food supply chain, from origination to processing, storage and handling 
and marketing activities. 
The suppliers to Viterra are producers, farming cooperatives, processing plants, local exporters and global 
merchants. Viterra does not have long-term supply contracts with global merchants but does occasionally 
transact with them on a spot basis. The supply base is very diverse and fragmented. Viterra generally enters 
into seasonal commitments to buy agricultural products from farmers and distributes them through its 
international network. 
Viterra’s customers are the processing industry (food, consumer goods and animal feed), local importers, 
government purchasing entities and competing global merchants. Contracts with customers in the food industry 
are negotiated bilaterally on a case-by-case basis, while contracts with governmental purchase bodies are 
usually tendered. Viterra does not enter into long-term contracts with these customers.
Liquid derivatives markets exist for the majority of the key commodities that the business markets, such as 
wheat, corn, soy oil, rapeseed, sugar and cotton; for example, CBOT (Chicago), MATIF (Paris), NYMEX 
(New York) and ICE (New York). These key commodities may be used as proxies for other products which the 
business markets, such as barley and sunflower oil, in respect of which a liquid derivatives market does not 
currently exist, and Viterra is accordingly able to hedge, albeit synthetically, the risk on these physical 
commodities’ positions using such proxy forward agreements and exchange traded futures.
Access to or ownership of processing assets enables Viterra to take advantage of the various price differentials 
for agricultural commodities. Processing assets are located in the Americas and Europe and mainly comprise 
oil seed crushing facilities, wheat mills, biodiesel production facilities and sugar cane mills.
Physical flows of product are shipped via trucks, trains and vessels. Logistical planning and chartering of dry-
bulk seaborne trade are performed in-house by a freight desk which provides initial quotes for the freight 
associated with each shipment. The in-house freight desk trades and hedges freight and shipping capacity 
positions for both the division’s dry-bulk shipping needs and for third parties. Viterra’s logistical assets include 
in-land and port elevators, silos and wagons.

--- Page 134 ---
134
Viterra has three categories of competitor: large multinational merchants (Cargill, ADM, Bunge and Louis 
Dreyfus Group), smaller, more regionally focused merchants and local companies with a single country focus, 
primarily in Russia, Ukraine, Argentina, Canada, Australia and Brazil.
Russia/Ukraine Conflict
While the majority of Viterra’s business is located outside Russia and Ukraine, Viterra has operations in those 
countries. Its operations in Ukraine have been interrupted by the Russia/Ukraine conflict that commenced in 
February 2022 and a continuation of the conflict may have a material adverse effect on them. Viterra continues 
to operate its existing businesses in Russia in compliance with all existing sanctions. However, it has suspended 
any new development and expansion projects in the region. As the situation is highly complex and any impact 
on Viterra remains uncertain, no reasonable estimate of its financial effect can be made at the current time. 
Corporate Functions
Organisation
The business segments described above report to management at the corporate level and are supported by the 
finance, legal, risk, IT, human resources and compliance departments. 
The Group’s finance department is headed by the Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) based at the Group’s head 
office in Baar. Finance and accounting staff in each principal location (including Baar, New York, London, 
Beijing, Moscow, Toronto, Johannesburg, Sydney and Singapore) handle the day-to-day finance and 
accounting tasks related to the business activities conducted out of that location. The proximity of local finance 
and accounting staff to the Group’s industrial, marketing and logistics activities is important in order to ensure 
prompt and professional handling of the finance and accounting activities related to that specific commodity. 
The head office finance staff handle (i) funding activities based on the Group’s corporate credit, such as 
syndicated loan facilities and debt capital market transactions, (ii) coordination of the worldwide treasury, 
hedging and credit and exposure management activities, (iii) presentation of the Group’s financial statements 
to investors and rating agencies, (iv) relationships with its investors and with rating agencies and (v) assets and 
liabilities management of its consolidated balance sheet and compliance with covenants, if any. The head office 
accounting staff, together with personnel in certain key locations, are responsible for (a) financial accounting, 
including the preparation of the financial statements of the legal entities, (b) preparation of the Group’s 
consolidated financial statements, (c) management information related to the performance of each business 
segment, (d) reporting throughout the entire Group, (e) tax issues and (f) the worldwide relationship with its 
independent auditors.
The Group has a centralised legal department in the Group’s head office in Baar that sets the legal approach for 
the Group, monitors the Group’s overall legal function and provides legal services to the Group’s head office 
in Baar and various other offices and operations that do not have local legal personnel. There are some smaller 
legal teams that support specific business activities and offices, such as the freight and oil legal team in London. 
In addition, most of the larger Group operations have dedicated local legal personnel. The Group’s centralised 
legal department assists the Group in monitoring its overall liability profile associated with legal and regulatory 
matters, including liabilities that may be associated with the Group’s historical activities.
Office network
Relationships with producers and consumers of raw materials are the responsibility of senior employees who 
receive support from the Group’s global network of offices in more than 35 countries. These offices are located 
in major American, European, Asian, Australian, African and Middle Eastern natural resources producing and 
consuming markets.

--- Page 135 ---
135
Employees
As at 31 December 2022, the Group had approximately 140,000 employees and contractors worldwide.
Health and safety, environment, community and human rights
The Group’s approach to sustainability reflects its purpose to responsibly source the commodities that advance 
everyday life. The Group establishes and progresses good and consistent business practices and standards 
through its health, safety, environment, social performance and human rights (“HSEC&HR”) strategy, policies 
and procedures. Being a responsible operator, the Group strives to build a reputation for doing things the right 
way.
The Group’s sustainability approach sets out its ambitions against four core pillars: 

Health – becoming a leader in protecting and improving the wellness of the Group’s people and 
communities; 

Safety – becoming a leader in safety and create a workplace free from fatalities and injuries; 

Environment – becoming a leader in environmental performance; and 

Social performance and human rights – fostering socio-economic resilient communities and respect 
human rights everywhere the Group operates.
Each pillar has clearly defined strategic imperatives, objectives, policies, priority areas and targets. The Group 
reviews its sustainability approach annually to confirm that it continues to fulfil the needs of the business.
Governance of the Group sustainability strategy and framework rests with the Board HSEC&HR Committee, 
which formulates and recommends policies on these issues as they affect the Group’s operations. The Group’s 
senior management team, including the CEO and commodity business heads, are responsible for overseeing the 
implementation of the Group’s HSEC&HR strategy. 
The Group’s industrial assets, as well as marketing and logistics activities, are subject to a range of HSEC&HR 
laws and regulations. For its operations, the Group has HSEC&HR policies and management programmes in 
place to manage and ensure compliance, as well as to track and improve overall performance with the applicable 
local and international HSEC&HR laws and regulations. These measures are also used to identify deficiencies 
by providing appropriate information and specialist advice to determine appropriate corrective actions.
The Group’s HSEC&HR policies and management systems are embedded into the Group’s sustainability 
framework. The Group’s sustainability principles, guidance and policies are integrated throughout the business 
and give guidance on the standards the Group expects. Pursuant to this framework, the Group has published a 
Group Code of Conduct and Values (the “Code of Conduct”), providing a consistent set of principles that govern 
the actions, attitudes and decisions of Group employees and emphasising the Group’s values of safety, integrity, 
responsibility, openness, simplicity and entrepreneurialism. The Group also has an assurance plan, which is 
reviewed and approved annually by the Board, focusing on risks that have been identified via the Group’s 
catastrophic hazard management process. Assurance involves assessments carried out by subject matter experts 
against international best practices, with corrective action taken when appropriate and regular progress reports 
made to the Board.
In practice, the Group’s sustainability framework adds non-financial aspects to internal corporate reporting 
requirements, covering performance on societal, environmental and compliance indicators. Depending on the 
report subject matter, the Group may require annual, quarterly or monthly internal reporting or, for critical 
incidents, reporting within 24 hours. The Group also makes annual public sustainability reports, which align

--- Page 136 ---
136
with the Global Reporting Initiative’s reporting requirements, which aims to create conditions for the 
transparent and reliable exchange of sustainability information.
The Group seeks to ensure, where possible, that customers, suppliers, agents, service providers and contractors 
maintain business practices and procedures which meet the Group’s performance and behavioural expectations, 
consistent with the Group’s sustainability strategy and Code of Conduct. The Group also uses its influence to 
raise awareness and consideration of the basic principles within its joint ventures and entities in which it has 
non-controlling stakes.
Where the Group’s sustainability framework applies, employees are required to understand and comply with 
the principles of the Code of Conduct. The Group’s managers are responsible for ensuring compliance, carrying 
out periodic assessments, management reviews and reviews of corrective action plans. The Group applies 
appropriate controls, scaled for different levels of materiality in different areas of the Group, and regularly 
benchmarks its achievements against targets and expectations, taking corrective action where necessary.
Health and safety
In line with its values, the Group’s first priority in the workplace is to protect the health and wellbeing of all its 
workforce and bring about continuous improvement in the prevention of occupational disease and injuries. The 
Group takes a proactive, preventative approach towards health and safety, and believes that all fatalities, injuries 
and occupational diseases are preventable.
The Group requires an effective safety management system at each industrial asset to assure the integrity of its 
plants, equipment, structures, processes and proactive systems, as well as the monitoring and review of critical 
controls. The Group’s operations have developed, implemented and maintained health and safety management 
systems and programmes which meet international standards and applicable regulatory requirements. These are 
tailored to the specific needs of the Group’s operations and activities. Performance is regularly monitored by 
tracking injuries, lost days, fatalities, near-miss events and various other indicators. This information is used as 
the basis for continuous improvement programmes, training and improvement of the integrity and safety of 
workplaces, as well as mobile or stationary equipment. 
The Group’s SafeWork framework supports changing attitudes towards safety and bringing about long-term 
sustainable change that promotes the elimination of fatalities and serious injuries. The initiative’s aim is to 
provide everyone within the Group’s business with the knowledge and tools to perform every task safely. In 
2021, SafeWork was relaunched as part of the Group’s fatality reduction programme.
The Group’s occupational health management strategy addresses the health risks facing the workforce, their 
families and the communities where the Groups operates. The Group uses a variety of onsite programmes to 
manage occupational diseases and exposure to health hazards and extends many of these health programmes to 
host communities to combat regional health issues and promote healthy lifestyles. 
The Group is also focused on catastrophic hazards, which are those that could result in a catastrophic event with 
consequences across the HSEC&HR pillars, and include those relating to safety, process safety, human rights, 
environment and tailings. Catastrophic events that take place in the natural resource sector can have disastrous 
impacts on workers, communities, the environment and corporate reputation, as well as having substantial 
financial cost.
The Group recognises the exceptional nature of catastrophic events, and has developed specific programmes to 
actively identify, monitor and mitigate catastrophic hazards within the business, such as risks associated with 
the management of tailings storage facilities. In this instance, Tailings Storage Facilities Policy requires the 
control of these hazards at all times. The Group ensures that those who might be directly exposed have 
appropriate awareness of such hazards, along with other legitimate stakeholders.

--- Page 137 ---
137
The Group reviews its catastrophic risks to understand whether they are adequately controlled. The Group 
requires its assets to put in place appropriate management and mitigation measures. Assurance on catastrophic 
hazards is developed in line with the Group-wide catastrophic hazard programme. The Board receives and 
reviews all assurance findings.
The Group targets zero major or catastrophic environmental incidents, which was achieved in 2022 and in the 
first half of 2023.
Environmental impact
The Group’s operations are geographically widespread and extremely diverse in nature, including prospecting, 
production, reclamation, processing, storage, transportation and marketing of natural resources. This means that 
the potential environmental impact of the Group’s operations is complex and specific to different commodity 
groups or production sites.
The Group is aware of the increasing regulatory pressure and societal demand for a low emission economy to 
address the global climate change situation and is integrating this into existing resource efficiency programmes 
at its operations. 
The Group complies with applicable laws, regulations and other requirements for environmental management. 
In order to manage and limit the environmental impact of its controlled extractive activities, the Group has 
environmental management systems which are used to monitor environmental aspects of its operations. The 
Group’s controlled extractive assets carry out internal and external environmental audits from time to time.
The Group also looks to promote environmental awareness in its non-controlled industrial activities and works 
in partnership with its customers, suppliers and service providers to limit the overall environmental impact 
along the entire supply chain. The Group furthermore acknowledges that managing the environmental 
compliance and impact of the Group’s operations is a dynamic process as the international and local regulatory 
environment is changing regularly.
The measures implemented by national and intra-national governments, as well as public sentiment, are likely 
to drive public policy developments and programmes that restrict global GHG emissions. These measures are 
likely to affect the Group’s business and present both risks and opportunities for the Group. The transition to a 
low carbon economy and associated regulatory developments may affect the development or maintenance of 
the Group’s industrial assets due to restrictions in operating permits, licenses or similar authorisations. The 
Group plays an active and constructive role in public policy development on carbon and energy issues and 
supports a pragmatic and practical global approach that prioritises a low-cost, logical transition towards lower 
global emissions. 
The Group is a significant energy consumer and its use of fuel and power is a key input and cost to its business 
as well as being a material source of its carbon emissions. As a global patchwork of energy and climate change 
regulation evolves, the Group monitors international and national developments and has incorporated both 
energy costs and its emissions into its annual planning process. The Group’s commodity departments are 
required to provide energy and GHG emissions forecasts for each industrial asset over the forward budget 
period and provide details of any mitigation projects that may reduce emissions, including identifying and 
developing renewable energy generation opportunities. 
Assessing climate change-related risks is part of the Group’s risk management and strategy development 
processes. Effective and strategic management of climate change-related risks and opportunities across all 
aspects of its business is vital to its continued ability to operate. The Group integrates risk management 
throughout its business using a structured risk management process that establishes a common methodology for 
identifying, assessing, treating and monitoring risks. In 2020, the Group conducted assessments of physical and 
regulatory risks to its operations as well as the mitigating actions, detailed in the Climate Report 2020: Pathway

--- Page 138 ---
138
to net zero. In 2021 and 2022, the Group released reports describing its progress in implementing its climate 
transition action plan. The Group targets a 15 per cent. reduction of its industrial Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by 
the end of 2026 and a 50 per cent. reduction of its industrial Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions by the end of 2035, 
each compared to a 2019 baseline, which was restated in 2022 to account for material acquisitions and other 
changes, in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. The Group has also introduced a long-term ambition 
of achieving net zero industrial emissions by the end of 2050, assuming a supportive policy environment. The 
Group plans to achieve this by investing in its metals portfolio, limiting its coal production and supporting 
deployment of low emission technologies.
In line with its strategy, the Group has progressed the identification of carbon abatement opportunities across 
the portfolio and significantly expanded its MACC to include more than 14 million tonnes of potential Scope 1 
and 2 abatement initiatives. These potential initiatives range from renewable power purchases and on-site 
renewable power generation through to energy storage systems, operational efficiency initiatives and 
electrification. In addition, the Group has taken steps to grow its global recycling footprint and advance the 
circularity of critical minerals, through new partnerships and investments to expand its recycling capabilities. 
The Group’s carbon abatement initiatives have also advanced, with the environmental impact statement for a 
key carbon capture, utilisation and storage project progressing to public consultation. The Group plans to 
responsibly deplete its energy industrial assets over time, including the intended cessation of mining at at least 
12 coal mines during the period between 2019 and the end of 2035.
Communities and human rights
The Group recognises that mining can have an impact, both positive and negative, on the rights of workers and 
communities. The Group is also aware of the need to ensure unencumbered fair and transparent access to 
remedies for any stakeholder affected by its operations. 
The Group believes that its global presence and economic strength have a predominantly positive impact on its 
host communities. The Group’s activities contribute to national and regional economies, through the taxes and 
royalties that it pays and the socio-economic initiatives it supports, as well as by its prioritisation of local 
employment and procurement.
The Group requires its assets to develop transparent, constructive and inclusive relationships with their host 
communities. Each asset’s stakeholder engagement strategy identifies the societal impact of its activities, 
community concerns, needs and societal risks to its operations. The Group’s community development 
programmes are an integral part of its community and stakeholder engagement strategies and support various 
initiatives to deliver socio-economic benefits to those living around its operations. 
In 2020, the Group joined the Fair Cobalt Alliance, to help positively transform artisanal mining in the DRC 
and work towards eliminating child and forced labour, as well as other dangerous practices. Through its 
participation in the Fair Cobalt Alliance, the Group will support legitimate artisanal and small-scale mining 
(“ASM”) cooperatives in their endeavours to transform their practices and align themselves with international 
human rights practices, especially in the prevention of child labour. In addition to the new partnership with the 
Fair Cobalt Alliance, as a member of the Responsible Minerals initiative, the Group also participates in 
programmes to develop frameworks and standards that support responsible ASM. 
The Group also has mechanisms in place to receive grievances and concerns. All of the Group’s industrial assets 
are required to have grievance mechanisms that are accessible, accountable and fair, and which enable the 
Group’s stakeholders to raise concerns without fear of recrimination. The Group aligns its grievance 
mechanisms with the requirements of the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. Senior 
operational and departmental management and the Board’s health and safety, environment and communities 
committee receive regular reports on grievances and concerns. All grievances and concerns received are

--- Page 139 ---
139
registered and investigated, and the Group notifies complainants of the results of their grievance and/or 
complaint and implements any follow-up actions in a culturally and locally appropriate manner.
Respect for human rights is enshrined in the Code of Conduct, which lays out the essential requirements for its 
people. The Group’s Human Rights Policy reinforces this commitment. The Group also endorses and aligns its 
security procedures to the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights (the “Voluntary Principles”) 
published by the Voluntary Principles Initiative. 
The Group’s Human Rights Policy applies to all of its operations and offices over which it has operational 
control. The policy requires its operations to identify and assess risks of human rights breaches as part of the 
Group’s general risk assessment processes, which include baseline and impact studies at existing operations 
and due diligence on new operations and business partners. The Group’s policies and practice align with the 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the UN Guiding Principal, the UN Global Compact and the 
International Labour Organization’s core conventions.
The Group’s industrial assets are required to conduct regular human rights training for their workforce, with a 
focus on those employees in positions exposed to human rights concerns, such as security. This covers general 
human rights awareness during day-to-day activities for the Group’s wider workforce, as well as focused 
training on the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights for security employees and contractors.
In addition, some of the Group’s assets are located on or near the traditional territories of indigenous peoples. 
The Group’s approach aligns with the International Council on Mining and Metals (“ICMM”) Position 
Statement on indigenous people and mining, which requires mining projects located on lands traditionally 
owned by or under customary use of indigenous peoples to respect indigenous peoples’ rights, interests, special 
connections to lands and waters, and perspectives. ICMM members must adopt and apply engagement and 
consultation processes that ensure the meaningful participation of indigenous communities in decision-making. 
The Group seeks, through good faith negotiation, to reach agreements with indigenous peoples who maintain 
an interest in, or connection to the land on which the Group operates, formalising engagement processes and 
sustainable benefits.
Responsible sourcing
Some of the Group’s products are vital to today’s society, including through their use in devices that are part of 
everyday activities. The Group recognises that its relationships with its customers depend on it being a 
responsible supplier that delivers and markets competitively priced commodities in a timely manner while 
incorporating health, safety, environmental and human rights considerations throughout its supply chain.
The Group’s suppliers are critical partners in its commitment to operate in a manner that is responsible, 
transparent and respects the human rights of all. The Group’s Supplier Code of Conduct sets out the Group’s 
requirements and expectations of its suppliers. The Group undertakes due diligence of current and potential 
suppliers to understand their business practices using a risk-based approach. If the Group identifies 
unacceptable risks, it agrees a set of corrective actions with the supplier. 
The Supplier Code of Conduct and the Responsible Sourcing Policy, implemented in the first half of 2022, form 
the basis of the Group’s risk-based supply chain due diligence programme, which aligns with the OECD’s Due 
Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas 
(“CAHRA”). The Group’s risk assessment and management strategy identifies and assesses risks, including 
those relating to CAHRA. 
Additionally, the Group has provided input into the drafting of the Copper Mark and RMI’s Joint Due Diligence 
Standard for base metals. The standard enables companies to comply with the London Metal Exchange 
Responsible Sourcing requirements. The Group’s participation in developing this standard enabled it to share 
its current sourcing practices for base metals, as well as to reinforce the leading position of its listed brands in

--- Page 140 ---
140
the metals markets. The Group complies with a number of responsible sourcing standards and requirements, 
including those of the LME, LBMA and the RMI.
Insurance
The Group maintains a number of key insurance policies that it believes are commercially appropriate to cover 
various risks associated with its business operations. The Group’s insurance policies are underwritten through 
Lloyd’s and other major European and international insurance companies. The Group maintains an insurance 
portfolio that covers both liability exposures and physical assets, some of which are insured through a wholly 
owned captive insurance company, Harbour Insurance Pte Ltd.
The Group’s global insurance policies cover its marketing activities and industrial assets (subject to some local 
insurance cover) and are either purchased centrally by the Group or locally at subsidiary level (depending on 
local legal requirements). The Group’s principal global insurance policies include property damage and 
business interruption, charterer’s legal liability, marine cargo, protection and indemnity, hull and machinery, 
excess oil pollution liability, political risk (in respect of oil in storage and/or in transit only), offshore liabilities, 
piracy, general third-party liability and directors’ and officers’ liability insurance.
The Group has relationships with a number of insurance brokers that have been selected for their better market 
representation in particular classes of insurance or relationships with either local or international underwriters. 
By using different brokers, the Group believes that it receives better service in respect of policy placements, 
premium costs, advice and assistance on claims. Although the Group does not set its own minimum financial 
security ratings in respect of insurers or brokers, it verifies and confirms ratings and suitability during the course 
of renewal discussions.
Compliance
The Group is committed to maintaining a culture of ethical behaviour and compliance throughout the Group, 
rather than simply performing the minimum required by laws and regulations. The Group does not knowingly 
assist any third party in breaching the law, or participate in any criminal, fraudulent or corrupt practice in any 
country. 
To support this, the Group’s Ethics and Compliance Programme includes risk assessments, policies, standards, 
procedures and guidelines, training and awareness, advice, monitoring, speaking openly and investigations. The 
Group works with leading advisers to ensure that it is aligned with international best practices, and the Group 
follows guidance from relevant authorities. The Group’s employees, directors and officers, as well as 
contractors under the Group’s direct supervision, working for a Group office or industrial asset directly or 
indirectly controlled or operated by the Group worldwide, must comply with the Group Code of Conduct and 
relevant policies and procedures, as well as applicable laws and regulations, regardless of location. When the 
Group enters into joint ventures where it is not the operator, the Group seeks to influence its partners to adopt 
similar policies and procedures to its own wherever possible.
The Board of Directors plays a critical role in overseeing and assessing the Group’s culture of ethics and 
compliance, and ensuring policies, practices and behaviour are consistent with the Group’s values. The Board 
has established a separate Ethics, Culture and Compliance committee (the “ECC Committee”), dedicated to 
overseeing and approving key ethics, compliance and culture-related matters within the Group. The Group 
provides training to the Board emphasising the role of the Board in the oversight and implementation of an 
effective ethics and compliance programme. Furthermore, the ECC Committee receives quarterly updates on 
the programme. These updates cover all focus areas (including anti-corruption, sanctions) and topics such as 
compliance team structure, status of risk assessments, policies, standards, procedures or guidelines under 
development or review, updates on training and awareness activities, overview of monitoring visits and key

--- Page 141 ---
141
findings. The Board members also receive updates on material investigations and reports into the Group’s 
‘Raising Concerns’ programme, which is available for employees to raise, in confidence, any concerns 
regarding situations where the Group’s Code of Conduct, policies, procedures or applicable laws appear to have 
been breached. 
The following management committees also support the implementation of the Group Ethics and Compliance 
Programme and report to the Board:
The Environment, Social and Governance Committee (the “ESG Committee”) comprises the Group’s CEO, 
CFO, Head of Industrial Assets, General Counsel, Head of Compliance, Head of Human Resources, Head of 
HSEC and Human Rights, and Head of Sustainability. It also includes senior members of executive 
management representing marketing and industrial assets across different commodities. The ESG Committee 
considers issues relevant to the Group’s corporate functions regarding the various ESG programmes and 
projects implemented across the Group. It also reviews and approves policies, standards, procedures, systems 
and controls relevant to the corporate functions.
The Business Approval Committee is a subcommittee of the ESG Committee and determines, sets guidance 
and criteria, and reviews business relationships, transactions or counterparties that give rise to ethical or 
reputational concerns.
The Raising Concerns Investigations Committee oversees the operation of the Group Raising Concerns 
programme and the conduct of investigations, ensuring recommendations and sanctions are applied consistently 
across the Group.
In order to ensure the Ethics and Compliance Programme is appropriately designed, tailored to the Group’s 
business and that resources are adequately allocated, the Group identifies, assesses and evaluates compliance 
risks faced by the business. The Group achieves this by performing an annual Group compliance risk assessment 
to identify, record and assess risks relevant to the entire Group. These risks are documented consistently in the 
Group compliance risk register which covers several risk areas, but focuses in particular on anti-corruption, 
given the nature of the Group’s business and the geographies in which it operates. In addition, these risks are 
assessed, at appropriate intervals, across each office and industrial asset across the Group. Local risk 
assessments help the Group to understand and document the specific compliance risks faced by each of the 
Group’s businesses, as well as identify and assess the controls in place to mitigate the risks. These risks 
assessments also form the basis for the drafting Group policies, standards, procedures and guidelines. 
The Group’s policy framework encompasses its values, Code of Conduct, policies, procedures and guidelines 
on various compliance topics including bribery and corruption, conflicts of interest, sanctions, anti-money 
laundering, market conduct, the prevention the facilitation of tax evasion, competition law, fraud and 
information governance. This framework reflects the Group’s commitment to uphold ethical business practices 
and to meet or exceed applicable laws and external requirements. The Group emphasises their importance in its 
business activities, including recruitment and induction. Training on and awareness of the Group’s policies, 
procedures and guidelines, as well as strong leadership, are critical components of its Ethics Compliance 
Programme. They ensure the Group’s employees understand the behaviour expected of them and provide 
guidance on how they can identify and practically approach legal and ethical dilemmas in their daily work. The 
Group’s training programmes mix e-learning with face-to-face training. The Group tailors its training and 
awareness materials and make them relevant by including hypothetical scenarios illustrating how ethics and 
compliance dilemmas might manifest themselves in employees’ daily work.
Employees can access the compliance policies, standards, procedures and guidelines through various channels, 
including the Group intranet or the local intranet of the specific office or asset at which they work. The Group’s 
managers and supervisors are responsible for ensuring employees understand and comply with the policies, 
standards and procedures. The Group monitors and tests their implementation on a regular basis. Employees

--- Page 142 ---
142
and contractors who have access to a work computer must confirm their awareness and understanding of the 
Group’s compliance requirements when they begin working at Glencore and annually thereafter. Certain offices 
and assets implement their own policies, procedures and guidelines in addition to those of the Group, which are 
designed to address specific local risks and requirements while being consistent with Group policies.
The Group regularly monitors and tests the implementation of the Group Ethics and Compliance Programme 
in order to determine its effectiveness, and that it is operationalised and embedded into the business operations. 
The monitoring activities also enable the Group to identify opportunities for improvement that help develop 
and evolve the programme and respond to changes to its business, to the environments it operates in and to 
applicable laws and regulations.
Risk management
Risk management and control spans across the Group’s organisational structure. The Board has been and will 
further be involved in the risk management of the Group at a strategic level. The CEO engages in an ongoing 
interrogatory exchange with the management team as a primary oversight of Group risk, supported in this 
function by the Group risk management team, multi sourced risk reporting and the Chief Risk Officer. This 
support, among other things, relates to consolidated risk reporting, coordination of Group and departmental 
VaR, stress, scenario and other testing, reviewing and challenging the evaluation models and, in conjunction 
with departmental teams, input parameters used by commodity departments. The departments and Group risk 
team further engage in a dialogue concerning general aspects of risk management policy and reporting. The 
audit committee also plays a key role in managing the Group’s operational risk and verifying process controls.
The Group’s business could be impacted by various external factors; for example, political events and 
unfavourable actions by governments, natural catastrophes and operational disruptions. The Group’s activities 
expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including commodity price risk, interest rate risk and 
currency risk), credit risk (including performance risk) and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management 
programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to protect its financial security and 
flexibility by using derivative financial instruments substantially to hedge these risks. Among others, the Group 
monitors its commodity price risk exposure using a VaR computation and assesses the open positions, which 
are those subject to price risks, including inventories of these commodities. The Group’s finance and risk 
professionals, working in coordination with the commodity departments, monitor, manage and report regularly 
to management on the financial risks and exposures the Group is facing. Responsibility for reviewing the overall 
effectiveness of the Group’s system of internal controls and risk management systems lies with the audit 
committee.
Legal and Regulatory 
Investigations by Regulatory and Enforcement Authorities
The Group is subject to certain investigations by regulatory and enforcement authorities, including as described 
below.
The OAG of Switzerland is investigating Glencore International AG for failure to have the organisational 
measures in place to prevent alleged corruption. The Dutch authorities are conducting a criminal investigation 
into Glencore International AG related to potential corruption pertaining to the DRC. The scope of the Dutch 
investigation is similar to that of the OAG investigation. The Dutch authorities are coordinating their 
investigation with the OAG of Switzerland and the Group would expect any possible resolution to avoid 
duplicative penalties for the same conduct. The timing and outcome of the OAG and Dutch investigations 
remain uncertain. The Group is continuing to cooperate with these authorities.

--- Page 143 ---
143
On 24 May 2022, the Company announced that it had resolved previously disclosed investigations by authorities 
in the United States, the United Kingdom and Brazil into past activities in certain Group businesses related to 
bribery, and separate U.S. investigations related to market manipulation. The Company cooperated with these 
investigations. 
In an agreement with the United States DOJ, Glencore International AG agreed to pay U.S.$428,521,173 in 
fines and U.S.$272,185,792 in forfeiture and disgorgement and has pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy 
to violate the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) related to the Group’s past actions in certain 
overseas jurisdictions. The Company will pay U.S.$262,590,214 to the United States, with up to 
U.S.$136,236,140 to be credited against the resolution with UK authorities and up to U.S.$29,694,819 to be 
credited against any potential resolution with Swiss authorities, both in connection with investigations into 
related conduct. The DOJ resolution provides for forfeiture of U.S.$181,457,195 and credits Glencore for 
U.S.$90,728,597 in disgorgement to the CFTC. As provided for in the DOJ agreement, the Company appointed 
an independent compliance monitor for a period of three years to assess and monitor the Company’s compliance 
with the terms of the agreement and evaluate the effectiveness of its compliance programme and internal 
controls. 
In a separate agreement with the DOJ, Glencore Ltd. agreed to pay a fine of U.S.$341,221,682 and forfeiture 
of U.S.$144,417,203 and has pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit commodity price 
manipulation related to past market conduct in certain U.S. fuel oil markets. Of this amount, U.S.$242,819,443 
will be credited against the resolution with the CFTC. As provided for in the DOJ agreement, the Company 
appointed an independent compliance monitor for a period of three years to assess and monitor the Company’s 
compliance with the terms of the agreement and evaluate the effectiveness of its compliance programme and 
internal controls.
Glencore International AG, Glencore Ltd. and Chemoil Corporation (a Glencore subsidiary) reached a separate 
agreement to resolve an investigation by the CFTC in relation to civil violations of the United States Commodity 
Exchange Act and CFTC regulations, in connection with past market conduct in certain U.S. fuel oil markets 
as well as past corrupt practices in certain overseas jurisdictions. The companies agreed to pay 
U.S.$333,548,040 in civil penalties and disgorgement to the CFTC, with the U.S.$852,797,810 balance of the 
penalty to the CFTC being offset against penalties imposed by other authorities. 
Glencore International AG separately agreed to pay U.S.$40 million under a resolution signed with the 
Ministério Público Federal (the “MPF”) in Brazil in connection with the investigation by the MPF into certain 
Glencore affiliates in relation to bribery allegations concerning the Brazilian state-owned energy company 
Petrobras arising from the “Operation Car Wash” global probe. On 21 June 2022, Glencore Energy UK Limited 
pled guilty to charges brought by the UK SFO in respect of its bribery investigation and on 3 November 2022, 
it was sentenced to pay a financial penalty and costs of £281 million. 
In December 2022, the Company announced that it had reached an agreement with the DRC covering past 
conduct. This includes activities in certain Group businesses that have been the subject of various investigations 
by, amongst others, the DOJ and the DRC’s National Financial Intelligence Unit and Ministry of Justice. Under 
the agreement, Glencore International AG, on behalf of its Congolese-associated companies, paid the DRC 
U.S.$180 million and will continue to implement in the DRC the Ethics and Compliance Programme the 
Company committed to continue to implement in its resolution with the DOJ. The agreement is governed by 
Congolese law and the only admissions made are in respect of the conduct already acknowledged in Glencore’s 
resolution with the DOJ.
The Group has settled the amounts due to the CFTC, the DOJ and the UK SFO and expects to settle the amounts 
due to the Brazilian FPO during the second half of 2023.

--- Page 144 ---
144
The Group notes that other authorities may commence investigations against the Group in connection with the 
resolved investigations or the matters under investigation. In respect of these investigations or claims, taking 
into account all available evidence, the Investigations Committee does not consider it probable that a present 
obligation existed in relation to these investigations or claims as at 30 June 2023, and the amount of any 
financial effects, which could be material, is not currently possible to predict or estimate.
Claims in Connection with Investigations by Regulatory and Enforcement Authorities
Claims have been issued against the Group in the United Kingdom in connection with the various government 
investigations, constituting claims on behalf of approximately 350 current and former shareholders. The claims 
are, inter alia, made under section 90 of FSMA relating to prospectus liability, while certain claimants currently 
include section 90A FSMA claims relating to misstatements in other information by the Company, and/or 
dishonest delay in publishing information. The bases for the claims are that the prospectuses issued in 2011 and 
2013 and other published information by the Company were untrue, misleading or contained omissions. The 
Group may be the subject of further legal claims brought by other parties in connection with the government 
investigations, including collective, group or representative actions. In respect of these claims, taking into 
account all available evidence, the Investigations Committee does not consider it probable that a present 
obligation existed in relation to these claims as at 30 June 2023, and the amount of any financial effects, which 
could be material, is not currently possible to predict or estimate.
Other Claims and Disputes
Other claims, potential claims and unresolved disputes are open or pending against the Group, however, based 
on the Group’s current assessment of these matters any future individually material financial obligations are 
considered to be remote.
EN+
The Group has a 10.6 per cent. interest in EN+ (as at 31 December 2022), a combined power producer and 
vertically integrated aluminium producer listed on the London Stock Exchange with significant assets in the 
Russian Federation, including a 26.25 per cent. stake in Norilsk Nickel, the world’s largest producer of nickel 
and palladium and one of the largest producers of platinum and copper. EN+ is a significant supplier to the 
Group’s aluminium marketing operations. EN+ was designated as an SDN by the U.S. Department of the 
Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) in April 2018 but the SDN designation was removed in 
January 2019. The Group has reviewed its business activities in Russia, including its equity stake in EN+, and 
is unable to ascribe probabilities to possible outcomes of any potential exit process in the current environment.
Management
Board of Directors
The Directors of the Company are as follows and their profiles are set out below: 
Name
Age
Role
Kalidas Madhavpeddi
68
Non-Executive Chairman
Gary Nagle
48
CEO
Gill Marcus
74
Senior Independent Director
Martin Gilbert
68
Independent Non-Executive Director
Cynthia Carroll
66
Independent Non-Executive Director
Peter Coates AO 
77
Non-Executive Director

--- Page 145 ---
145
David Wormsley
62
Independent Non-Executive Director
Liz Hewitt
66
Independent Non-Executive Director
Kalidas Madhavpeddi, age 68 (Non-Executive Chairman)
Kalidas Madhavpeddi has over 40 years of experience in the international mining industry, including being 
CEO of China Molybdenum International (China Moly) from 2008-2018. He started his career at Phelps Dodge, 
where he worked from 1980 to 2006, ultimately becoming senior vice president and was responsible for the 
company’s global business development, acquisitions and divestments, as well as its global exploration 
programs.
Mr Madhavpeddi is currently a director of Novagold Resources, Trilogy Metals and Dundee Precious Metals 
Inc. He was formerly director and chair of the governance committee of Capstone Mining.
He holds degrees from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras, India and the University of Iowa and has 
completed the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School.
Gary Nagle, age 48 (CEO)
Gary Nagle joined Glencore in 2000 in Switzerland as part of the coal business development team. He was 
heavily involved in seeding a portfolio of assets to Xstrata in 2002, in conjunction with its initial listing on the 
London Stock Exchange. Mr Nagle then worked for five years (2008-2013) in Colombia as CEO of Prodeco. 
He then moved to South Africa to be Head of Glencore’s Ferroalloys assets (2013-2018). Following that he 
was the Head of Glencore’s Coal Assets based in Australia. He was a non-executive director of Lonmin plc 
from 2013-2015 and has represented Glencore on the Minerals Councils of Australia and Colombia.
Mr Nagle has commerce and accounting degrees from the University of the Witwatersrand and qualified as a 
Chartered Accountant in South Africa in 1999.  
Gill Marcus, age 74 (Senior Independent Director)
Gill Marcus worked in exile for the African National Congress from 1970 before returning to South Africa in 
1990. In 1994 she was elected to the South African Parliament. In 1996 she was appointed as the Deputy 
Minister of Finance and from 1999-2004 was the Deputy Governor of the Reserve Bank. She was Governor of 
the South African Reserve Bank from 2009-2014.
Ms Marcus was the non-executive chair of the Absa Group from 2007-2009 and has been a non-executive 
director of Gold Fields Ltd and Bidvest. She has acted as chair of a number of South African regulatory bodies.
From 2018 to 2019, she was appointed to the Judicial Commission of Inquiry into allegations of impropriety at 
the Public Investment Corporation.
Ms Marcus is a graduate of the University of South Africa. 
Martin Gilbert, age 68 (Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Martin Gilbert co-founded Aberdeen Asset Management in 1983, leading the company for 34 years and 
overseeing its 2017 merger with Standard Life, when he was made co-CEO. 
Mr Gilbert is currently chairman of AssetCo plc, Revolut Limited, Toscafund and Saranac Partners. He was 
formerly deputy chair of the board of Sky PLC until 2018. 
Mr Gilbert is a member of the International Advisory Board of British American Business. 
Mr Gilbert was educated in Aberdeen. He has an LLB, an M.A. in Accountancy and is a Chartered Accountant.

--- Page 146 ---
146
Cynthia Carroll, age 66 (Independent Non-Executive Director) 
Cynthia Carroll has over 30 years of experience in the resources sector. She began her career as an exploration 
geologist at Amoco before joining Alcan. She held various executive roles there culminating in being CEO of 
the Primary Metal Group, Alcan’s core business. From 2007 to 2013 she served as CEO of Anglo American 
plc.
Ms Carroll is currently a non-executive director of Hitachi, Ltd, Baker Hughes Company and Pembina Pipeline 
Corporation.
Ms Carroll holds a Bachelor’s degree in Geology from Skidmore College (NY), a Master’s degree in Geology 
from the University of Kansas and an MBA from Harvard University. She is a fellow of the Royal Academy of 
Engineers and a Fellow of the Institute of Materials, Minerals and Mining. 
Peter Coates AO, age 77 (Non-Executive Director)
Peter Coates worked in senior positions in a range of resource companies before joining Glencore’s coal unit 
as a senior executive in 1994. When Glencore sold its Australian and South African coal assets to Xstrata in 
2002, he became CEO of Xstrata’s coal business, stepping down in December 2007. 
He is currently a non-executive director of Event Hospitality and Entertainment Ltd.
He was non-executive chairman of Xstrata Australia from 2008-2009, Minara Resources Ltd from 2008-2011 
and Santos Ltd from 2009-2013 and 2015-2018. 
Mr Coates holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mining Engineering from the University of New South Wales. 
He was appointed as an Officer of the Order of Australia in June 2009 and awarded the Australasian Institute 
of Mining and Metallurgy Medal for 2010.
David Wormsley, age 62 (Independent Non-Executive Director)
David Wormsley worked in investment banking for 35 years. His last position at Citigroup was Chairman, UK 
banking and broking when he retired in March 2021. Mr Wormsley worked and lead a wide variety of corporate 
transactions in the UK and internationally, including IPOs and equity fundraising, both public and private, 
mergers and acquisitions and debt financing. During his period of management, Citigroup successfully acquired 
and integrated the majority of ABN Amro’s broking business. Under his leadership, the Citigroup UK M&A 
franchise has ranked between number 1 and 5 in the market.
Mr Wormsley is currently a non-executive director of Stanhope plc and a Governor of the Museum of London. 
He holds an economics degree from Downing College, Cambridge.
Liz Hewitt, age 66 (Independent Non-Executive Director)
Liz Hewitt has over 30 years’ business experience in executive and non-executive positions. She began her 
career as a qualified chartered accountant with Arthur Andersen & Co. She held various executive positions in 
private equity companies including 3i Group plc, Gartmore Investment Management Limited and Citicorp 
Venture Capital Ltd. At 3i Group plc, she was a private equity investor and then director of corporate affairs. 
She also worked for Smith & Nephew plc as group director of corporate affairs.
Liz Hewitt is currently a non-executive director of National Grid plc and Silverwood Property Limited. She 
was previously non-executive director of Melrose Industries plc from 2013-2022, Novo Nordisk from 2012- 
2021 Savills plc from 2014-2019 and Synergy Health plc from 2011-2014.
Ms Hewitt is a UK Chartered Accountant with a bachelor’s degree in Economics from University College 
London.
The business address of each of the Directors of Glencore plc is Baarermattstrasse 3, 6341 Baar Switzerland.

--- Page 147 ---
147
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the Directors of Glencore plc has any conflict of interest between 
their duties to Glencore plc and their private interests and/or other duties.
Senior Manager
Steven Kalmin, age 52 (CFO) 
Steven Kalmin has been CFO since June 2005.
Mr Kalmin joined the Group in September 1999 as general manager of finance and treasury functions at the 
Group’s coal industrial unit in Sydney. He moved to the Group’s head office in 2003 to oversee the Group’s 
accounting functions, becoming CFO in June 2005. From November 2017 to June 2020 he was a director of 
Katanga Mining Limited. 
Mr Kalmin holds a Bachelor of Business (with distinction) from the University of Technology, Sydney and is 
a member of the Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand and the Financial Services Institute of 
Australasia. Before joining the Group, Mr Kalmin worked for nine years at Horwath Chartered Accountants. 
The business address of Mr Kalmin is Baarermattstrasse 3, 6341 Baar Switzerland. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Kalmin does not have any other principal activities outside of the 
Group and Mr Kalmin does not have any conflict of interest between his duties to Glencore plc and his private 
interests and/or other duties.
Auditors
Deloitte LLP, London has been appointed as statutory auditor to Glencore plc since its incorporation.
Financial Statements
Glencore plc prepares and publishes annual consolidated audited financial statements in accordance with IFRS. 
All such financial statements may be obtained at the specified offices of the Paying Agents during normal 
business hours for at least two financial years.
Financial Year
The financial year end of Glencore plc is 31 December.
Interests of significant shareholders
Taking into account the information available to the Company as at 30 June 2023, the table below shows the 
Company’s understanding of the interests in 3 per cent. or more of the total voting rights attaching to its issued 
ordinary share capital: 
Shareholder
Number of 
Shares
Percentage of 
Total Voting
Rights
Ivan Glasenberg ..........................................................................................................
1,211,957,850
9.76
Qatar Holding LLC .....................................................................................................
1,046,550,951
8.43
BlackRock Inc.............................................................................................................
913,007,380
7.35

--- Page 148 ---
148
At 30 June 2023, the Company’s issued ordinary share capital was 13,700,000,000, comprising 12,412,281,508 
shares with voting rights and 1,287,718,492 shares held in treasury.
Save as disclosed above, the Company was not aware of any person who, as at 30 June 2023, directly or 
indirectly, has a holding which exceeds the threshold of 3 per cent. of the total voting rights attaching to the 
issued ordinary share capital of the Company.
Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2023, the Company was not aware of any person or persons who directly, 
indirectly, jointly or severally exercise or could exercise control over the Company, nor is it aware of any 
arrangements the operation of which may, at a subsequent date, result in a change in control of the Group.
None of the Company’s major shareholders have, nor is this any proposal for them to have, different voting 
rights attached to the ordinary shares they hold.

--- Page 149 ---
149
DESCRIPTION OF GLENCORE INTERNATIONAL AG
General
Glencore International AG was incorporated in Switzerland under Swiss law on 12 June 1987 as a private 
company limited by shares, and is registered in Switzerland with registration number CHE-106.909.694. The 
registered office of Glencore International AG is at Baarermattstrasse 3, CH-6340 Baar, Switzerland, and its 
telephone number is: +41 41 709 2000.
Glencore International AG is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. 
Each Issuer is a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Glencore International AG. 
Glencore International AG is one of the main operating entities of the Group and the direct or indirect holding 
entity for many of the operating and finance subsidiaries and industrial investments of the Group. 
Glencore International AG is a guarantor of a substantial portion of the Group’s total indebtedness.
Glencore International AG’s principal business is to act as one of the main operating companies of the Group, 
the description and activities of which are set out under “Description of the Company and the Group”.
Management
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the board of directors of Glencore International AG and 
their other principal activities outside of the Group were as follows: 
Name
Position
Other Principal Activities
Gary Nagle
Chairman
None
John Burton
Board Member
None
Steven Kalmin
Board Member
None
The business address of each of the directors is Baarermattstrasse 3, CH-6340 Baar, Switzerland.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the members of the board of directors of Glencore International 
AG has any conflict of interest between their duties to Glencore International AG and their private interests 
and/or other duties. 
Auditors
Deloitte AG, Zurich, Switzerland has been appointed as statutory auditor to Glencore International AG for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022.
Financial Statements
Glencore International AG prepares annual non-consolidated audited financial statements in accordance with 
Swiss Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“Swiss GAAP”) only.
Financial Year
The financial year end of Glencore International AG is 31 December.

--- Page 150 ---
150
DESCRIPTION OF GLENCORE (SCHWEIZ) AG
General
Glencore (Schweiz) AG was incorporated under the name of Revolution AG in Switzerland under Swiss law 
on 21 December 2001 as a private company limited by shares, and is registered in Switzerland with registered 
number CHE-109.435.971. On 27 February 2002, it was renamed Xstrata (Schweiz) AG, and, on 7 November 
2013, as part of a general corporate reorganisation following the Acquisition, Xstrata (Schweiz) AG was 
renamed Glencore (Schweiz) AG. The registered office of Glencore (Schweiz) AG is c/o Glencore International 
AG, Baarermattstrasse 3, CH-6341 Baar, Switzerland, and its telephone number is: +41 41 709 2000. 
Glencore (Schweiz) AG is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
Glencore (Schweiz) AG is the direct or indirect holding entity for the majority of legacy Xstrata entities. While 
the purpose of Glencore (Schweiz) AG is mainly to act as a holding company, it also participates in financing 
activities and is a guarantor of a substantial portion of the Group’s total indebtedness.
Management
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of the board of directors of Glencore (Schweiz) AG and 
their principal activities outside the Group were as follows: 
Name
Position
Other Principal Activities
John Burton
Board Member
None
Stephan Huber
Chairman
None
Martin Häring
Board Member
None
Carlos Perezagua
Board Member
None
The business address of the directors is Baarermattstrasse 3, CH-6340 Baar, Switzerland.
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, none of the members of the board of directors of Glencore (Schweiz) 
AG has any conflict of interest between their duties to Glencore (Schweiz) AG and their private interests and/or 
other duties.
Auditor
Deloitte AG, Zurich, Switzerland is the statutory auditor to Glencore (Schweiz) AG for the financial years 
ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
Financial Statements
Glencore (Schweiz) AG prepares annual non-consolidated audited financial statements in accordance with 
Swiss GAAP only. 
Financial Year 
The financial year end of Glencore (Schweiz) AG is 31 December.

--- Page 151 ---
151
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
Notes may be sold from time to time by an Issuer to any one or more of Barclays Bank PLC, Barclays Bank 
Ireland PLC, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Credit Suisse International, Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch, HSBC Bank plc, HSBC Continental Europe and J.P. Morgan Securities plc (the “Dealers”). The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by an Issuer to, and purchased by, 
Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealership agreement dated 2 July 2021 (as further amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time, the “Dealership Agreement”), and made between each Issuer, each 
Guarantor and the Dealers. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and 
conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the 
commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the relevant Issuer in respect of such 
purchase. The Dealership Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the 
Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes.
United States of America
Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA 
is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms.
The Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in 
this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”).
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended and regulations thereunder.
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealership Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver 
the Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 
days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to 
which it sells Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto 
a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes and the Guarantees 
of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes and the Guarantees of the Notes 
comprising any Tranche, any offer or sale of Notes or Guarantees of the Notes within the United States by any 
dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities 
Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 152 ---
152
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For 
the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of the UK MiFIR; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that:
(a)
Financial promotion: It has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of 
any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantors; and
(b)
General compliance: It has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom.

--- Page 153 ---
153
Jersey 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not circulate in Jersey any offer for subscription, 
sale or exchange of the Notes except in compliance with all applicable Jersey laws, orders and regulations, 
including, without limitation, the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958.
Switzerland 
(a)
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that, subject to paragraph (b) below:
(i)
the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (the “FinSA”) and will not be admitted to trading 
on a trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland;
(ii)
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor any other offering or marketing material 
relating to any Notes (x) constitutes a prospectus compliant with the requirements of articles 
35 and 45 of the FinSA for a public offering of the Notes in Switzerland and no such 
prospectus has been or will be prepared for or in connection with the offering of the Notes in 
Switzerland or (y) has been or will be filed with or approved by a Swiss review body 
(Prüfstelle) pursuant to article 52 of the FinSA; and
(iii)
neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms nor other offering or marketing material 
relating to any Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
(b)
Notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, in respect of any Tranche of Notes to be issued, the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantors and the relevant Dealers may agree that (x) such Notes may be publicly offered 
in Switzerland within the meaning of the FinSA and/or (y) an application will be made by (or on behalf 
of) the relevant Issuer and the Guarantors to admit such Notes to trading on a trading venue (exchange 
or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland, provided that (i) the relevant Issuer and the Guarantors 
are able to rely, and are relying, on an exemption from the requirement to prepare and publish a 
prospectus under the FinSA in connection with such public offer and/or application for admission to 
trading, (ii) in the case of any such public offer, the relevant Dealers have agreed to comply with any 
restrictions applicable to the offer and sale of such Notes that must be complied with in order for the 
relevant Issuer and the Guarantors to rely on such exemption; and (iii) the applicable Final Terms will 
specify that such Notes may be publicly offered in Switzerland within the meaning of the FinSA and/or 
the trading venue in Switzerland to which an application will be made by (or on behalf of) the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantors to admit such Notes to trading thereon.
(c)
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that (i) no key information document 
(Basisinformationsblatt) pursuant to article 58 (1) of the FinSA (or any equivalent document under the 
FinSA) has been or will be prepared in relation to any Notes and (ii) therefore, any Notes with a 
derivative character within the meaning of article 86 (2) of the Swiss Financial Services Ordinance 
may not be offered or recommended to private clients within the meaning of the FinSA in Switzerland.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of

--- Page 154 ---
154
Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes 
or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or 
sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time 
(the “SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of 
Notes, the relevant Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 
309A(1) of the SFA), that the Notes are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).
France
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes in France and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only 
distribute or cause to be distributed in France, the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other 
offering material relating to the Notes to qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus

--- Page 155 ---
155
Regulation. This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des 
marchés financiers.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each Dealer 
has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used 
herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan) or to others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.
Ireland 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that:
(a)
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions 
of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended, the “MiFID 
II Regulations”), including, without limitation, Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain 
provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof or any codes of conduct made under the MiFID II 
Regulations, and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended);
(b)
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions 
of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the “Companies Act”), the Central Bank Acts 1942-2018 (as 
amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as 
amended);
(c)
it will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland in respect of, the Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) 
Regulations 2019 (S.I. No. 380 of 2019) of Ireland and any rules or guidance issued by the Central Bank 
of Ireland under Section 1363 of the Companies Act; and
(d)
it will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland in respect of, the Notes otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU 596/2014) (as amended), 
the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) of Ireland and any rules and 
guidance issued by the Central Bank of Ireland under Section 1370 of the Companies Act.
General
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in 
all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes 
are required by the Issuers, the Guarantors and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations 
in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute

--- Page 156 ---
156
or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own 
expense.
The Dealership Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” 
above.
The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under the 
Dealership Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes, including in the event that certain conditions 
precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on the Issue Date. In this situation, the issuance of the 
Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or Dealers in respect of any expense 
incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances.
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuers or the relevant Issuer 
(as applicable). Any such supplement or modification not relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes must 
be agreed by the Issuers and will be set out in a supplement to this document.

--- Page 157 ---
157
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain United Kingdom, Jersey, Switzerland and Ireland tax 
considerations relating to the Notes. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the Notes, whether in the United Kingdom, Jersey, Switzerland, Ireland or elsewhere. Prospective 
purchasers of the Notes should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries’ tax laws could be relevant 
to acquiring, holding and disposing of the Notes and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts under the Notes and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws in the United Kingdom, 
Jersey, Switzerland and Ireland. Although Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited is incorporated in Jersey, it is 
resident in the United Kingdom for tax purposes. Although Glencore Capital Finance DAC is incorporated in 
Ireland, it is resident in the United Kingdom for tax purposes. Although the Company is incorporated in Jersey, 
it is resident in Switzerland for tax purposes. 
This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change 
in law that may take effect after such date. The information contained within this section is limited to taxation 
issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas, including (but 
not limited to) the legality of transactions involving the Notes. 
United Kingdom Taxation 
General 
The comments below are of a general nature and are not intended to be exhaustive. They assume that there will 
be no substitution of an Issuer and do not address the consequences of any such substitution (notwithstanding 
that such substitution may be permitted by the terms and conditions of the Notes). The comments relate only to 
the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. Any Noteholders who are in doubt as 
to their own tax position should consult their professional advisers. Noteholders who may be liable to taxation 
in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom in respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes 
are particularly advised to consult their professional advisers as to whether they are so liable (and if so under 
the laws of which jurisdiction(s)), since the following comments relate only to certain United Kingdom taxation 
aspects of payments in respect of the Notes. In particular, Noteholders should be aware that they may be liable 
to taxation under the laws of other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the Notes even if such 
payments may be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of the 
United Kingdom. Noteholders should also be aware that the tax legislation of any jurisdiction where a 
Noteholder is resident or otherwise subject to taxation (as well as the jurisdictions discussed below) may have 
an impact on the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes including in respect of any income received 
from the Notes.
The comments in this part are based on current United Kingdom tax law as applied in England and Wales and 
HM Revenue & Customs published practice (which may not be binding on HM Revenue & Customs and which 
may be subject to change, sometimes with retrospective effect), in each case at the latest practicable date before 
the date of this Base Prospectus.
Interest on the Notes
While the Notes are and continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange (within the meaning of Section 
1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (the “Act”) for the purposes of Section 987 of the Act) or admitted to trading 
on a “multilateral trading facility” operated by a regulated recognised stock exchange within the meaning of 
Sections 987 and 1005 of the Act, payments of interest by an Issuer may be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a recognised 
stock exchange for these purposes. Securities will be treated as listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange if

--- Page 158 ---
158
they are both admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and are officially listed in Luxembourg 
in accordance with provisions corresponding to those generally applicable in countries in the European 
Economic Area.
In all other cases, interest will generally be paid by an Issuer under deduction of United Kingdom income tax 
at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.), subject to the availability of other reliefs under domestic law or to any 
direction to the contrary from HM Revenue & Customs in respect of such relief as may be available pursuant 
to the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty. 
Payments in respect of the Guarantees
The United Kingdom withholding tax treatment of payments by the Company as Guarantor under the terms of 
the Deed of Guarantee and each of Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG as Guarantors under 
the terms of the Guarantee Agreement in respect of interest on the Notes (or other amounts due under the Notes 
other than the repayment of amounts subscribed for the Notes) is uncertain. In particular, such payments by the 
Guarantors may not be eligible for the exemption in respect of securities listed on a recognised stock exchange 
or admitted to trading on a multilateral trading facility described above in relation to payments of interest by an 
Issuer. Accordingly, if the Guarantors make any such payments and these payments are considered to be of 
United Kingdom source, these may be subject to United Kingdom withholding tax at the basic rate (currently 
20 per cent.).
Other Rules Relating to United Kingdom Withholding Tax
Notes may be issued at an issue price of less than 100 per cent. of their principal amount. Any discount element 
on any such Notes will not generally be subject to any United Kingdom withholding tax pursuant to the 
provisions mentioned above.
Where Notes are to be, or may fall to be, redeemed at a premium, as opposed to being issued at a discount, then 
any such element of premium may constitute a payment of interest. Payments of interest are subject to United 
Kingdom withholding tax as outlined above.
Where interest has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax, Noteholders who are not resident 
in the United Kingdom may be able to recover all or part of the tax deducted if there is an appropriate provision 
in any applicable double taxation treaty.
The references to “interest” above mean “interest” as understood in United Kingdom tax law. The statements 
above do not take any account of any different definitions of “interest” or “principal” which may prevail under 
any other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the Notes or any related documentation. 
Noteholders should seek their own professional advice as regards the withholding tax treatment of any payment 
on the Notes which does not constitute “interest” or “principal” as those terms are understood in United 
Kingdom tax law. Where a payment on a Note does not constitute (or is not treated as) interest for United 
Kingdom tax purposes, and the payment has a United Kingdom source, it would potentially be subject to United 
Kingdom withholding tax. In such a case, the payment may fall to be made under deduction of United Kingdom 
tax, subject to such relief as may be available following a direction from HM Revenue & Customs pursuant to 
the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty, or to any other exemption which may apply.
Jersey Taxation 
Certain Jersey Tax Considerations
The following summary of the anticipated treatment of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited, the Company and 
Noteholders (other than residents of Jersey) is based on Jersey taxation law and practice as they are understood 
to apply at the date of this document and is subject to changes in such taxation law and practice. It does not

--- Page 159 ---
159
constitute legal or tax advice and does not address all aspects of Jersey tax law and practice (including such tax 
law and practice as they apply to any land or building situated in Jersey). Prospective investors in the Notes 
should consult their professional advisers on the implications of acquiring, buying, selling or otherwise 
disposing of the Notes under the laws of any jurisdiction in which they may be liable to taxation.
Taxation of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited and the Company
Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited and the Company are not regarded as resident for tax purposes in Jersey. 
Therefore, Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited and the Company will not be liable to Jersey income tax other 
than on Jersey source income (except where such income is exempted from income tax pursuant to the Income 
Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as amended) and payments in respect of the Notes may be paid by Glencore Finance 
(Europe) Limited or the Company without withholding or deduction for or on account of Jersey income tax. 
However, if Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited or the Company cease to be exclusively resident for tax 
purposes in a jurisdiction outside Jersey, they will be regarded as resident for tax purposes in Jersey and on the 
basis that neither Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited nor the Company is a financial services company nor a 
utility company for the purposes of the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as amended, Glencore Finance (Europe) 
Limited and the Company would become subject to income tax in Jersey at a rate of zero per cent. Noteholders 
(other than residents of Jersey) will not be subject to any tax in Jersey in respect of the holding, sale or other 
disposition of such Notes. 
GST
Jersey charges a tax on goods and services supplied in Jersey (“GST”) pursuant to the Goods and Services Tax 
(Jersey) Law 2007. On the basis that Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited and the Company have obtained 
international services entity (“ISE”) status, GST is not chargeable on supplies of goods and/or services made 
by Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited or the Company. The Company and Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited 
are ISE’s.
Stamp Duty
In Jersey, no stamp duty is levied on the issue or transfer of the Notes except that stamp duty is payable on 
Jersey grants of probate and letters of administration, which will generally be required to transfer the Notes on 
the death of a Holder of the Notes where such Notes are situated in Jersey. In the case of a grant of probate or 
letters of administration, stamp duty is levied according to the size of the estate (wherever situated in respect of 
a holder of the Notes domiciled in Jersey, or situated in Jersey in respect of a holder of the Notes domiciled 
outside Jersey) and is payable on a sliding scale at a rate of up to 0.75 per cent. of such estate and such duty is 
capped at £100,000. Where the Notes are in registered form and the register is not maintained in Jersey, such 
Notes should not be considered to be situated in Jersey for tax purposes.
Jersey does not otherwise levy taxes upon capital, inheritances, capital gains or gifts nor are there other estate 
duties.
Jersey Economic Substance Legislation
The Taxation (Companies – Economic Substance) (Jersey) Law 2019 (the “Substance Law”) which requires 
relevant companies to demonstrate economic substance in the jurisdictions in which they are tax resident took 
effect in Jersey on 1 January 2019.
On the basis that Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited is solely tax resident in the United Kingdom and the 
Company is solely tax resident in Switzerland, the implementation of the Substance Law will not affect the 
withholding tax position in respect of the Notes or the Jersey tax treatment in respect of the holding, sale or 
other disposition of the Notes by holders of Notes (other than residents of Jersey) as outlined above.

--- Page 160 ---
160
Switzerland Taxation 
Non-residents and residents
Swiss Federal Withholding Tax
According to the current practice of the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, all payments of principal and interest 
in respect of the Notes and the Coupons by and on behalf of an Issuer, including payments by the Company as 
Guarantor under the Deed of Guarantee and each of Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG as 
Guarantors under the Guarantee Agreement, should not be subject to Swiss Federal Withholding Tax, provided 
that the relevant Issuer is and, at all times while any Notes are outstanding, will, not be tax resident in 
Switzerland and provided further that the proceeds of the Notes will (i) be either used outside of Switzerland 
(as interpreted by the Swiss tax authorities) or (ii) be used in Switzerland (as interpreted by the Swiss tax 
authorities) as it is permitted under Swiss tax laws and practice by the Swiss Federal Tax Administration in 
force from time to time without payments in respect of interest due in connection with the Notes becoming 
subject to withholding or deduction for Swiss Federal Withholding Tax as a consequence of such use of 
proceeds in Switzerland (as interpreted by the Swiss tax authorities).
Irrespective of the foregoing, any payment made by Glencore (Schweiz) AG pursuant to the Guarantee 
Agreement may be subject to Swiss Federal Withholding Tax (the present rate of which is 35 per cent., 
respectively 53.8 per cent in case of a gross-up) if such payments have to be regarded as deemed dividend 
distribution.
Under Swiss law, the obligation to gross-up, indemnify or otherwise hold harmless the beneficiaries of a 
payment for the deduction of Swiss Federal Withholding Tax is void and, thus, may prejudice the enforceability 
of anything to the contrary contained in the Guarantee Agreement, the Notes or any other document or 
agreement.
Swiss Stamp Duties
The issuance and sale of the Notes on the issue date will not be subject to Swiss federal securities turnover tax 
(Umsatzabgabe) (primary market). Secondary market dealings in Notes may be subject to the Swiss securities 
turnover tax at a rate of up to 0.3% of the purchase price of the Notes, however, only if a securities dealer in 
Switzerland or Liechtenstein, as defined in the Swiss Federal Act on Stamp Duties (Bundesgesetz über die 
Stempelabgaben), is a party or an intermediary to the transaction and no exemption applies. An exemption 
applies, inter alia, for each party to a transaction in notes that is not resident in Switzerland or Liechtenstein.
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the European Union on the international automatic 
exchange of information (the “AEOI”) in tax matters. The AEOI became effective as of 1 January 2017, and 
applies to all EU member states and also Gibraltar. Also, on 1 January 2017, the multilateral competent authority 
agreement on the automatic exchange of financial information (the “MCAA”), and based on the MCAA, a 
number of bilateral AEOI agreements with other countries, became effective. Based on such agreements and 
the implementing laws of Switzerland, Switzerland collects and exchanges data in respect of financial assets, 
including, as the case may be, Notes, held in, and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits 
with a paying agent in Switzerland for the benefit of individuals resident in an EU member state or resident in 
a treaty state. Switzerland has signed and intends to sign further AEOI agreements with further countries, which, 
subject to ratification, will become effective at a later date. An up-to-date list of the AEOI agreements of 
Switzerland in effect or signed and becoming effective can be found on the website of the State Secretariat for 
International Financial Matters.

--- Page 161 ---
161
Ireland Taxation 
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland of certain matters 
regarding the tax position of investors who are the absolute beneficial owners of the Notes. Particular rules not 
discussed below may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes, including dealers in securities and 
trusts. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature 
only and it does not discuss all aspects of Irish taxation that may be relevant to any particular holder of Notes. 
Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the 
purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of payments thereon under the laws of their 
country of residence, citizenship or domicile.
Withholding Tax
Glencore Capital Finance DAC (as Issuer) expects to be resident for tax purposes in the United Kingdom only 
and not in Ireland and that, as such, payments of interest on the Notes will not constitute Irish source interest. 
Glencore Capital Finance DAC (as Issuer) will not be obliged to withhold Irish income tax from payments of 
interest on the Notes where such payments do not constitute Irish source income.
Even if payments of interest on the Notes did have an Irish source, Glencore Capital Finance DAC (as Issuer) 
would not be required to withhold Irish income tax on such payments where the Notes are quoted Eurobonds, 
i.e. securities which are issued by a company (such as Glencore Capital Finance DAC), which are quoted on a 
recognised stock exchange (such as the Luxembourg Stock Exchange) and which carry a right to interest; and 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or if such person is in Ireland either:
(a)
the Notes are held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners (Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are, amongst others, so recognised); or
(b)
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Notes is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration 
to a relevant person (such as a paying agent located in Ireland) in the prescribed form.
On the basis that Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited is not resident for tax purposes in Ireland and does not 
make payments on the Notes from an Irish branch, Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited will not be obliged to 
withhold Irish income tax from payments of interest on the Notes where such payments do not constitute Irish 
source income.
FATCA Withholding  
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may 
be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet 
certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including the United 
Kingdom, Switzerland, Jersey and Ireland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, proposed regulations have been issued that provide that such withholding would not apply 
to foreign passthru payments prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
“foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed 
regulations, the U.S. Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until 
the issuance of final regulations. Additionally, Notes that are characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the

--- Page 162 ---
162
date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed 
with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of an Issuer). However, if additional 
notes (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable 
from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to 
withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to 
the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person 
will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 163 ---
163
GENERAL INFORMATION
Listing and admission to trading
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s Regulated Market.
Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on such stock exchange as the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree.
Authorisations
The update of the Programme was authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of Glencore Finance 
(Europe) Limited passed on 9 May 2023 and by resolutions of the board of directors of Glencore Capital Finance 
DAC passed on 9 May 2023. The giving of the guarantee by Glencore International AG and update of the 
Programme were authorised by a written resolution of the board of directors of Glencore International AG dated 
10 August 2020, 15 June 2021, 5 May 2022 and 4 May 2023, respectively, the giving of the guarantee by 
Glencore (Schweiz) AG and update of the Programme were authorised by a written resolution of the board of 
directors of Glencore (Schweiz) AG dated 10 August 2020, 15 June 2021, 9 May 2022 and 9 May 2023, 
respectively and by a resolution of the sole shareholder of Glencore (Schweiz) AG dated 10 August 2020, 15 
June 2021, 9 May 2022 and 2 May 2023, respectively, and the giving of the guarantee by the Company and 
update of the Programme were authorised by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of the 
Company on 3 March 2020, 2 July 2021 and 10 March 2023, respectively, pursuant to the authority delegated 
to them by resolutions of the board of directors of the Company passed on 13 February 2020 and 9 February 
2023, respectively. 
The Issuers and the Guarantors have obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes and the giving of the guarantees 
relating to them. 
Clearing of the Notes
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate 
common code and the International Securities Identification Number (“ISIN”) in relation to the Notes of each 
Series will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other 
clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information.
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B 1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Yield
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms.
The yield will be calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It will not be an indication of future 
yield.

--- Page 164 ---
164
Use of proceeds
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer and/or each 
Guarantor for general corporate purposes and shall be used exclusively outside Switzerland, unless use in 
Switzerland (as interpreted by the Swiss tax authorities), is permitted under the Swiss taxation laws in force 
from time to time without payments under the Notes becoming subject to withholding or deduction for Swiss 
Federal Withholding Tax as a consequence of such use of proceeds in Switzerland (as interpreted by the Swiss 
tax authorities).
Legal and arbitration proceedings
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuers or Guarantors are aware), during the 12 month period preceding the date of 
this Base Prospectus which may have or have had, in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position 
or profitability of the Issuers, the Guarantors and subsidiaries.
No significant change and no material adverse change
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Group since 30 
June 2023 (the end of the last financial period for which the latest reviewed condensed consolidated interim 
financial statements were prepared) or any material adverse change in the prospects of Glencore Finance 
(Europe) Limited, Glencore Capital Finance DAC, the Company, Glencore International AG, Glencore 
(Schweiz) AG since 31 December 2022 (the last date to which the published audited financial statements for 
each Issuer and each Guarantor were prepared).
Auditors
The auditors of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited are Deloitte LLP of 2 New Street Square, London EC4A 
3HQ, United Kingdom. Deloitte LLP is registered to carry out audit work in the UK and Ireland by the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales and, for the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 
December 2022, audited the non-consolidated accounts of Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited, without 
qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (UK).
The auditors of Glencore Capital Finance DAC are Deloitte Ireland LLP of 29 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, D02 
AY28, Ireland. Deloitte Ireland LLP is registered to carry out audit work in Ireland by the Institute of Chartered 
Accountants in Ireland and have audited the non-consolidated accounts of Glencore Capital Finance DAC, 
without qualification, in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (Ireland) and applicable law for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. 
The auditors of Glencore are Deloitte LLP of 2 New Street Square, London EC4A 3HQ, United Kingdom. 
Deloitte LLP is registered to carry out audit work in the UK by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England 
and Wales and have audited the consolidated accounts of Glencore, without qualification, in accordance with 
International Standards on Auditing (UK) for each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022 respectively. 
The auditors of Glencore International AG are Deloitte AG of Pfingstweidstrasse 11, 8005 Zürich, Switzerland, 
who have audited the non-consolidated accounts of Glencore International AG, without qualification, in 
accordance with Swiss law, International Standards on Auditing and Swiss auditing standards for each of the 
two financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. Deloitte AG is a member of the Swiss 
Institute of Certified Accountants and Tax Consultants (Treuhand-Kammer). Deloitte AG is recognised as

--- Page 165 ---
165
auditors by the Federal Audit Oversight Authority and the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
FINMA.
The auditors of Glencore (Schweiz) AG are Deloitte AG of Pfingstweidstrasse 11, 8005 Zürich, Switzerland, 
who have audited the non-consolidated accounts of Glencore (Schweiz) AG, without qualification, in 
accordance with Swiss law, International Standards on Auditing and Swiss auditing standards for each of the 
two financial years ended on 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022. Deloitte AG is a member of the Swiss 
Institute of Certified Accountants and Tax Consultants (Treuhand-Kammer). Deloitte AG is recognised as 
auditors by the Federal Audit Oversight Authority and the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
FINMA.
Documents available for inspection
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies of the following 
documents may be inspected at https://www.glencore.com/investors/debt-investors/emtn-programme:
(a)
the Paying Agency Agreement;
(b)
the Deed of Guarantee and the Guarantee Agreement;
(c)
the Trust Deed;
(d)
any Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. (In the case of any Notes which are not admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies 
of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders);
(e)
the constitutive documents of each Issuer and each Guarantor; and
(f)
this Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto.
Financial statements available
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes shall be outstanding, copies of the following 
documents may be inspected at https://www.luxse.com/programme/Programme-GlencoreFinEur/13229:
(a)
the most recent publicly available and any further audited non-consolidated annual accounts of Glencore 
Finance (Europe) Limited beginning with such financial statements for the years ended 31 December 
2022 and 31 December 2021;
(b)
the most recent publicly available and any further audited non-consolidated annual accounts of Glencore 
Capital Finance DAC beginning with such financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 
and 31 December 2021;
(c)
the most recent audited non-consolidated financial statements of Glencore International AG beginning 
with such financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021;
(d)
the most recent audited non-consolidated financial statements of Glencore (Schweiz) AG beginning with 
such financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021; and
(e)
the most recent publicly available audited consolidated financial statements of Glencore beginning with 
such financial statements for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.
The Issuers, Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG do not produce interim accounts.
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and Guarantors

--- Page 166 ---
166
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Issuers, the Guarantors and 
their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, 
including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers, the Guarantors and their 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other 
trading activities.
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers, the Guarantors or 
their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuers and/or 
the Guarantors routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers and/or the Guarantors consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure 
by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates 
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments.
Jersey Financial Services Commission
A copy of this Base Prospectus has been delivered to the registrar of companies in accordance with Article 5 of 
the Companies (General Provisions) (Jersey) Order 2002, and the registrar has given, and has not withdrawn, 
consent to its circulation.
The Jersey Financial Services Commission has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent under Article 4 of the 
Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 to the issue of securities by Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited.
It must be distinctly understood that, in giving these consents, neither the registrar of companies nor the Jersey 
Financial Services Commission takes any responsibility for the financial soundness of Glencore Finance 
(Europe) Limited or for the correctness of any statements made, or opinions expressed, with regard to it. 
It should be remembered that the price of securities and the income from them can go down as well as up.
If you are in any doubt about the contents of this document you should consult your stockbroker, bank manager, 
solicitor, accountant or other financial adviser.

--- Page 167 ---
167
DEFINITIONS AND GLOSSARY OF TECHNICAL TERMS
The definitions set out below apply throughout this Base Prospectus, unless the context requires otherwise.
Acquisition
means the acquisition by Glencore of Xstrata completed on 2 
May 2013;
Antamina
means Compañía Minera Antamina S.A.;
bbls
means barrels of oil;
Board
means the board of Directors of the Company;
Century Aluminum
means Century Aluminum Company, an entity in which the 
Group has a 46.1 per cent. economic interest;
Cerrejón
means Carbones del Cerrejón Limited;
Collahuasi
means Compañía Minera Dona Inés de Collahuasi SCM;
Clearstream, Luxembourg
means Clearstream Banking, S.A.;
COMEX or NYMEX
means the Commodity Exchange division of the New York 
Mercantile Exchange;
Directors 
means the directors of the Group, whose names appear in the 
section headed “Management – Board of Directors” in 
“Description of the Company and the Group” of this Base 
Prospectus;
DRC
means the Democratic Republic of the Congo;
EEA
means the European Economic Area;
EU
means the European Union;
Euroclear
means Euroclear Bank SA/NV;
FCA
means the Financial Conduct Authority;
FSMA
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000;
Gécamines
means La Générale des Carrières et des Mines;
GAAP
means Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
Glencore or the Company
means Glencore plc;
Group
means the Company and its subsidiaries and any subsidiary 
thereof from time to time;
Hong Kong Stock Exchange 
means The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;
IFRS
means International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted 
by the European Union;
Issuers
means Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited and Glencore 
Capital Finance DAC, and “Issuer” means either of them;
Jersey Companies Law
means the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, as amended;
Johannesburg Stock Exchange
means the Johannesburg Stock Exchange;
Katanga
means Katanga Mining Limited, the 75% shareholder of KCC;
Kazzinc
means Kazzinc LLP;

--- Page 168 ---
168
KCC
means Kamoto Copper Company SARL, the operating 
company of Katanga; 
koz
means thousand ounces; 
kt
means kilotonnes;
Listing Rules
means the rules and regulations made by the FCA, and 
contained in the FCA’s publication of the same name;
LME
means the London Metals Exchange;
London Stock Exchange 
means London Stock Exchange plc;
MAC
means Metals Acquisition Corp.;
MACC
means Marginal Abatement Cost Curve;
Mopani
means Mopani Copper Mines plc;
Mount Isa
means Mount Isa Mines Limited;
Mutanda
means Mutanda Ya Mukonkota Mining Sprl;
Noteholders
means the holders of the Notes, and “Noteholder” means any 
one of them;
Securities Act
means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (as amended);
SHFE
means Shanghai Futures Exchange;
South Africa
means the Republic of South Africa;
Swiss GAAP
means Swiss Generally Accepted Accounting Principles;
T, tonne or tonnes
means 1,000 kilograms;
UK or United Kingdom
means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland;
U.S. or United States or United States 
of America
means the United States of America, its territories and 
possessions, any State of the United States and the District of 
Columbia;
VaR
means Value at Risk;
Viterra
means Viterra Ltd (previously known as Glencore Agriculture 
Limited);
Volcan
means Volcan Compania Minera S.A.A.; 
Xstrata
means Xstrata Limited (previously known as Xstrata plc) and 
its subsidiaries and any subsidiary thereof as at completion of 
the Acquisition.

--- Page 169 ---
169
APPENDIX 1 — OVERVIEW OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN INTERNATIONAL 
FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS AND SWISS GENERALLY ACCEPTED 
ACCOUNTING PRINCIPLES
Introduction
Glencore plc prepares and publishes its reviewed interim consolidated financial statements and its audited 
annual consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS. 
Each of Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG prepares annual non-consolidated audited 
financial statements in accordance with the provisions of the Swiss Law on Accounting and Financial Reporting 
(“Swiss GAAP”). The law on accounting and financial reporting contained in the 32nd title of the Swiss Code 
of Obligations (“SCO”) has been applied by Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG since 1 
January 2015.
IFRS differs significantly in certain respects from Swiss GAAP and there may be material differences in the 
historical financial information of Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG had these been 
prepared under IFRS. Swiss GAAP has basic and general accounting rules and is not as comprehensive as IFRS. 
The following narrative summary describes differences between the significant accounting policies as applied 
under IFRS compared to Swiss GAAP as of 31 December 2021, applicable to Glencore International AG and 
Glencore (Schweiz) AG. New standards or changes in IFRS effective 1 January 2022 are not considered. 
The narrative summary is intended to explain the accounting principles adopted by each of Glencore 
International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG.
Objective
IFRS’s objective is to provide information about the financial position, performance and changes in financial 
position of an entity that is useful to a wide range of users in making economic decisions. The financial 
statements are therefore investor/shareholder driven.
IFRS provides detailed guidance on specific accounting treatments and disclosure requirements under IFRS are 
extensive.
The SCO’s main objective is to protect creditors and to set the basis for taxation. SCO financial statements are 
primarily driven by the principle of prudence and cannot be described as true and fair; overstatements of 
liabilities and understatements of assets are allowed but are usually limited to the boundaries permitted by Swiss 
tax legislation.
The SCO provides basic guidance on general accounting treatments and disclosure requirements in the notes 
are limited, thus leaving greater room for interpretation than under IFRS. 
Both Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG are larger businesses within the SCO criteria and 
are prima facie required to apply the entire Swiss GAAP requirements. However, as noted below there are 
exemptions available because both are intermediate holding companies within a larger listed group structure, 
which is subject to audit.
Components of financial statements
IFRS financial statements consist of six elements: statement of financial position, statement of income, 
statement of comprehensive income, statement of cash flows, statements of changes in equity and notes 
including a description of the accounting policies and other explanatory notes.

--- Page 170 ---
170
The SCO financial statements consist of four elements: statement of financial position, statement of income, 
cash flow statement and notes, supplemented by a management report. However, the cash flow statement and 
management report are not required if the undertaking itself or a legal entity controlling the undertaking 
prepares consolidated accounts in accordance with a recognised financial reporting standard (e.g. IFRS), which 
applies to both Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG. There are significantly fewer required 
note disclosures under SCO when compared with IFRS.
Consolidation requirements
IFRS requires consolidated financial statements including all subsidiaries when control of the subsidiaries 
exists. Generally a parent does not need to present consolidated financials if the parent is itself a wholly owned 
subsidiary, the parent’s debt or equity instruments are not traded in a public market, the parent is not in the 
process of filing its financial statements with a securities commission or other regulatory organisation and the 
ultimate parent or any intermediate parent produces consolidated financial statements available for public use 
that comply with IFRS. Any goodwill should be assessed for impairment annually.
The consolidation requirements of the SCO are largely aligned to the concept of control as defined under IFRS. 
An entity is therefore required to prepare consolidated financial statements if it has a legal or “factual” right to 
control one or more enterprises or has the possibility of exercising control. A legal entity may however waive 
the consolidation requirement if it is controlled by an enterprise whose consolidated accounts have been 
prepared and audited in accordance with Swiss or an equivalent approved foreign regulation (such as IFRS). 
Goodwill may be amortised over a fixed period or may be expensed immediately upon recognition.
Both Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG are exempted from the requirement to prepare 
consolidated financial statements as they are controlled by another entity whose consolidated financial 
statements are prepared in accordance with Swiss or equivalent foreign regulations (specifically, IFRS) and are 
subject to an audit.
Neither Glencore International AG nor Glencore (Schweiz) AG carries any goodwill.
Translation of financial statements
Under IFRS, where financial statements are presented in currency that differs from the functional currency of 
the entity, assets and liabilities are translated into the presentation currency using year-end exchange rates, 
while their statements of income are translated using average rates of exchange for the year. Translation 
adjustments are included as a separate component of shareholders’ equity and have no income statement impact 
provided no disposals of investments have occurred.
Under SCO, a company’s accounting records may be kept in a functional currency (and financial statements 
may be prepared in a currency) other than Swiss Francs. However, the presentation of figures in Swiss Francs 
is still required. Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG present their financial statements in 
Swiss Francs. As the underlying accounting records are not kept in Swiss Francs, all assets and liabilities 
excluding equity balances are converted to Swiss Francs using the year-end exchange rate. Equity balances are 
converted at the historical foreign exchange rate. Transactions in the statement of income are converted to Swiss 
Francs using the average exchange rate for the year. Any cumulative translation gains are deferred, whilst 
cumulative translation losses are recorded in the statement of income.

--- Page 171 ---
171
Receivables (including intercompany loans) and third party trade advances and loans
Under IFRS, receivables and intercompany loans are required to be assessed for impairment through an 
expected credit loss impairment model, which means that anticipated as opposed to incurred credit losses are 
recognised resulting in earlier recognition of impairments.
Under the SCO, the expected credit loss valuation approach is not required. Instead, general provisions for 
doubtful debts are generally allowed, typically limited up to a maximum of 10 per cent. of total debts for foreign 
debts and 5 per cent. of total debts for domestic debts, as permitted by the Swiss tax authorities.
Under both IFRS and the SCO, trade advances to third parties are recorded at the lower of cost or recoverable 
value.
Inventories
Under IFRS, inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value using first-in, first-out (FIFO) 
or the weighted average method to determine cost. Inventories attributable to the industrial activities are valued 
on this basis. IFRS also permits commodity trading companies to measure their trading inventories at fair value 
less costs of disposal, which is applied by Glencore plc to the majority of inventories attributable to marketing 
activities. Unrealised gains and losses from changes in fair value are reported in cost of goods sold.
Under the SCO, inventories are generally measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. In limited 
circumstances, SCO permits inventories such as trading inventories in observable markets to be subsequently 
measured at market value. In addition, SCO permits a general valuation allowance of up to 33 per cent. The 
vast majority of Glencore International AG’s inventories are valued at fair value less costs of disposal with the 
remainder valued at the lower of cost or net realisable value. Unrealised gains and losses from changes in fair 
value are reported in cost of goods sold. Glencore (Schweiz) AG does not hold any inventories.
Investment in associates/subsidiaries
Under IFRS, when preparing consolidated financial statements, investments in associated companies are 
accounted for using the equity method or in the case where there is no significant influence treated as an 
investment held at fair value with changes recognised through other comprehensive income. Equity accounting 
involves Glencore plc recording its share of the associated entity’s net income and equity. Subsidiaries would 
be consolidated when preparing consolidated financial statements.
In standalone financial statements prepared under IFRS, per IAS 27 – Separate Financial Statements, 
investments in associates and subsidiaries are recorded at the lower of cost or recoverable value.
In the standalone financial statements required under SCO, investments in associates and subsidiaries are 
recorded at the lower of cost or recoverable value.
Liabilities
Under IFRS, liabilities are recorded when a past event gives rise to a present obligation and an outflow of 
economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Liabilities are measured as the present value of the 
outflow of future economic benefits. Liabilities are generally derecognised when the obligation has been settled 
or transferred to another party. Any excess in the value of the liability over the economic benefits required to 
settle the obligation must be released.
Under the requirements of the SCO, all liabilities are recorded if they have been caused by past events, a cash 
outflow is probable and their value can be reliably estimated. Liabilities are entered at their nominal value

--- Page 172 ---
172
(without discounting for time value of money), with transaction costs expensed in the period incurred. 
Liabilities are generally derecognised when the obligation has been settled or transferred to another party, 
however this is not mandatory.
Measurement of derivatives (other financial assets and liabilities), of fair value hedges and cash 
flow hedges
Under IFRS, derivatives including derivatives designated as hedge instruments are measured at fair value. The 
recognition of changes in fair value is recorded in the income statement except for effective cash flow hedges, 
of which the changes in fair value are deferred in equity until the effect of the underlying transaction is 
recognised in the statement of income. 
The SCO provides no guidance on accounting for derivatives and hedging, though in concept fair value 
accounting is permitted for derivatives with an observable price in an active market. For the remaining types of 
derivatives, the principle of prudence generally requires that unrealised losses are recorded in the statement of 
income and unrealised gains are deferred. 
Glencore International AG carries derivative instruments at fair value and evaluates the quality and reliability 
of the assumptions and data used to measure fair value in three hierarchy levels, as set out in note 1 to the 
Glencore International AG financial statements.
Glencore (Schweiz) AG does not carry any derivative instruments.
Equity-settled share-based payments
Under IFRS, equity-settled share-based payments are measured at the fair value of the awards based on the 
market value of the shares at the grant date. Fair value excludes the effect of non-market-based vesting 
conditions. The fair value is charged to the income statement and credited to equity on a straight-line basis over 
the period the estimated awards are expected to vest. Changes due to the effects of non-market-based vesting 
conditions are assessed annually and an adjustment made to the income statement and equity such that the 
cumulative expense reflects the revised estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest.
Under the requirements of the SCO, equity-settled share-based payments are measured at the fair value of the 
awards based on the market value of the shares at the balance sheet date (the initial valuation therefore takes 
place at a different time when compared to IFRS). Fair value excludes the effect of non-market-based vesting 
conditions. Companies have a choice to account for these as liabilities or within equity. The fair value is charged 
to the income statement and credited to the balance sheet on a straight-line basis over the period the estimated 
awards are expected to vest. Changes due to the effects of non-market-based vesting conditions are assessed 
annually and an adjustment made to the income statement and the balance sheet such that the cumulative 
expense reflects the revised estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest.
Glencore International AG has employees with compensation arrangements including share-based payments 
and accounts for these as liabilities on the balance sheet. Glencore (Schweiz) AG operates no such 
arrangements.
Employee post-employment benefits
IFRS distinguishes between defined contribution and defined benefit plans. Post retirement obligations that 
meet the criteria of defined benefit plans need to be accounted for using the projected unit credit method. As in 
general Swiss pension plans are defined benefits plans under IFRS, this could lead to the recognition of a

--- Page 173 ---
173
pension plan liability (or an asset) in the balance sheet, depending on the method used, and the actuarial 
calculation.
Pension liabilities and amounts due to pension funds need to be disclosed separately in the financial statements 
prepared in accordance with the SCO. Under the SCO, it is generally assumed that the employer normally does 
not have any other obligation than to pay the contributions to the pension fund, unless additional contributions 
are decided by the board of the pension fund in the case of under-coverage. Therefore, no pension liability is 
usually recognised in the company’s books, unless there is a legal obligation towards the pension fund or the 
employees.
Accounting for tax
Under IFRS, detailed guidance regarding recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities is provided. Deferred 
tax assets have to be recognised on tax loss carry forwards if realisation of the tax benefit is probable.
Under the SCO, financial statements prepared in accordance with the SCO are the basis for the tax calculation 
by the tax authorities, subject to any adjustments i.e. unjustified provisions or depreciation as defined by the 
tax authorities. Deferred taxes are not dealt with in the SCO. Due to the principle of prudence, the SCO does 
not permit the recognition of deferred tax assets.
Accounting for leases
Effective 2019, the new IFRS 16 requirements eliminate nearly all off balance sheet accounting for lessees 
under IFRS. The distinction between operating and finance leases is eliminated, and a new lease asset 
(representing the right to use the leased item for the lease term) and lease liability (representing the obligation 
for future lease payments) are recognised for all leases. For the initial recognition, IFRS 16 allows the full 
retrospective approach (restate comparative information) or the modified retrospective approach (no 
restatement of the comparative information). The Group applied the latter where the cumulative effect of the 
initial application is adjusted via the equity opening balance as of 1 January 2019. 
The SCO provides limited guidance on the accounting for leases. Glencore International AG chose to apply an 
accounting policy consistent with IFRS 16, with the exception of opening balance adjustment as of 1 January 
2019, which was recorded as an extraordinary item in the income statement rather than through equity, which 
is in line with the principles of SCO.
In practice, the vast majority of the Group’s lease arrangements are incurred and reported in entities other than 
Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG.
Extraordinary items
Under IFRS, the term “extraordinary” does not exist. Therefore, all items of income and expense are to be 
presented as arising from the entity’s ordinary activities.
Under the SCO, the term “extraordinary” is broad and includes profits and losses from transactions not related 
to the normal course of business or the current accounting period. The SCO prescribes such items to be 
presented separately in the income statement.

--- Page 174 ---
174
APPENDIX 2 — OVERVIEW OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN INTERNATIONAL 
FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS AND FRS 101 – REDUCED DISCLOSURE 
FRAMEWORK ADOPTED IN THE UNITED KINGDOM
Introduction
Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited prepares annual audited non-consolidated financial statements in 
accordance with FRS 101: Reduced Disclosure Framework (“FRS 101”). FRS 101 applies the recognition and 
measurement requirements of IFRS with certain amendments to the requirements of IFRS in order to comply 
with the Companies Act, and a reduction in the required level of disclosures.
Amendments made to adopted IFRS to comply with FRS 101
The following amendments must be made in order to comply with the Companies Act:
IFRS 1 – First time adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards
A subsidiary which becomes a first-time adopter later than its parent or an entity that becomes a first-time 
adopter later than its subsidiary, associate or joint venture must ensure that its assets and liabilities are 
measured in compliance with FRS 101.
IFRS 3 – Business combinations
In the case of a bargain purchase, the excess is recognised on the face of the statement of financial position. 
Subsequently the excess is measured in profit or loss over a specified period.
Where the cost of a business combination may be adjusted due to consideration which is contingent on 
future events, the estimated amount of the adjustment is included in the cost of the business combination 
at the acquisition date if the adjustment is probable and can be measured reliably. If the potential 
adjustment is not recognised at the acquisition date but later becomes probable and can be measured 
reliably, the additional consideration is treated as an adjustment to the cost of the business combination. 
From 1 January 2016 this guidance on contingent consideration is amended to require that contingent 
consideration balances arising from acquisitions before SI 2015/980 is applied (usually 1 January 2016) 
are not adjusted as a result of changes in company law and the company's previous accounting policy 
continues to apply. Contingent consideration balances arising from acquisitions after SI 2015/980 is 
applied are accounted for in accordance with IFRS 3, without amendment to the standard.
IFRS 4 – Insurance contracts
Paragraph 4(a) of IFRS 4 states that entities shall not recognise liabilities for future claims if those claims 
arise under contracts that do not exist at a period end. This paragraph is amended to state that this is the 
case unless otherwise required by the regulatory framework applied to the entity, and that the presentation 
of any such liabilities should follow the requirements of Company Law.
IFRS 5 – Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations
Analysis of the results of discontinued operations must be shown in the statement of profit or loss and 
other comprehensive income in a column identified as relating to discontinued operations. A total column 
must also be presented.
IFRS 15 – Revenue from contracts with customers
FRS 101 Appendix II: Note on legal requirements, it is clarified that Schedule 1 to the Regulations requires 
particulars of turnover to be disclosed irrespective of any exemptions to IFRS 15.

--- Page 175 ---
175
IAS 1 – Presentation of financial statements
Where an entity applies FRS 101, it is preparing Companies Act accounts rather than IAS accounts. 
Therefore, the following amendments must be made to IAS 1 in order to achieve compliance with the 
Companies Act and related Regulations:

The statement of financial position must comply with the balance sheet format requirements of the 
Companies Act.

The statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income must comply with the profit and loss 
account format requirements of the Companies Act.

Ordinary activities of an entity are defined and extraordinary items are described as highly abnormal 
material items arising from events falling outside an entity’s ordinary activities.

It is clarified that items of income or expense are not recognised in profit or loss where such 
recognition is prohibited by the Companies Act.
IAS 16 – Property, plant and equipment
Where an entity applies FRS 101, it is preparing Companies Act accounts rather than IAS accounts. 
Therefore, in order to achieve compliance with the Companies Act and related Regulations, guidance in 
IAS 16 allowing the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment to be reduced by government grants 
is deleted.
IAS 20 – Accounting for government grants and disclosure of government assistance
A government grant related to an asset may not be deducted in arriving at the carrying amount of the asset; 
instead the grant must be recognised as deferred income and recognised in profit or loss over the useful 
life of the asset.
A government grant related to income may not be deducted from the related expense; instead it is 
presented as income within profit or loss.
IAS 37 – Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets
IAS 37 allows the non-disclosure of information about provisions and contingent liabilities where 
disclosure is expected to prejudice the position of an entity in a dispute. In these cases IAS 37 requires 
that the general nature of the dispute is disclosed. UK companies applying FRS 101 are required to provide 
additional specific numeric and narrative disclosures.
FRS 101 permits the following IFRS disclosure exemptions
IFRS 1 – First time adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards
On first-time adoption of FRS 101, an entity is exempt from the IFRS 1 requirement to present an opening 
statement of financial position as at the date of transition.
IFRS 2 – Share-based Payment
FRS 101 paragraph 8(a) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from most of the disclosure requirements 
of IFRS 2. The remaining disclosure requirements require a description of the schemes and details about 
options exercised in the year and options outstanding at the year-end.
This exemption applies:

--- Page 176 ---
176

For a subsidiary company to arrangements involving the equity instruments of another group 
entity;

For an ultimate parent to arrangements involving its own equity instruments provided that its 
separate financial statements are provided alongside the group consolidated financial statements.
Equivalent disclosures must be made in the consolidated financial statements of the group in which the 
entity is consolidated.
IFRS 3 – Business combinations
FRS 101 paragraph 8(b) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from most of the IFRS 3 disclosure 
requirements in respect of business combinations during the period or after the end of the period provided 
that equivalent disclosures are made in the consolidated financial statements of the group in which the 
entity is consolidated. The following basic disclosures are still required:

The name and a description of the acquiree;

The acquisition date and percentage of voting equity interests acquired;

The acquisition date fair value of consideration transferred, in total and by class;

Amounts recognised at acquisition for each major class of assets and liabilities;

The gain recognised in a bargain purchase;

The non-controlling interest recognised at acquisition and measurement basis applied;

The revenue and profit or loss of the combined entity for the current period as though the acquisition 
date for any mid-period business combination was the start of the period.
IFRS 3 paragraphs for which exemption is available: 62, B64(d), B64(e), B64(g), B64(h), B64(j)-(m), 
B64(n)(ii), B64(o)(ii), B64(p), B64(q)(ii), B66, B67.
IFRS 5 – Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations
FRS 101 paragraph 8(c) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from providing an analysis of the net cash 
flows relating to discontinued operations. The remaining disclosure requirements of IFRS 5 must still be 
applied.
IFRS 5 paragraph for which exemption is available: 33(c).
IFRS 6 – Exploration for and evaluation of mineral resources
FRS 101 paragraph 8(cA) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from the requirements of IFRS 6 to 
disclose the operating and investing cash flows arising from the exploration for and evaluation of mineral 
resources.
IFRS 6 paragraph for which exemption is available: 24(b).
IFRS 7 – Financial instruments: Disclosures
FRS 101 paragraph 8(d) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from all of the requirements of IFRS 7 
with the following limitations.

This exemption is not applicable to a financial institution.

Non-financial institutions must make additional disclosures if certain financial instruments are 
measured at fair value.

--- Page 177 ---
177

Equivalent disclosures must be made in the consolidated financial statements of the group in which 
the entity is consolidated.
IFRS 13 – Fair value measurement
FRS 101 paragraph 8(e) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from all of the disclosure requirements 
of IFRS 13 with the following limitations.

Equivalent disclosures must be made in the consolidated financial statements of the group in which 
the entity is consolidated.

A financial institution may not use the exemption from IFRS 13 in relation to financial instruments, 
but may use it in relation to other assets and liabilities.

Non-financial institutions must make additional disclosures if certain financial instruments are 
measured at fair value.
IFRS 13 paragraphs for which exemption is available: 91-99.
IFRS 15 – Revenue from contracts with customers
The reduced disclosure framework states that a qualifying entity is exempt from many of the disclosure 
requirements of IFRS 15, including:

disaggregation of revenue, subject to the Schedule 1 provision that particulars of turnover to be 
disclosed irrespective of any exemptions to IFRS 15;

qualitative and quantitative information related to changes in contract assets and contract liabilities; 
and

information about an entity's performance obligations, transaction prices and any significant 
judgements.
IFRS 16 – Leases
Lessees

No requirement to disclose separate information about leases.

The exemption from the requirement to present a maturity analysis for lease liabilities in accordance 
with the requirements of IFRS 7 is available only when the entity provides a separate maturity analysis 
for lease liabilities in accordance with company law.
Lessors

No requirement to disclose profit or loss.

No requirement to provide explanations of significant changes in the net investment in finance leases.
IAS 1 – Presentation of financial statements
FRS 101 paragraph 8(f) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from the IAS 1 requirement to present the 
following within a set of financial statements:

A statement of cash flows for the period;

A third statement of financial position when a retrospective adjustment or reclassification is made;

A statement of compliance with IFRS;

--- Page 178 ---
178

A reconciliation of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, investment properties, biological 
assets and the number of shares outstanding at the beginning and end of the comparative period;

Capital management disclosures (this exemption is not available to a financial institution);

All remaining IAS 1 disclosures must be applied.
IAS 1 paragraphs for which exemption is available: 10(d), 10(f), 16, 38A-D, 40A-D, 111, 134-6. 
IAS 7 – Statement of cash flows
FRS 101 paragraph 8(h) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from preparing a statement of cash flows.
IAS 8 – Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors
FRS 101 paragraph 8(i) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from the IAS 8 requirement to disclose 
details of a new IFRS which has been issued but is not yet effective and has not been applied by the entity.
IAS 8 paragraphs for which exemption is available: 30 and 31.
IAS 16 – Property, plant and equipment
FRS 101 paragraph 8(f) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from;

the requirement to disclose a reconciliation of the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment 
at the beginning and end of the comparative period, and

the requirement to disclose proceeds and cost included in profit or loss from the sale of items produced 
before an item of property, plant and equipment is in the location and condition necessary for it to be 
able to operate in the manner intended.
IAS 16 paragraphs for which exemption is available: 73(e) (comparative period only), 74A(b).  
IAS 24 – Related party disclosures
FRS 101 paragraph 8(j) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from the IAS 24 requirement to disclose 
the following:

Key management personnel compensation.

Amounts incurred for the provision of key management personnel services that are provided by a 
separate management entity.

Related party transactions entered into between two or more members of a group provided that any 
subsidiary which is a party to a transaction is wholly owned by a member.
IAS 24 paragraphs for which exemption is available: 17 and 18A.
IAS 36 – Impairment of assets
FRS 101 paragraph 8(l) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from most of the disclosure requirements 
of IAS 36 in relation to cash generating units which contain goodwill or an intangible asset with an 
indefinite useful life. The exemption particularly applies to the disclosure of assumptions, the effect of 
changes in assumptions and valuation techniques.
Equivalent disclosures must, however, be made in the consolidated financial statements of the group in 
which the entity is consolidated.

--- Page 179 ---
179
IAS 36 paragraphs for which exemption is available: 134(d)-(f) and 135(c)-(e).
An amendment to FRS 101 as a result of the 2013/2014 review cycle also exempted entities from applying 
IAS 36 paragraphs 130 (f)(ii) – (iii) provided that equivalent disclosures are made in the consolidated 
financial statements. The relevant disclosures relate to recoverable amount when established as fair value 
less costs of disposal.
IAS 38 – Intangible assets
FRS 101 paragraph 8(f) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from the requirement to disclose a 
reconciliation of the carrying amount of intangible assets at the beginning and end of the comparative 
period.
IAS 38 paragraph for which exemption is available: 118(e) (comparative period only).
IAS 40 – Investment property
FRS 101 paragraph 8(f) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from the requirement to provide a 
reconciliation between the carrying amounts of investment property at the beginning and end of the 
comparative period. This exemption is applicable whether investment property is carried under the cost 
or fair value model.
IAS 40 paragraphs for which exemption is available: 76 and 79(d) (comparative periods only).
IAS 41 – Agriculture
FRS 101 paragraph 8(f) states that a qualifying entity is exempt from the requirement to provide a 
reconciliation of the carrying amount of biological assets at the beginning and end of the comparative 
period.
IAS 41 paragraph for which exemption is available: 50 (comparative period only).

--- Page 180 ---
180
REGISTERED OFFICES OF THE ISSUERS
Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited
26 New Street
St Helier
Jersey
JE2 3RA
Glencore Capital Finance DAC
Unit 3100
Lake Drive
Citywest Business Campus
Dublin 24
Dublin
D24 AK82
Ireland
REGISTERED OFFICES OF THE GUARANTORS
Glencore plc
13 Castle Street
St Helier
Jersey 
JE1 1ES
Glencore International AG
Baarermattstrasse 3
P.O. Box 1363
CH 6341 Baar
Switzerland
Glencore (Schweiz) AG
Baarermattstrasse 3
P.O. Box 1363
CH 6341 Baar
Switzerland
DEALERS
Barclays Bank PLC
1 Churchill Place
London E14 5HP
United Kingdom
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC
One Molesworth Street
Dublin 2
D02 RF29
Ireland
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Citigroup Centre
Canada Square
Canary Wharf
London E14 5LB
United Kingdom 
Credit Suisse International
One Cabot Square
London E14 4QJ
United Kingdom 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Winchester House
1 Great Winchester Street
London EC2N 2DB
United Kingdom 
HSBC Bank plc
8 Canada Square
London E14 5HQ
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe
38, avenue Kléber
75116 Paris
France
J.P. Morgan Securities plc
25 Bank Street
Canary Wharf
London E14 5JP
United Kingdom
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Winchester House
1 Great Winchester Street
London EC2N 2DB
United Kingdom
TRUSTEE
PAYING AGENT AND LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited
Winchester House
1 Great Winchester Street
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer
L-1115 Luxembourg

--- Page 181 ---
181
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuers and the Guarantors as to English law:
To Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited and Glencore plc as to 
Jersey law:
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street
London EC2Y 8HQ
United Kingdom
Ogier (Jersey) LLP
44 Esplanade
St Helier
Jersey 
JE4 9WG 
To Glencore Capital Finance DAC as to Irish law:
To Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG as to 
Swiss law:
Arthur Cox LLP
Ten Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin 2 
D02 T380, Ireland
Niederer Kraft Frey Ltd
Bahnhofstrasse 53
8001 Zurich
Switzerland
To the Dealers as to Swiss law:
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law:
Homburger AG
Prime Tower
Hardstrasse 201
CH 8005 Zurich
Switzerland
Clifford Chance LLP
10 Upper Bank Street
London E14 5JJ
United Kingdom
AUDITORS
Auditors to Glencore Finance (Europe) Limited 
and Glencore plc:
Auditors to Glencore Capital Finance DAC:
Deloitte LLP
2 New Street Square
London EC4A 3HQ
United Kingdom
Deloitte Ireland LLP
29 Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin 2 
D02 AY28, Ireland
Auditors to Glencore International AG and Glencore (Schweiz) AG:
Deloitte AG
Pfingstweidstrasse 11
8005 Zürich
Switzerland