--- Page 1 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS dated 30 November 2020 
 
GN Store Nord A/S 
(incorporated with limited liability in Denmark) 
EUR 1,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this EUR 1,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the “Programme”), GN Store Nord A/S (the “Issuer”) may 
from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as 
defined below). Notes may be issued under the Programme in bearer or registered form (respectively “Bearer Notes” and 
“Registered Notes”).  The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed EUR 1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement described 
herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland, as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the 
Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of 
this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the “Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market”) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) or on another regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the 
European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or the United Kingdom (the “UK”) in circumstances that require the publication of a 
prospectus. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the “Official List”) and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
References herein to the Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA or the UK. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA or the UK and/or offered to the public in the EEA or the UK other than in circumstances where an 
exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt 
Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank of 
Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will (other 
than in the case of Exempt Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be 
delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, Euronext Dublin. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on 
Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin.  
In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document 
(the “Pricing Supplement”).  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock 
exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.  The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or 
Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks see “Risk 
Factors”.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any 
U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons 
as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is 
available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
Amounts payable on Notes that are specified in the applicable Final Terms  as being Floating Rate Notes (“Floating Rate Notes”) 
will be calculated by reference to LIBOR or EURIBOR (each as defined below). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrator of LIBOR and the administrator of EURIBOR are each included in the European Securities and Markets Authority’s 
(“ESMA”) register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).  
Arranger 
Nordea 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
Nordea

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.   
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated in 
it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), and shall be read and construed on the basis 
that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland. 
Notes may be issued under the Programme on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified 
under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific 
issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case 
of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing 
to subscribe such Notes. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the information contained 
herein.  Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuer in connection with the Programme.  No Dealer or the Trustee accepts any liability in relation to the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information 
provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Trustee to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes.  
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer.  Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person 
to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Dealers and the 
Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of 
the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to 
their attention.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) includes a legend titled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and 
UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and 
should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend titled “MiFID II product 
governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor 
subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
(by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions.  The Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any 
such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes.  In particular, 
there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United 
States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Denmark, Singapore and Japan - see “Subscription and Sale”.  
SINGAPORE: SECTION 309B(1)(C) NOTIFICATION 
In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended, 
the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the 
“CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has, unless otherwise specified before an offer of Notes, determined

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that all Notes to be issued 
under the Programme are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the “MAS”) Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The relevant Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore 
Securities and Futures Act Product Classification” stating the product classification of the Notes of such 
Tranche. Any such legend included on the applicable Final Terms will constitute a notice to “relevant 
persons” for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 
December 2018 and 31 December 2019 and (ii) the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the nine months ended 30 September 2020 (together, the “Financial Statements”). 
The Issuer’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
financial year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Financial Statements 
have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board. 
Alternative Performance Measures  
Certain financial measures presented by the Issuer in this Base Prospectus are not defined in accordance with 
IFRS accounting standards. However, the Issuer believes that these alternative performance measures 
provide useful supplementary information to both investors and the Issuer’s management, as they facilitate 
the evaluation of the Issuer’s performance. It is to be noted that since not all companies calculate financial 
measurements in the same manner, these are not always comparable to measurements used by other 
companies (even if similarly labelled). Accordingly, these financial measures should not be seen as a 
substitute for measures defined according to IFRS. The list below presents alternative performance measures 
to the extent that such information is not defined according to IFRS and not included in the Issuer’s financial 
statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Financial measure 
Definition 
Rationale for inclusion 
Cash conversion  
Equal to Free cash flow excl. M&A / 
EBITA. 
Free cash flow excluding any acquisition 
and divestment activities in proportion to 
EBITA. 
EBITA 
Operating 
profit 
(loss) 
before 
amortisation 
and 
impairment 
of 
acquired 
intangible 
assets, 
impairment of goodwill and gains 
(losses) on divestment of operations 
etc. 
EBITA 
therefore 
includes 
amortisation of development projects 
and software developed in-house. 
A measure of profitability. 
EBITA Margin 
Equal to EBITA / Revenue as 
disclosed on page 59 of the 2019 
Annual Report. 
A measure of profitability.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
EBITDA 
Operating 
profit 
(loss) 
before 
depreciation 
and 
impairment 
of 
property, 
plant 
and 
equipment, 
amortisation 
and 
impairment 
of 
intangible assets, except development 
projects, impairment of goodwill and 
gains (losses) on divestment of 
operations etc. EBITDA therefore 
include amortisation of development 
projects. 
A measure of profitability. 
Effective tax rate 
Tax on profit / Profit before tax as 
disclosed on page 59 of the 2019 
Annual Report. 
Measures the amount of tax in profit and 
loss as a proportion of profit before tax. 
Financial items 
Net financial income and expenses, 
as defined in accounting policies on 
page 100 of the 2019 Annual Report. 
A measure of the Group’s net income and 
expenses related to financing, derivatives 
etc. 
Free cash flow excl. 
M&A 
Cash flow from operating activities 
and 
cash 
flow 
from 
investing 
activities, excluding cash flow from 
acquisition 
and 
divestment 
of 
companies/operations. The respective 
numbers are disclosed on page 61 of 
the 2019 Annual Report. 
Measures 
the 
Group’s 
cash 
flow 
excluding any acquisition and divestment 
activities and thereby the cash flows that 
can be directly utilised. 
Gross Margin 
Equal to Gross profit / Revenue as 
disclosed on page 59 of the 2019 
Annual Report. 
Measures the gross profit of the Group 
relative to revenue. 
Gross Profit 
Revenue less Production costs as 
disclosed on page 59 of the 2019 
Annual Report. Production costs are 
defined on page 74 of the Annual 
Report 2019. 
Measures the profitability of the Group as 
revenue less production costs. 
Leverage/ Leverage 
Development  
NIBD / 12 month rolling EBITDA, 
each as defined on page 115 of the 
2019 Annual Report. 
Measures the leverage of the Group 
relative 
to 
the 
EBITDA 
earnings 
measure. 
Net working capital as 
% of revenue 
Net working capital / Revenue. Net 
working capital is defined on page 
115 of the 2019 Annual Report. 
Measures 
the 
group’s 
liquidity, 
operational efficiency and its short-term 
financial health relative to its revenue. 
NIBD 
Bank loans and issued bonds less 
Cash and cash equivalents 
Measures the leverage of the Group. 
NIBD/EBITDA 
NIBD / 12 month rolling EBITDA 
Measures the leverage of the Group 
relative 
to 
the 
EBITDA 
earnings 
measure. 
Operating Profit 
Profit (loss) before tax and financial 
items. 
Measures the profit of the group before 
tax and financial items.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Organic Growth 
Equal to Absolute organic sales 
growth / Sales in comparative period 
Measures growth excluding the impact of 
acquisitions, divestments and foreign 
exchange adjustments from year-on-year 
comparisons. 
Profit before tax 
Profit for the year before Tax on 
profit, as disclosed on page 59 of the 
2019 Annual Report. 
Measures the profit of the group before 
tax. 
Reductions in Trade 
Receivables/revenue 
Trade receivables as disclosed on 
page 60 of the 2019 Annual Report / 
Revenue as disclosed on page 59 of 
the 2019 Annual Report. 
Measures the level of the Group’s 
receivables from sales relative to its 
revenue. 
ROIC (EBITA/Invested 
capital) 
Cash flow from operating activities 
and 
cash 
flow 
from 
investing 
activities, excluding cash flow from 
acquisition 
and 
divestment 
of 
companies/operations. The respective 
numbers are disclosed on page 61 of 
the 2019 Annual Report. 
Measures 
the 
Group’s 
cash 
flow 
excluding any acquisition and divestment 
activities and thereby the cash flows that 
can be directly utilised. 
 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined 
below:  
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
 
“GN” and the “Group” are to the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
 
“U.S. dollars” refers to United States dollars; 
 
“DKK” refers to Danish krone; 
 
“SEK” refers to Swedish krona; 
 
“NOK” refers to Norwegian krone; 
 
“Sterling” and “£” refer to pounds sterling; and 
 
“euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as 
amended. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law. 
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom ceased to be a member of the European Union (the “EU”) and the 
EEA. By virtue of Part 4 of the withdrawal agreement between the EU and the UK under Article 50(2) of the 
Treaty of the European Union (the “Withdrawal Agreement”) and the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020, EU law and EU-derived 
domestic legislation will continue to apply to and in the UK during a transition period lasting until 31 
December 2020 (unless extended). During the transition period the UK will continue to be treated as a 
member state under EU law unless otherwise specified. References in this Base Prospectus to the EU and the 
EEA and to law and regulation applicable in the EU or the EEA should be construed accordingly. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward-looking statements.  Forward-
looking statements include statements concerning the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s plans, objectives, goals, 
strategies, future operations and performance and the assumptions, estimates and judgements underlying 
these forward-looking statements. When used in this Base Prospectus, words such as “anticipates”, 
“estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, “may”, “will”, “should” and any 
similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on 
the current view of Issuer’s and the Group’s management with respect to future events and financial 
performance based on estimates, judgements and assumptions. Although the Issuer believes that the 
expectations, estimates, judgements and projections reflected in its forward-looking statements are 
reasonable as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s and the Group’s actual results of operation may 
vary materially from those expected, estimated or predicted. 
Any forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer 
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any 
updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations, 
assumptions, judgements, estimates or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such 
forward-looking statement is based. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency;

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes.  Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
Overview of the Programme ............................................................................................................................ 10 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 15 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 36 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 38 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 42 
Applicable Pricing Supplement ........................................................................................................................ 56 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 70 
Use of Proceeds .............................................................................................................................................. 112 
Description of the Issuer and the Group ......................................................................................................... 113 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 124 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 127 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 131 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  
However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the 
date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is 
made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the 
relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement).  The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other 
than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than 
Exempt Notes, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, will be 
published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
GN Store Nord A/S 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
5493008U3H3W0NKPFL10  
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.  In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme.  All of 
these are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Nordea Bank Abp  
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
and any other Dealers appointed from time to time in accordance 
with the Dealer Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (“FSMA”) unless they are issued to a limited 
class of professional investors and have a denomination of at least

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch  
Registrar: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A.  
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited  
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, Japanese yen, 
SEK, NOK, DKK and any other currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is at par or at 
a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in “Form of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement).

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark discontinuation:  
In the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, such that any rate of 
interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be (or is no longer 
permitted to be) determined by reference to the original 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, then an Independent Adviser appointed by 
the Issuer may (subject to certain conditions and in consultation 
with the Issuer) be permitted to substitute such benchmark and/or 
screen rate (as applicable) with a successor, replacement or 
alternative benchmark and/or screen rate (with consequent 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the 
application of an adjustment spread (which could be positive, 
negative or zero)). See Condition 5.2(c) for further information. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be offered and sold at, or at a discount or 
premium to, their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be included 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the 
applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
(other than for taxation reasons pursuant to Condition 7.2 or 
following an Event of Default as provided in Condition 10 or, in 
the case of Exempt Notes, in specified instalments, if applicable) 
or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Issuer Call) and/or Condition 7.6 
(Issuer Residual Call Option) and/or at the option of the 
Noteholders pursuant to Condition 7.4 (Change of Control Put 
Event) and/or Condition 7.5 (Investor Put) as provided in the 
relevant Condition, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.   
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that: 
(i) 
the minimum denomination of each Note will be such 
amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, 
see “Certain Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less 
than one year” above; and  
(ii) 
the minimum denomination of each Note (other than an 
Exempt Note) will be €100,000 or, where it is a Note to be 
admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a specific 
segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) have 
access, €1,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amounts in such 
currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8.  In the event that any 
such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8, be required to pay 
Additional Amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4. 
Cross Acceleration: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross acceleration provision 
as further described in Condition 10. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and rateably, 
without any preference among themselves and equally with all 
other existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer but, in the event of a winding up, save for 
such obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that 
are mandatory and of general application. 
Listing: 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series.  Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, in 
the case of Exempt Notes) will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, Denmark, 
Singapore and Japan and such other restrictions as may be 
required in connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”.  
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C, TEFRA D or TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes.  There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due.  It is not possible to identify 
all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a 
result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s control. The Issuer has identified in this Base 
Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make 
payments due.  The Issuer is the parent company of the Group. Consequently, all risks relating to the Group 
described in this section “Risk Factors” also apply to the Issuer. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the Group’s ability to compete effectively and differentiate its products 
If the Group fails to innovate and develop new products and solutions in a timely and cost-effective manner 
for new and existing product categories, its business and operating results could be adversely affected 
The Group’s product categories are characterised by continuously evolving technology, dynamic consumer 
demand and evolving industry standards, resulting in relatively short product life cycles (approximately 18 
months to three years in high-end channels), high levels of competition in its consumer businesses and 
frequent new product introductions. As a result, the Group must continually innovate new and existing 
product categories, introduce new products and solutions, and enhance existing products in order to remain 
competitive. 
The success of the Group’s product portfolio depends on several factors, including its ability to: 
 
identify new features, functionality and opportunities; 
 
anticipate technology, market trends and consumer preferences; 
 
develop innovative, high-quality, and reliable new products and solutions in a cost-effective and 
timely manner; 
 
distinguish its products from those of competitors;  
 
offer products at prices and on terms that are attractive to customers; and 
 
secure strong reviews from relevant media and channels. 
If the Group does not execute on these factors successfully, products that are introduced or technologies or 
standards that are adopted may not gain widespread commercial acceptance, and the Group’s business and 
operating results could suffer. In addition, if the Group does not continue to differentiate its products through 
distinctive, technologically advanced features, designs, and services that are appealing to customers, as well 
as continue to build and strengthen access to distribution channels, its business could be adversely affected.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
The development of new products and solutions can be very difficult and requires high levels of innovation. 
The development process is often lengthy and costly. There are significant initial expenditures for research 
and development (“R&D”), tooling, manufacturing processes, inventory and marketing, and the Group may 
not be able to recover such investments. If the Group fails to accurately anticipate technological trends or 
user needs or preferences, is unable to complete the development of products and solutions in a cost-
effective and timely fashion or is unable to appropriately increase production to fulfil customer demand, it 
will be unable to successfully introduce new products and solutions into the market or compete with other 
providers. Even if the Group completes the development of its new products and solutions in a cost-effective 
and timely manner, such products may not be competitive with products developed by others, they may not 
achieve acceptance in the market at anticipated levels or at all, they may not be profitable or, even if they are 
profitable, they may not achieve margins that are in line with the Group’s expectations or historical 
performance.  
As the Group introduces new or enhanced products, integrates new technology into new or existing products, 
or reduces the overall number of products offered, the Group faces risks including, among other things, 
disruption in customers’ ordering patterns, high levels of new and existing product inventories, revenue 
deterioration in its existing product lines, insufficient supplies of new products to meet customers’ demand, 
possible product and technology defects, and a potentially different sales and support environment. 
Premature announcements or leaks of new products, features or technologies may exacerbate some of these 
risks by reducing the effectiveness of product launches, reducing sales volumes of current products due to 
anticipated future products, making it more difficult to compete, shortening the period of differentiation 
based on product innovation, straining relationships with partners or increasing market expectations for the 
results of new products before the Group has had an opportunity to demonstrate the market viability of the 
products. The Group’s failure to manage the transition to new products or the integration of new technology 
into new or existing products could adversely affect its business, results of operations, operating cash flows 
and financial condition. 
If the Group does not compete effectively, demand for its products could decline and its business and 
operating results could be adversely affected 
The industry in which the Group operates is very competitive and has a strong focus on technology. Most 
competitors are large and well-financed with highly effective R&D, marketing and sales capabilities 
enabling continual performance enhancements, supporting rapid adoption of technological and product 
advancements in the Group’s markets.  
Many of the Group’s competitors have broad product portfolios across several product categories and are 
able to use the strength of their technologies to develop integrated products in adjacent categories. The 
Group’s competitors have the ability to bring new products to market quickly and at competitive prices. The 
Group experiences price competition and other promotional activities from its primary competitors and from 
less-established brands, including brands owned by retailers. In addition, competitors may offer customers 
terms and conditions that are more favourable than those of the Group and may require the Group to take 
actions to increase its customer incentive programs, which could impact the Group’s revenues and operating 
margins. 
The consumer-oriented business is more competitive than the enterprise space, and the Group faces a risk of 
disruption in the business-to-business channels to drive prices and margins down as substantially larger 
competitors could enter the hardware space more aggressively. 
The Group remains alert to opportunities in new categories and markets. As the Group does so, it confronts 
new competitors, many of which have more experience in such categories or markets and have greater 
marketing resources and brand name recognition than the Group and/or are attracted by attractive growth 
rates within certain segments. Many of these companies may have greater financial, technical, sales and 
other resources than the Group.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
In addition, the Group’s competitors may be able to control distribution channels or offer pricing advantages 
on bundled hardware and software products that the Group may not be able to offer, and may be financially 
positioned to exert significant downward pressure on product prices and upward pressure on promotional 
incentives in order to gain market share, all of which could result in a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business and results of operations. 
The Group generates a significant part of its revenue from partnerships with a number of channels that 
occasionally put their business up for tender, or that operate with fixed-term supply contracts. Whilst the 
Group has limited exposure to public tenders, as competition in the industry increases, there is greater risk 
that the Group could be negatively impacted if such business is awarded to competitors when it is re-
tendered or renewed.   
Moreover, attractive growth in the GN Audio business, as evidenced by the Group’s organic revenue growth, 
could entice new competitors to enter the market, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business and results of operations.  
The Group’s intellectual property rights could be infringed on by others, and the Group may infringe on the 
intellectual property rights of others resulting in claims or lawsuits. Intellectual property claims and 
disputes may also prevent the commercialisation of certain products or may require the Group to pay 
royalties  
The Group’s success depends, in part, on its ability to protect its copyrights, inventions (patents), trademarks, 
trade secrets, and other intellectual property, including the Group’s rights to certain domain names. The 
Group relies on a combination of nondisclosure agreements, exclusive technology alliances and other 
contractual provisions as well as patent, trademark, trade secret, and copyright laws to protect its proprietary 
rights. Effective protection and enforcement of the Group’s intellectual property rights may not be available 
in every country in which its products are distributed to customers. The process of seeking intellectual 
property protection can be lengthy, expensive, and uncertain. Patents may not be issued in response to the 
Group’s applications, and any that may be issued may be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged by others. 
If the Group is required to enforce its intellectual property rights through litigation, the costs and diversion of 
management’s attention could be substantial. Furthermore, the Group may be countersued by an actual or 
alleged infringer if the Group attempts to enforce its intellectual property rights, which may materially 
increase costs, divert management attention, and result in injunctive or financial damages being awarded 
against the Group. In addition, existing patents, copyright registrations, trademarks, trade secrets and domain 
names may not provide competitive advantages or be adequate to safeguard and maintain the Group’s rights. 
If it is not feasible or possible to obtain, enforce, or protect the Group’s intellectual property rights, its 
business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
Certain patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets used by the Group are owned by third parties that 
may make claims or commence litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of 
intellectual property rights. These claims or allegations may relate to intellectual property that the Group 
develops or that is incorporated in the materials or components provided by one or more suppliers. The 
Group’s products, technologies and the components and materials contained in its products may be subject to 
certain third-party claims and, regardless of the merits of such claims, intellectual property claims are often 
time-consuming and expensive to invalidate, litigate, settle, or otherwise resolve. Many of the Group’s 
agreements with its distributors and resellers require it to indemnify them for certain third-party intellectual 
property infringement claims. To the extent claims against the Group or the Group’s suppliers are successful, 
it may have to pay substantial monetary damages or discontinue the manufacturing and distribution of 
products that are found to be in violation of another party’s rights. 
The Group also may have to obtain, or renew on less favourable terms, licenses to manufacture and 
distribute its products or materials or components included in those products or it may be required to pay 
new or additional royalties, which may significantly increase the Group’s operating expenses.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Discharging the Group’s indemnity obligations may involve time-consuming and expensive litigation and 
may result in substantial settlements or damages awards, products being enjoined, and the loss of a 
distribution channel or retail partner, any of which may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s 
operating results. Claims by others that the Group infringes their proprietary technology could adversely 
affect the Group’s business. 
The Group is a member of trade organisations, which may be challenged on competition grounds 
The Group is subject to a number of competition risks in the jurisdictions in which it operates. The hearing 
instruments industry is made up of a limited number of market participants, with the main competitors 
accounting for a large proportion of the market. The relative size and market share of the participants may 
mean that further consolidation could face regulatory obstacles. In addition, the Group is subject to 
legislation in many of the jurisdictions in which it operates relating to unfair competitive practices and 
similar behaviour. There can be no assurance that the Group will not be subject to allegations of, or 
regulatory investigations or proceedings into, such activities. 
For example, GN Hearing A/S (“GN Hearing”) is a shareholder, along with several other industry 
participants, in the Hearing Instrument Manufacturers Patent Partnership (“HIMPP”), a partnership that (i) 
acquires patents available in the open market to make them available to the hearing instrument industry 
(including its partners) on equal and reasonable terms (and to prevent acquisition by non-practising entities 
who might use them against the industry), and (ii) opposes overly-broad patent claims that could threaten fair 
competition, which provides a cost efficient basis to counteract such threats. Although HIMPP does not 
restrict licensing and offers licences on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms, there is a risk that, if 
challenged, this arrangement could be seen as an anti-competitive barrier to entry for new participants. GN 
Hearing is also a member of the Hearing Instrument Manufacturers Software Association (“HIMSA”), 
which is a software sharing consortium between major market participants in the hearing instruments 
industry. HIMSA operates as a private company that develops software for hearing instrument fitting and 
hearing loss measurement. Since the hearing instruments market is made up of a very small number of 
competitors, there is an increased risk that these arrangements could face enhanced scrutiny from 
competition regulators and authorities. In the event that such allegations are made or investigations or 
proceedings initiated (irrespective of merit), the Group may be required to devote significant management 
resources to defending its position against such allegations, and in the event that such allegations result in 
adverse orders, decisions or verdicts, the Group may be subject to significant fines, damages awards and 
other regulatory action, which could impact its cash flows and have a material adverse effect on its business, 
results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group’s success largely depends on its ability to hire, retain, integrate and motivate sufficient numbers 
of qualified personnel, including senior management. The Group’s strategy and ability to innovate, design 
and produce new products, sell products, maintain operating margins and control expenses depend on key 
personnel that may be difficult to replace 
The Group’s success depends on its ability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel, including senior 
management and international personnel. 
Retaining and recruiting skilled personnel, including software and hardware engineers, is highly competitive. 
If the Group fails to provide competitive compensation to its employees, it will be difficult to retain, hire and 
integrate qualified employees and contractors, and the Group may not be able to maintain and expand its 
business. If the Group does not retain senior managers or other key employees for any reason, the Group 
risks losing institutional knowledge, experience, expertise and other benefits of continuity as well as the 
ability to attract and retain other key employees. Failure to attract, retain and grow the right talent on an 
ongoing basis, could result in the Group being unable to continue delivering innovative and relevant 
products, successfully execute on its strategy and build a sustainable organisation for the future.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
In addition, the Group must carefully balance the size of its employee base with its current infrastructure, 
management resources and anticipated operating cash flows. If the Group is unable to manage the size of its 
employee base, particularly engineers, it may fail to develop and introduce new products successfully and in 
a cost-effective and timely manner. If the Group’s revenue growth or employee levels vary significantly, its 
operating cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
Furthermore, the Group’s ability to deliver on its ambitious strategic objectives depends on its ability to 
ensure that the entire global organisation is fully aligned behind its strategy and that this translates into 
seamless strategy execution. 
The outbreak of COVID-19 continues to represent a substantial risk to the Group’s business, operating 
results and financial position 
The COVID-19 pandemic, and the measures implemented by governments in Denmark and around the world 
in response to it, have adversely affected the Group, and may continue to do so, in a number of ways.  
A spread of infection amongst the employees of the Group, as well as any quarantines, mandatory or 
recommended closures or other lockdown restrictions imposed by governments and affecting the employees 
of the Group or the Group’s facilities, may reduce the ability of the Group’s personnel to carry out their work 
and thereby affect the Group’s operations. Further, the current pandemic and any possible future outbreaks 
may have an adverse effect on the Group’s suppliers and/or logistics providers, resulting in a lack or delay of 
supplies necessary for the Group to carry out its operations, or resulting in interruptions in production or 
distribution. In addition, any quarantine, lockdown restrictions or spread of virus may affect the ability of the 
customers of the Group to carry out their operations, make sales or take deliveries, and the impact on the 
Group’s direct customers may in turn affect the ability of the Group’s end-customers to purchase certain of 
the Group’s products. 
Further, the Group may be adversely affected by the wider macroeconomic effect of the ongoing COVID-19 
pandemic, any possible future outbreaks and any government initiatives implemented in response thereto. 
While the final effects of the COVID-19 pandemic are at this stage difficult to assess, it is possible that it 
will have substantial negative effect on the economies where the Group operates. Such effects may also arise 
in case of potential future outbreaks. Any negative effect on the economy may also adversely impact 
consumer ability or willingness to purchase the Group’s products. Such general negative effects on the 
economy may also result in the insolvency of the Group’s business partners, which could affect the 
operations of the Group, as well as its financial standing. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has had and is expected to continue to have a material effect on the business and 
financial performance of GN Hearing. In particular, the pandemic has had a material effect on the 
supply/demand mechanisms in the end-markets for hearing aids and, to a certain extent, resulted in 
disruptions, delays in GN Hearing’s supply chain, production and manufacturing channels, logistics setup 
and transportation services and has led to increase in related costs, as well as quarantines and lockdowns of 
employees or employees of suppliers, partners, etc., and governmental shutdowns.  
The effects of COVID-19 on the financial performance of the Group are likely to continue in the foreseeable 
future; however, the magnitude and duration of the effects will depend on the future developments of 
COVID-19. Although COVID-19 to date has only had a more limited effect on GN Audio, in particular 
related to increased freight and production costs, the uncertainties and effects of this pandemic may also 
have a material effect on GN Audio; for example, the Group’s performance could be severely affected if its 
manufacturing facilities are impacted by the pandemic. Such developments and potential future outbreaks are 
inherently unpredictable, as the Group cannot assess the duration and severity of the outbreak, and the 
implications of the actions taken in response to COVID-19.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Risks related to the Group’s reputation  
If the Group is not able to maintain and enhance its reputation, or if its reputation is damaged, its business 
and operating results could be adversely affected 
The Group has developed long-term value in its reputation and has invested significantly in its existing 
technology and product quality over the past several years. The Group believes that its technology, product 
quality and solutions have significantly contributed to the success of its business and that maintaining and 
enhancing its reputation is important to the Group’s future growth and success. Maintaining and enhancing 
the Group’s reputation will require significant investments and will depend largely on its future products and 
solutions, which may not be successful and may damage the Group’s reputation. The Group’s reputation is 
also dependent on third parties, such as suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, retailers, product reviewers 
and the media as well as online consumer product reviews, consumer recommendations and referrals. It can 
take significant time, resources and expense to overcome negative publicity, reviews or perception. Any 
negative effect on the Group’s reputation, could adversely affect its business and results of operations.  
In the consumer-oriented business, the importance of on-line reviews is increased, and can have a significant 
impact on the success of new product launches. In addition, the consumer-oriented business’ products are 
subject to increased counterfeiting and the Group is continuously implementing countermeasures in online 
channels to minimise the negative effects to the Group of counterfeit products in the market place. 
Product quality issues could adversely affect the Group’s reputation, business and its operating results 
The market for the Group’s products is characterised by rapidly changing technology and evolving industry 
standards. To remain competitive, the Group must continually introduce new products and technologies. The 
Group’s products and solutions, including software, could contain defects in design or manufacturing. 
Defects could also occur in the products, components or software that are supplied to the Group. There can 
be no assurance that the Group will be able to detect and remedy all defects in the hardware and software it 
sells. Failure to do so could result in product recalls, product liability claims and litigation, product redesign 
efforts, lost revenue, loss of reputation, and significant warranty and other expenses to remedy. 
There can be no assurance that the provisions made by the Group and insurance policies purchased by it 
will prove to be adequate 
While the Group maintains reserves for reasonably estimated liabilities and takes out liability insurance 
which it considers satisfactory, the Group’s reserves or policy limits may not be sufficient to cover such 
claims and liabilities and the Group’s insurance policies are subject to deductibles. Furthermore, the Group’s 
contracts with distributors and retailers may contain warranty, indemnification and other provisions related 
to product quality issues extending beyond mandatory legal requirements, and claims under such provisions 
may adversely affect the Group’s business and operating results. 
Although the Group insures its major insurable risks (e.g. property damage and business interruption, general 
and public liability including from product recalls, financial lines such as cyber liability, crime and director’s 
and officer’s liability), and although the Group considers that the limits of the insurance policies it acquires 
are satisfactory, there is a risk that the coverage may not be sufficient or that specific exclusions could lead 
to a material coverage gap. In addition, there is a risk that the Group may be unable to renew its insurance 
policies on comparable terms, or at all, and/or the premiums for renewal may increase significantly, 
depending on prevailing market conditions and the level of claims or losses made by the Group. 
The Group’s business depends to a large and increasing degree on reliable and secure IT systems. 
Significant disruptions in, or breaches in security of, the Group’s IT systems, websites and other public-
facing media or its information technology systems could adversely affect its business

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
The Group’s business depends to a large and increasing degree on reliable and secure IT systems to store 
intellectual property, forecast its business, maintain financial and legal records, manage operations and 
inventory, and operate other critical functions. The Group is continuously and increasingly investing to 
modernise core systems to support a digital future. The Group’s IT systems, websites and other public-facing 
media  (such as its social media accounts) are susceptible to damage, cyber security breaches, disruptions, 
unauthorised access, leaks or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, structural or operational 
failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, other data security issues, telecommunication 
failures, user error, malfeasance, catastrophes, system or software upgrades, integration or migration, or 
other foreseeable and unforeseen events. The Group may be exposed to cyber-attacks, which could result in 
certain of its systems becoming unavailable, potentially for an extended duration. The techniques used by 
cyber criminals to obtain unauthorised access change frequently and may be difficult to detect and often are 
not recognised until a security breach. A number of the Group’s competitors have been the subject of cyber-
attacks, and in 2019 one of the Group’s competitors experienced a cyber-attack on its IT infrastructure that 
forced the company to shut down IT systems across multiple sites and business units, leading to significant 
disruptions in its operations and material financial losses.  
In addition, given the Group handles sensitive information about its products, employees, business partners, 
customers and end-users, amongst others, it is subject to significant risks in the event of data breaches, which 
could include theft, loss or improper disclosure of personal data and/or other commercially sensitive 
information. Privacy breaches could occur inadvertently or intentionally by the Group’s employees. 
Breaches or disruptions of the Group’s IT systems, websites or other public-facing media, breaches of 
confidentiality obligations related to confidential information, data corruption or other data security issues 
could adversely affect the Group’s brands, reputation, relationships with customers or business partners, or 
consumer or investor perception of the Group, business or products or could result in disruptions of its 
operations, loss of intellectual property or its customers’ or its business partners’ data, reduced value of 
investments in its brands, design, R&D or engineering, or costs to address regulatory inquiries or actions or 
private litigation, to respond to customers or partners or to rebuild or restore its IT systems, websites or other 
public-facing media, all of which could adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations and 
financial condition. 
Risks related to the Group’s supply, manufacture and distribution facilities 
The Group purchases key components and products from a limited number of sources, and its business and 
operating results could be adversely affected if supply were delayed or constrained or if there were 
shortages of required components 
The Group purchases certain key materials, components and products from a limited number of sources. If 
the supply of these key materials, components or products were to be delayed or constrained, or if one or 
more of its single-source suppliers were to go out of business (including, without limitation, as a result of 
adverse global economic conditions, pandemics (such as COVID-19) or natural disasters), the Group may be 
unable to find a new supplier on acceptable terms in the short-term, or at all, and the Group’s product 
shipments to customers could be delayed, which could adversely affect the Group’s business, financial 
condition and operating results. 
Lead times for materials, components and products ordered by the Group or by its contract manufacturers 
can vary significantly and depend on factors such as contract terms, demand and supplier capacity. From 
time to time, the Group has experienced component shortages and extended lead times for materials used in 
its products. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of materials, components or products, or the Group’s 
inability to procure these materials, components or products from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a 
timely manner, could delay shipment of its products or increase its production costs, which could adversely 
affect its business and operating results. 
Prices of certain raw materials and components may rise depending upon global market conditions, which 
may adversely affect the Group’s margins

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
The Group has experienced and expects to continue to experience volatility in prices from its suppliers, 
which could negatively affect its profitability or market share. If the Group is unable to pass cost increases 
on to its customers or achieve operating efficiencies that offset any increases, the Group’s business, financial 
condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
The Group relies on third parties to sell and distribute its products. Disruption of the Group’s relationship 
with these channel partners, changes in or issues with their business practices, their failure to provide timely 
and accurate information, changes in distribution partners, practices or models, conflicts among its 
channels of distribution, or failure to build and scale its own sales force for certain product categories and 
enterprise channel partners could adversely affect its business, results of operations, operating cash flows 
and financial condition 
The Group’s products are sold in around 100 countries across the world. The Group has its own organisation 
in 30 countries and operates via partners and distributors in the other countries.  
The Group is dependent on partners to distribute and sell its products to indirect sales channel partners and 
ultimately to consumers. The sales and business practices of all such sales channel partners, their compliance 
with laws and regulations, and their reputations, of which the Group may or may not be aware, may affect 
the Group’s business and its reputation. 
Moreover, the Group’s reliance, in some parts of its business, on one global logistics partner for optimising 
lead-time to the final customer exposes it to additional risks resulting from issues encountered by such a 
partner in the operation of its own business.  
The impact of economic conditions, evolving consumer preferences, and purchasing patterns on the Group’s 
distribution partners, or competition between its sales channels, could result in sales channel disruption. For 
example, if sales at large retail stores are displaced as a result of bankruptcy, competition from internet sales 
channels or otherwise, the Group’s product sales could be adversely affected. Any loss of a major partner or 
distribution channel or other channel disruption could make the Group more dependent on alternate 
channels, increase pricing and promotional pressures from other partners and distribution channels, increase 
the Group’s marketing costs, or adversely impact buying and inventory patterns, payment terms or other 
contractual terms. 
The Group’s sales channel partners also sell products offered by the Group’s competitors. There is a risk that 
such partners could de-emphasise or decline to carry the Group’s products, for example: 
 
if competitors offer more favourable terms or have more products available to meet the needs of the 
channel; 
 
if competitors utilise the leverage of a broader array of integrated product lines sold through a channel; 
or 
 
if the Group’s sale channels partners show preference for their own or other brands. 
In addition, certain of the Group’s sales channel partners could decide to de-emphasise the product 
categories that the Group offers in exchange for other product categories that they believe provide them with 
higher returns. If the Group is unable to maintain successful relationships with these sales channel partners 
or to maintain the Group’s distribution channels, the Group’s business may suffer. 
As the Group expands into new product categories and markets in pursuit of growth, the Group may have to 
build relationships with new channel partners and adapt to new distribution and marketing models. These 
new partners, practices and models may require significant management attention and operational resources 
and may affect the Group’s accounting, including revenue recognition, gross margins, and the ability to 
make comparisons from period to period. Entrenched and more experienced competitors may make these 
transitions difficult.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
If the Group is unable to successfully manage its distribution channels or build and scale its own enterprise 
sales force or successfully market its products, the Group may not be able to take advantage of the growth 
opportunities, and the Group’s business and its ability to grow the business could be adversely affected. 
The Group’s products are complex to manufacture; the Group may encounter manufacturing difficulties, and 
manufacturing may be disrupted by events which are outside the Group’s control 
The Group’s products are required to adhere to strict consistency requirements and are produced in 
compliance with a defined manufacturing process. Accordingly, it is essential to be able to validate and 
control the manufacturing process to ensure that it replicates products and processes accurately and reliably. 
Slight deviations anywhere in the manufacturing process, such as changing materials, labelling, packaging, 
storage and shipping conditions or changing quality control testing may result in failures, delays in 
production, product recalls or spoilage and any of these failures could lead to increased costs due to 
duplicative or replacement manufacturing. 
The Group’s own facilities and the facilities used by the Group’s contract manufacturers or suppliers to 
manufacture the Group’s products are subject to audit and inspections from regulatory authorities. Non-
compliance may result in recall of the Group’s products and may cause the Group to lose its regulatory 
clearances.  
Certain of the Group’s products must be manufactured in accordance with current good manufacturing 
practice (“cGMP”) regulations. These regulations govern manufacturing processes and procedures, 
including record keeping and the implementation and operation of quality systems to control and assure the 
quality of certain products. The Group and its collaborators must supply all necessary documentation in 
support of a clearance or a submission or during an audit on a timely basis and must adhere to cGMP 
requirements enforced by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) and other regulatory agencies. 
The Group does not control the implementation of the manufacturing process of, and is dependent on, the 
Group’s contract manufacturers or other third-party manufacturers and suppliers for compliance with the 
cGMPs. If the Group or its collaborators fail to comply with cGMP, the Group could experience a disruption 
in the supply of the Group’s products, which could delay or prevent regulatory clearance or commercial 
launch of such products and which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business and 
financial results. 
In addition, the Group may not be able to successfully increase manufacturing capacity in a timely or cost-
effective manner, or at all. Moreover, quality issues may arise during scale-up activities. If the Group is 
unable to successfully scale up the manufacturing in sufficient quality and quantity, this could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business and financial results. To meet commercial commitments to 
deliver its products, the Group builds up inventory, however, from time to time such inventories may be low 
or non-existing, in particular following delivery of larger orders. If back-up inventories are not sufficient, the 
Group may not be able to fulfil commercial commitments in case of production failures, delays in 
production, product recalls or spoilage and as a result, the Group could incur liabilities and/or reputational 
damage. 
The Group’s operations, as well as its inventory of components and finished products at the Group’s 
production and storage sites and distribution facilities, could be adversely affected by extraordinary events, 
including fire, mechanical failure, extended or extraordinary maintenance, flood windstorm or other severe 
weather conditions, work stoppages, power interruptions, breakdown in IT-systems or other events outside of 
the Group’s control all of which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
Some of the Group’s manufacturing operations and third-party contract manufacturers are located in China 
and Malaysia, which exposes the Group to risks associated with doing business in those geographic areas as 
well as potential tariffs, adverse tax consequences and pressure to move or diversify the Group’s 
manufacturing locations

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
The Group has central manufacturing sites in Denmark, China and Malaysia and regional operating centres 
located in the United States (the “U.S.”), Spain and Great Britain. A significant part of components used by 
the Group are sourced from suppliers in Asia.  
The Group’s manufacturing operations in China and Malaysia could be materially adversely affected if 
quarantine or mandatory closing of sites and offices due to the COVID-19 pandemic are reintroduced. In 
addition, the Group’s manufacturing operations in China and Malaysia could be materially adversely 
affected by changes in the interpretation and enforcement of legal standards, strains on China’s and 
Malaysia’s available labour pool, changes in labour costs and other employment dynamics, high turnover 
among Chinese and Malaysian employees, infrastructure issues, import-export issues, currency transfer 
restrictions, natural disasters (including pandemics), any conflicts or disagreements arising between China 
and Taiwan or China and the U.S., labour unrest, and other trade practices or customs. Interpretation and 
enforcement of Chinese and Malaysian laws and regulations continue to evolve, and the Group expects 
differences in interpretation and enforcement to continue in the foreseeable future. 
The Group’s manufacturing operations with third-party contractors could be adversely affected by 
contractual disagreements, by labour unrest, by natural disasters, by pandemics (including COVID-19), by 
strains on local communications, trade, and other infrastructures, by competition for the available labour 
pool or manufacturing capacity, by increasing labour and other costs, and by other trade customs and 
practices that are dissimilar to those in the U.S. and Europe. In addition, the Group’s labour costs could 
continue to rise as wage rates increase and the available labour pool declines. 
The Group may be adversely affected by fluctuations in exchange rates 
As noted above, the Group’s products are sold in around 100 countries across the world. It has central 
manufacturing sites in Denmark, China and Malaysia and regional operating centres located in the U.S., 
Spain and Great Britain, and a significant part of the components used by the Group are sourced from 
suppliers in Asia.  
The Group may be exposed to fluctuations in the value of the local currency in the countries in which 
manufacturing occurs, in which it sources components and in which it sells its products and solutions. Future 
appreciation of local currencies where the Group manufactures and sources materials could increase the 
Group’s component and other raw material costs. Depreciation of local currencies where the Group sells its 
products may reduce the Group’s revenues. Whilst the Group’s operations in the U.S. (the most important 
single market for the Group as a whole) provide a natural hedge to some degree (with net positive exposures 
in U.S. dollars in some parts of the business being largely off-set by U.S. dollar expenditure in other parts of 
the business), and the Group’s policy is to hedge forecasted currency exposure on a 12-month forward-
looking basis in its material trading currencies, unforeseen exposures and adverse conditions could adversely 
affect the Group’s financial results. 
Further, due to the current developments and significant fluctuations in the value of local currencies 
following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group’s ability to obtain hedging instruments to 
protect against currency exposures could become limited and/or more expensive. The Group’s business 
could therefore become subject to greater exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates than historically, in 
particular due to a potential combination of the difficulties in obtaining hedging instruments and the more 
significant fluctuations in exchange rates as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Any such fluctuations 
could have a negative effect on the Group’s operating results, cash flows and financial position until other 
mitigating measures have been implemented. 
Risks related to the management assumptions and estimates in financial reporting 
The Group makes certain assumptions, estimates and judgements that affect the amounts reported in the 
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by 
the European Union (“EU”)

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
The Group has entered into financial support arrangements with some of its dispensers of hearing products, 
primarily in the U.S. The arrangements include providing financial support through loans or similar 
instruments and acquiring ownership interests in the dispensers. The agreements are complex as they often 
combine or link multiple elements of the commercial relationship with the dispenser. At 30 June 2020, the 
total carrying amount of loans to dispensers and ownership interests was DKK 886 million. The accounting 
treatment related to these financial support arrangements includes judgements based on facts, circumstances 
and assumptions made by Group management. Areas of judgement include assessing the individual 
components of the arrangements, the classification of the investments and the recoverability of assets 
(impairment testing). Management assesses the recognition and classification of income and expenses for 
each of these agreements, including whether the agreement has an embedded supply agreement or represents 
a discount on future sales. Management also assesses whether current economic conditions and changes in 
customers’ payment behaviour could indicate impairment of outstanding balances. 
 
The Group capitalises development costs. Development costs comprise costs, salaries, and depreciation of 
operating assets and equipment directly or indirectly attributable to the Group’s development activities. The 
carrying amount of capitalised development costs was DKK 1,460 million at 30 June 2020. The criteria for 
capitalisation and impairment testing are in line with IFRS requirements but subject to judgement and 
estimates based on assumptions made by Group management, including consideration of anticipated 
technological developments within the audio and hearing care industry. 
 
Additionally, the Group recognises revenue when control over the underlying products has been obtained by 
a customer and is measured by taking account of incentives, returns and rebates earned by channel partners 
and customers. Due to the multitude and variety of contractual terms across the Group’s markets, the 
estimation of incentives, returns and rebates is complex. In sales, where the customer obtains control of the 
goods upon delivery to the customer, the significant judgements made in determining when the customer 
obtains control of promised goods involve determining when a customer has physical possession of the 
goods and when the customer has accepted the goods due to uncertainty in transportation time. Significant 
accounting estimates and judgements involve determining the portion of expected returns of goods as well as 
the amount of discounts and rebates. The portion of goods sold that is expected to be returned is estimated 
based on historical product returns data. 
 
Whilst the Group believes that the estimates, judgements and assumptions made by Group management are 
reasonable and made after careful consideration having regard to the Group’s experience and historic data 
available to management, by their nature they relate to future events which are uncertain. Such estimates, 
judgements and assumptions may be inaccurate when made or may be rendered inaccurate by subsequent 
changes in circumstances, such as changes in the characteristics of the Group’s offerings or particular 
transactions in response to client demands, the decisions or performance of the Group’s counterparties, 
market developments, regulatory pressures and other factors. In addition, past performance is not necessarily 
indicative of future performance, and estimates or trends extrapolated from historical data, including with 
respect to third-party payment behaviour in assessing impairment of outstanding balances and returns data, 
may prove to be inaccurate. These factors may make the Group’s financial reporting more complex and 
difficult for investors to understand, may make comparison of the results of operations to prior periods or 
other companies more difficult, may make it more difficult for the Group to give accurate guidance, and 
could increase the potential for reporting errors. 
If the Group’s assumptions change or actual circumstances differ from those assumed, or the Group’s 
assumptions, estimates or judgements prove otherwise to be incorrect, the Group’s business, results of 
operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment in which the Group operates 
The Group must comply with various regulatory requirements, and changes in or new regulatory 
requirements may adversely impact its gross margins, reduce its ability to generate revenues if the Group is 
unable to comply, or decrease demand for its products if the actual or perceived quality of its products are 
negatively impacted

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
The Group’s products must meet existing and new requirements set by regulatory authorities in each 
jurisdiction in which the Group sells them. As regulations and local laws change, new regulations are 
enacted, and competition increases, the Group may need to modify its products to address such changes, 
increasing the costs related to design, manufacture, and sale of products, and thereby decreasing its margins 
or potentially demand for the products if the Group attempts to pass along the costs. Regulations may also 
adversely affect the Group’s ability to procure or manufacture raw materials and components necessary for 
its products. Compliance with regulatory restrictions may impact the actual or perceived technical quality 
and capabilities of the Group’s products, reducing their marketability. In addition, if the products the Group 
supplies to various jurisdictions fail to comply with the applicable local or regional regulations, if the 
Group’s customers or merchants transfer products into unauthorised jurisdictions or the Group’s products 
interfere with the proper operation of other devices, the Group or end users purchasing its products may be 
responsible for the damages that the products cause; thereby causing the Group to invest in altering the 
performance of its products, pay potentially substantial monetary damages or penalties, cause harm to its 
reputation, or cause other adverse consequences. 
Moreover, the Group’s hearing aid products may be negatively impacted by new or proposed new regulation 
relating to medical devices. For example, in the U.S. market for hearing aids, establishment of a new over-
the-counter category is expected to be introduced by the FDA by the end of 2020. The precise scope and 
timing of implementation also remains unknown and the overall impact on the Group and the hearing aid 
industry more broadly remains uncertain. However, it is possible that the new framework could incentivise 
new players to enter the market, resulting in the Group experiencing downward pressure on prices. 
Additionally, regulatory requirements concerning quality management systems and product safety of medical 
devices, including hearing aids and certain accessories, are increasing. The EU Medical Device Regulation 
2017/745 (“EUMDR”) imposes stricter requirements with regard to clinical data and safety risk 
management. The heightened standards of the EUMDR are expected to lead to increased compliance costs. 
In addition, as the Group has global operations, the Group’s business is also subject to multiple national and 
local regulatory and compliance requirements from different labour, health, safety and environment, anti-
corruption and antitrust regulations; corporate requirements (including e.g. rules requiring local ownership or 
employee ownership); and other regulatory regimes, and the Group may encounter potential adverse tax 
consequences (including related to transfer pricing) and may not be able to enforce legal rights in certain 
jurisdictions. 
The Group may be exposed to risks associated with product liability, warranties or guarantees, recall 
demands or other claims or lawsuits 
The Group operates within consumer electronics and hearing solutions and its products may suffer from 
quality issues, software problems and/or defects in materials, design, components or other parts, including 
any such parts supplied by third parties. This may cause products to malfunction or not to operate as 
advertised, which may affect customer satisfaction, give rise to warranty claims, lower repurchase rates or 
adversely affect brand value. Further, products could potentially suffer from material defects, for instance 
causing the product to overheat or catch fire when used, which could result in significant harm to property or 
in personal injury and death. Any of the above may give rise to warranty or product liability claims against 
the Group. In addition, the Group may be required or compelled to make a recall of certain products. 
The Group’s products are subject to product warranties with customary warranty periods and, in some cases, 
the Group offers products with full or limited extended warranty. In the event the Group’s products suffer 
from quality issues, defects or malfunctions, the Group will consequently be exposed not only to reputational 
damage but also to warranty claims for the duration of such warranty periods as the Group, and not its retail 
partners, bears the risk of such claims. For product liability claims, statutory time limitations that span 
several years may apply, depending on applicable local legislation.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
A failure to obtain regulatory clearance for and commercialisation of future hearing solutions would have a 
material adverse effect on GN Hearing’s future financial position, results of operations and future growth 
prospects  
GN Hearing is constantly exploring and identifying possible new hearing aids possibilities and technologies, 
with the aim of developing new hearing solutions for the benefit of even more people around the world to 
hear more, do more and be more. This is done through in-house R&D activity and GN Hearing is investing a 
significant part of its revenue in R&D.  
GN Hearing’s business and future success is dependent on its ability to obtain regulatory clearance and 
successfully commercialise products, including future hearing solutions.  
Whether commercialisation is successful will depend on factors such as GN Hearing’s ability to create 
demand for the future hearing solutions, develop successful sales and marketing to support the launch and 
develop partnerships that enhance the availability of future hearing solutions in the marketplace. 
The Group is dependent on its employees and collaborators not to engage in misconduct or other improper 
activities, including violating applicable regulatory standards and requirements or engaging in insider 
trading 
The Group is exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct and the fraud and misconduct of its 
collaborators. Misconduct by the Group’s employees or its collaborators could include inadvertent or 
intentional failures to comply with legal requirements or the requirements of government regulators, provide 
accurate information to applicable government authorities, comply with fraud and abuse and other healthcare 
laws and regulations in Denmark, the U.S. and elsewhere, report financial information or data accurately or 
disclose unauthorised activities to the Group. Sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare 
industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-
dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, 
discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business 
arrangements. Employee or collaborator misconduct could also involve the improper use of, including 
trading on, information obtained in the course of testing, which could result in regulatory sanctions and 
serious harm to the Group’s reputation. The Group has adopted a Code of Conduct, and a number of 
additional policies and procedures to prevent misconduct, but it is not always possible to identify and detect 
employee misconduct, and the precautions the Group takes to detect and prevent this activity may be 
ineffective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting the Group from 
governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws 
or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against the Group, and the Group is not successful in 
defending itself or asserting the Group’s rights, those actions could have a significant negative impact on the 
Group’s business, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. 
The collection, storage, transmission, use and distribution of user data could give rise to liabilities and 
additional costs of operation as a result of laws, governmental regulation and risks of security breaches 
In connection with certain of the Group’s products, the Group collects data related to its customers. This 
information is increasingly subject to legislation and regulations relating to data protection and cyber-
security in numerous jurisdictions around the world, especially in the U.S., China and Europe. For example, 
the European Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), which is applicable to the 
Group and to all companies processing data of European Union residents or within Europe, which became 
effective in May 2018 and imposes potentially significant fines and sanctions for violations of the GDPR. 
The introduction of an accountability principle in the GDPR has required additional attention to ensure 
compliance. The accountability principle dictates that companies must not only comply but also be able to 
demonstrate compliance. Failure to comply or to adequately demonstrate compliance could potentially result 
in significant fines and/or negatively affect perception of the Group’s data protection capability.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
In addition, because various jurisdictions have different laws and regulations concerning the use, storage and 
transmission of such information, the Group may face requirements that pose compliance challenges in 
existing markets as well as new international markets that the Group may seek to enter. The collection of 
user data increases the risk of security breaches and other data security issues related to the Group’s IT 
systems and the systems of third-party data storage and other service and IT providers. Such laws and 
regulations, and the variation between jurisdictions, as well as additional security measures and risk, could 
subject the Group to costs, allocation of additional resources, liabilities or negative publicity that could 
adversely affect the Group’s business. 
Litigation and investigations may adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects  
The Group is involved in litigation and other disputes from time to time in the normal course of its business. 
The likely outcome of proceedings is considered, and it is assessed whether to make provision for any claims 
in the Group’s accounts, including the amount of any such provision. Furthermore, certain of the Group’s 
products are the subject of strict safety and manufacturing standards, including products classified as medical 
devices, and any failure to comply with such standards, or any other defects in any of the products or their 
components, manufacturing or software could result in the Group becoming the subject of regulatory 
investigations, product recalls or sanctions which could have a material adverse impact on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations or profitability, as well as its reputation. 
Whilst the Issuer does not presently expect that current or anticipated claims or litigation involving the 
Group, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse impact on its business or financial 
condition, if the ultimate outcome of proceedings is not in accordance with the Group’s expectations, or if 
the Group incurs significant costs in defending proceedings or actions which it is unable to recover, the 
Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations or profitability may be materially adversely 
affected.  
Changes in trade policy in the U.S. and other countries, including changes in trade agreements and the 
imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences, may have adverse impacts on the Group’s business, 
results of operations and financial condition 
The Group’s products and solutions are sold in around 100 countries across the world and for the year ended 
31 December 2019, 97 per cent. of total revenue was generated outside Denmark. The most important single 
market for the Group as a whole is the U.S., and accordingly changes in the U.S. market or the Group’s 
access to it could have a proportionately larger impact on the Group’s business and financial performance 
over time compared with changes in any other single market.  
The U.S. government has indicated and demonstrated its intent to alter its approach to international trade 
policy through the renegotiation, and potential termination, of certain existing bilateral or multilateral trade 
agreements and treaties with, and the imposition of tariffs on a wide range of products and other goods from, 
China, countries in EMEA and other countries. Given the Group’s manufacturing in China and Asia more 
broadly, policy changes in the U.S. or other countries, such as the tariffs already proposed, implemented and 
threatened in 2019 and 2020, present particular risks for the relevant parts of the Group.  
There are also risks associated with retaliatory tariffs and resulting trade wars. The Group cannot predict 
future trade policy, the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements or treaties, or tariffs and their impact on 
the Group’s business. A trade war could have a significant adverse effect on world trade and the world 
economy.  
To the extent that trade tariffs and other restrictions imposed by the U.S. or other countries increase the price 
of, or limit the amount of, the Group’s products or components or materials used in the Group’s products 
imported into the U.S. or other countries, or create adverse tax consequences, the cost or gross margin of the 
Group’s products may be adversely affected and the demand from customers for such products and services

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
may be diminished if the Group is unable to mitigate fully the effects across its supply chain. As an example, 
the Group’s gross margin for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 was impacted by trade tariffs in the 
last part of the year and the trade tariffs will also impact the Group in the current financial year. 
The United Kingdom’s departure from the EU (commonly referred to as ‘Brexit’) may also negatively 
impact the Group’s business and financial results, including such as creating barriers to free trade, 
introduction of tariffs or taxes. The full effects of the United Kingdom’s exit from the EU are impossible to 
predict but may result in significant market volatility and dislocation. 
Uncertainty surrounding international trade policy and disputes and protectionist measures could also have 
an adverse effect on consumer confidence and spending. If the Group deems it necessary to alter all or a 
portion of its activities or operations in response to such policies, agreements or tariffs, the Group’s capital 
and operating costs may increase. The Group’s ongoing efforts to address these risks may not be effective 
and may have long-term adverse effects on its operations and operating results. Such efforts may also take 
time to implement or to have an effect and may have an adverse impact on the Group’s financial results. As a 
result, changes in international trade policy, changes in trade agreements and tariffs could adversely affect 
the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition. 
The Group is subject to environmental laws and regulations that expose it to a number of risks and could 
result in significant liabilities and costs 
The Group is subject to various environmental laws and regulations, including those governing the use, 
discharge, and disposal of hazardous substances in the ordinary course of the Group’s manufacturing 
processes or the recycling of all or a portion of the components of its products. It is possible that future 
environmental legislation may be enacted or current environmental legislation may be interpreted in any 
given country in a manner that creates environmental liability with respect to the Group’s facilities, 
operations, or products. The Group may also be required to implement new or modify existing policies, 
processes and procedures to meet such environmental laws. Although the Group’s management systems are 
designed to maintain compliance, the Group can provide no assurance that it has been or will be at all times 
in complete compliance with such laws and regulations. If the Group violates or fails to comply with any of 
them, a range of consequences could result, including fines, import/export restrictions, sales limitations, 
criminal and civil liabilities or other sanctions. To the extent any new or modified policies, processes or 
procedures are difficult, time-consuming or costly to implement, the Group may incur claims for 
environmental matters exceeding reserves or insurance limits for environmental liability and the Group’s 
operating results could be negatively impacted. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features, distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might 
occur in relation to certain types of Exempt Notes: 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves 
a similar effective return  
An optional redemption feature (such as the Issuer Call, the Issuer Residual Call Option and the Issuer’s 
right to call the Notes upon certain tax events) is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
In the case of Notes which specify Issuer Residual Call Option as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer’s optional redemption right will become operative where the outstanding aggregate nominal 
amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less than the aggregate nominal amount of Notes originally issued for 
such Series of Notes. In the case of Notes which also specify Investor Put or Change of Control Put as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Noteholders who do not exercise such Investor Put or Change of 
Control Put, as the case may be, may find that their Notes are nevertheless redeemed by the Issuer prior to 
the relevant Maturity Date where the conditions for the exercise of the Issuer Residual Call Option are met as 
a result of other Noteholders exercising their put rights. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes.  At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a 
floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could 
affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as some Zero Coupon Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than 
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks” 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including, inter alia, the London interbank 
offered rate (“LIBOR”) and the euro interbank offered rate (“EURIBOR”)) are the subject of recent 
national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a 
benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply 
with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the 
effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the 
relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Specifically, the sustainability of 
LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active underlying markets and possible 
disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market participants to continue 
contributing to such benchmarks. The United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) has indicated 
through a series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not 
be guaranteed after 2021.  
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro-denominated 
cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, LIBOR, EURIBOR and other 
benchmarks will continue to be supported going forwards. This may cause LIBOR, EURIBOR or such other 
relevant benchmark, as applicable, to perform differently than it has done in the past, and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on 
certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading 
to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a 
result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on the Notes. 
Condition 5.2(c) of the Notes provides for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event 
(as defined in the Terms and Conditions) occurs, which could result in an Independent Adviser replacing the 
original reference rate with a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, applying an Adjustment Spread (which 
could be positive, negative or zero) and amending the terms of the Notes to reflect such replacement, all 
without any need for the consent or approval of Noteholders. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (including with the application of an Adjustment Spread) may result in Notes linked to or referencing 
the original reference rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) 
than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. On the other 
hand, if no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate can be implemented following a Benchmark Event, the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may 
result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and 
the involvement of an Independent Adviser, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the possible

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
application of the benchmark replacement provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark. 
Enforcement of judgments issued by the courts of EU member states in Denmark 
A final judgment of the courts of an EU member state against a company incorporated in Denmark is 
enforceable in Denmark without re-examination of the merits, subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and Council of 12 December 2012 
on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments in Civil and Commercial Matters (recast) 
(the “Brussels I-Regulation”) and the bilateral agreement in relation thereto between Denmark and the 
European Community of 19 October 2005 (and any protocol and accession convention in respect thereof) 
and Danish Consolidated Act no. 1282 of 14 November 2018, implementing the Brussels I-Regulation and 
such bilateral agreement in Denmark. If upon the lapse of the present transition period relating to the United 
Kingdom’s withdrawal from the EU on 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom and the EU have not entered 
into any arrangements providing for the continued enforcement in Denmark of final judgments of English 
courts, any final judgment against the Issuer in respect of legal proceedings in relation to the Notes or the 
Trust Deed may not be recognised or enforced in Denmark without re-examination by the Danish courts of 
the substantive matters adjudicated. Accordingly, in a default scenario, there may be additional costs and/or 
delays in the enforcement of Noteholders’ rights against the Issuer and its assets in Denmark, and there is a 
risk that the Danish courts may not recognise or uphold the English court judgment upon re-examination of 
the substantive matters, which in each case could limit the ability of Noteholders to recover amounts 
awarded by the English court. 
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Notes, such as Index 
Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes.  In particular, an investor might receive less interest than expected 
or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some, or all, of the principal amount invested by it 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest determined by reference to an index or formula, to 
changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in currency exchange rates or other factors 
(each, a “Relevant Factor”).  In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in 
one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which the Notes are denominated.  
Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than 
expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest 
payable likely will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations.  In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant 
Factor, the greater the effect on yield.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes.  Accordingly, each potential 
investor should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any 
Notes linked to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment of the 
issue price could lose all of his investment 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment.  Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of his Notes could result in such 
investor losing all of his investment. 
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or other 
leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments.  If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those 
features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference 
rate such as LIBOR.  The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of 
other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms).  Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate 
not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, 
which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of 
all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised without the consent of 
the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (which may be a physical meeting or 
may instead be held by way of audio or video conference call) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic 
consents. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give 
their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of Noteholders and 
without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, or to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or (ii) determine 
without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be 
treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes in place of 
the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 15.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and 
may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination.  In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the 
relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a 
principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding 
amounts to a Specified Denomination.  Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his account with the relevant clearing 
system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive 
Notes be printed or issued) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. Investors 
holding the Notes may therefore receive a lower return than they would receive on other instruments and 
investors wishing to sell their Notes may consequently receive a lower price than they had paid for the 
Notes, or may not be able to sell their Notes at all. 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid.  Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured 
to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would 
have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Investors 
may therefore lose some or all of their investment in the Notes on secondary resales.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of its holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes.  
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2019 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(available 
from 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
www.gn.com/annualreport2019) including the information set out at the following pages in 
particular: 
Section 
Page(s) 
Consolidated income statement and statement of comprehensive income ........................... 
59 
Consolidated Balance Sheet at 31 December 2019 .............................................................. 
60 
Consolidated statement of cash flow .................................................................................... 
61 
Consolidated statement of equity ......................................................................................... 
62 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ..................................................................... 
63-112 
Financial Terms Definitions ................................................................................................. 
115 
Audit Report ......................................................................................................................... 131-133 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list above 
is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than information 
required by the relevant Annexes of the Delegated Regulation;   
(b) 
the section entitled “Consolidated financial highlights” appearing on page 6 of the Group’s Annual 
Report 2019 and the section entitled “Quarterly reporting by segment” appearing on page 56 of the 
Group’s Annual Report 2019 (available from the Issuer’s website at the link provided under (a) 
above);  
(c) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 
31 
December 
2018 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(available 
from 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
www.gn.com/annualreport2018) including the information set out at page 58 and the financial 
information on the following pages: 
Section 
Page(s) 
Consolidated income statement and statement of comprehensive income ........................... 
61 
Consolidated Balance Sheet at 31 December 2018 .............................................................. 
62 
Consolidated statement of cash flow .................................................................................... 
63 
Consolidated statement of equity ......................................................................................... 
64 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements ..................................................................... 
65-112 
Financial Terms Definitions ................................................................................................. 
115 
Audit Report ......................................................................................................................... 129-131 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list above 
is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than information 
required by the relevant Annexes of the Delegated Regulation;

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
(d) 
the interim consolidated financial statements for the nine months ended 30 September 2020 of the 
Issuer (available from the Issuer’s website at www.gn.com/q3report2020) including the information 
set out at the following pages in particular:  
Section 
Page(s) 
Financial highlights ............................................................................................................  
2 
Quarterly reporting by segment ..........................................................................................  
13 
Consolidated Income Statement .........................................................................................  
14 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income ............................................................  
14 
Consolidated balance sheet .................................................................................................  
15 
Consolidated statement of equity .......................................................................................  
17 
Consolidated statement of cash flow ..................................................................................  
16 
Notes ...................................................................................................................................  
18-22 
Any other information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference list above 
is considered to be additional information to be disclosed to investors rather than information 
required by the relevant Annexes of the Delegated Regulation; and 
(e) 
the terms and conditions contained at pages 63 to 103 (each inclusive) of the previous Base 
Prospectus dated 20 November 2019 in connection with the Programme, which can be viewed online 
at www.gn.com/EMTN. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless expressly 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on any websites referred to herein 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Any reference in this section to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
“applicable Pricing Supplement” where relevant. 
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or 
registered form, without interest coupons attached.  Bearer Notes will be issued outside the United States in 
reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”) and Registered Notes will be issued 
outside the United States in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Regulation S. 
BEARER NOTES 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a “Temporary Bearer Global Note”) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a “Permanent Bearer Global Note” and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, each a “Bearer Global Note”) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, as stated in 
the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  
The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the “Exchange Date”) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons 
attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial 
ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in 
the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes.  The holder of 
a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest 
coupons and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, “Exchange 
Event” means that the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available.  
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event 
occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give 
notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 
days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes), receipts 
and interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains 
treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of 
Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
REGISTERED NOTES 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
“Registered Global Note”).  
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the “NSS”), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held 
in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are 
to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either be 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg.  
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6.5) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.  None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the 
Trustee or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.5) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that the Issuer has been notified that 
both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the 
Trustee is available.   
The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 if an Exchange Event 
occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered 
Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later 
than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable.   
GENERAL 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the 
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN (and, if applicable, a FISN and 
CFI) which are different from the common code and ISIN (and, if applicable, a FISN and CFI) assigned to 
Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a 
single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable period and such failure 
shall be continuing.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Notes, a new Base 
Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such 
Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES, AND NOTES TO BE ADMITTED TO 
TRADING ONLY ON A REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A 
REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme which are not Exempt Notes and which (1) have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency) or more, and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a 
specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) have access. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended, 
the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the 
“CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products)]/[     ].] 
[Date] 
GN STORE NORD A/S 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the  
EUR 1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 30 November 2020 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] 
[have] been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie.] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date[s]]] and incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus dated 30 November 2020. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 30 November 2020 [and the supplemental 
Prospectus[es] dated [date[s]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s]] [has] 
[have] been published on the website of Euronext Dublin at www.ise.ie.] 
Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.  
If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency. 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
GN Store Nord A/S 
(LEI: 
5493008U3H3W0NKPFL10) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph [   ] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent) unless they are to be 
admitted to trading only on a regulated market, or a 
specific segment of a regulated market, to which only 
qualified investors have access) 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”))  
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[         ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] +/- [         ] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]below) 
10. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [100.00/[     ]] per cent. of their 
nominal amount 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable]

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Residual Call Option] 
 
[(see paragraph [18]/[19]/[20]/[21] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[specify]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] / [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent): 
[         ] (the “Calculation Agent”)  
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or 
euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
Reference Time: 
[11:00 a.m. ([London/Brussels] time)] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not 
be available at the relevant time)

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[         ]/[To be calculated in accordance with the 
formula set out in Condition 7.7(b)] 
(b) 
Accrual Yield: 
[[         ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Reference Price: 
[[         ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
[Not Applicable]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[[         ] [and any date from and including [         ] to 
but excluding [         ]]/Any date from and including 
[         ] to but excluding [         ] [and any date from 
and including [         ] to but excluding [         ]] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[[         ] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole 
Redemption Price] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [         ]/in the period 
from and including [         ] to but excluding [         ]] 
and [         ] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole 
Redemption Price in the case of the Optional

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [         ]/in the period 
from and including [         ] to but excluding 
[         ]]]] 
(c) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[[         ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Spens 
Amount/Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption Margin: 
[         ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[         ] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Make Whole Reference 
Date: 
[Maturity Date ] / [         ] / [Not Applicable] 
(If there is an Issuer par call option on (or from) a 
specified date, consider whether this should 
reference the Maturity Date, the (first) call date or 
another date.) 
 
 
(iv) 
Quotation Time: 
[         ] / [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(e) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
19. 
Issuer Residual Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the 
Notes will need to be Exempt Notes) 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent [or Trustee].) 
21. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100.00 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100.00 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Notes 
upon 
an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
(N.B.  The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].”.)] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b) 
[New Global Note / New 
Safekeeping Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of GN Store Nord A/S: 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of Euronext Dublin and to listing 
on the official list of Euronext Dublin with effect 
from, or from about, [         ]. 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[         ]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable – the Notes are not expected to be 
rated.] / [The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated as follows: 
[Moody’s Investors Service Limited: 
[      ]] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [      ]] 
[Fitch Ratings Ltd.: 
 
  
[      ]] 
[[         ]: 
 
  
 
[      ]] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the [European 
Union/United Kingdom] and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“CRA Regulation”).  [As such [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation.]] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom and is not 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.] 
[A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. The rating agenc[y/ies] above 
[has/have] published the following high-level 
description[s] of such rating[s]:  
-  A rating of [     ] by Moody’s Investors Service 
Limited is described by it as indicating [       ].  
-  A rating of [     ] by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited is described by it as indicating [       ]. 
-  A rating of [     ] by Fitch Ratings Ltd. is 
described by it as indicating [       ]. 
-  
A rating of [     ] by [      ] is described by it 
as indicating [       ].] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See 
[“Use 
of 
Proceeds”] 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Base 
Prospectus – if reasons for offer different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
 
 
5. 
YIELD 
(Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price.  It is not an indication of future 
yield. 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code ], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ]  
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered Notes].  
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
(ix) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
(iii) 
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[         ] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Notes, 
whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in 
point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); (ii) or a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / target market – [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
[In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as amended, 
the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the 
“CMP Regulations 2018”), the Issuer has determined and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on 
the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products)]/[     ].] 
 
[Date] 
GN STORE NORD A/S 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the  
EUR 1,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein.  This document must be 
read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 30 November 2020 [as supplemented by the 
supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] (the “Base Prospectus”).  Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus.  
Copies of the Base Prospectus may be obtained from [address]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
[must/may need to] be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]  
1. 
Issuer: 
GN Store Nord A/S 
(LEI: 
5493008U3H3W0NKPFL10) 
2. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph [   ] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
6. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form 
see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
7. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for  
 
Floating Rate Notes - Interest Payment Date falling 
in or nearest to [specify month and year]] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [         ] per cent. 
Floating Rate]

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
[Index Linked Interest] 
 
[Dual Currency Interest] 
 
[specify other] 
 
(further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Index Linked Redemption] 
 
[Dual Currency Redemption] 
 
[Partly Paid] 
 
[Instalment] 
 
[specify other] 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
[Issuer Residual Call Option] 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
13. 
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[specify]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/[specify other]

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
(f) 
[Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon] 
(g) 
Other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest for Fixed Rate 
Notes which are Exempt Notes: 
[None/Give details] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]] [Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of Interest 
and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
(if not the Principal Paying Agent): 
[         ] (the “Calculation Agent”)  
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR/specify other 
Reference Rate] (Either LIBOR, EURIBOR or other, 
although additional information is required if other, 
including fallback provisions in the Agency 
Agreement.) 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
(Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling or 
euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
 
Reference Time: 
[         ] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[         ] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of a LIBOR or EURIBOR based option, 
the first day of the Interest Period) 
 
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not 
be available at the relevant time) 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
 
[Other] 
(m) 
Fallback 
provisions, 
rounding 
provisions and any other terms 
relating to the method of calculating 
interest on Floating Rate Notes 
which are Exempt Notes, if different 
from those set out in the Conditions: 
[         ] 
16. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[         ]/[To be calculated in accordance with the

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
formula set out in Condition 7.7(b)] 
(b) 
Accrual Yield: 
[[         ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(c) 
Reference Price: 
[[         ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable for 
Zero Coupon Notes which are 
Exempt Notes: 
[[         ]]/[Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365] 
[Not Applicable]  
17. 
Index Linked Interest Note 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Index/Formula: 
[give or annex details] 
(b) 
Calculation Agent 
[give name] 
(c) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
(if 
not 
the 
Calculation Agent) and Interest 
Amount (if not the Principal Paying 
Agent): 
[         ]  
(d) 
Provisions for determining Coupon 
where calculation by reference to 
Index and/or Formula is impossible 
or impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(e) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] 
(f) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other] 
(g) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ] 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[         ] 
18. 
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate 
of 
Exchange/method 
of 
[give or annex details]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
calculating Rate of Exchange: 
(b) 
Party, 
if 
any, 
responsible 
for 
calculating the principal and/or 
interest due (if not the Principal 
Paying Agent): 
[         ] (the “Calculation Agent”) 
(c) 
Provisions 
applicable 
where 
calculation by reference to Rate of 
Exchange 
impossible 
or 
impracticable: 
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions] 
(d) 
Person at whose option Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable: 
[         ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
20. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[[[         ] [and any date from and including [         ] to 
but excluding [         ]]/Any date from and including 
[         ] to but excluding [         ] [and any date from 
and including [         ] to but excluding [         ]] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[[         ] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole 
Redemption Price] [in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [         ]/in the period 
from and including [         ] to but excluding [         ]] 
and [         ] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole 
Redemption Price in the case of the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) falling [on [         ]/in the period 
from and including [         ] to but excluding 
[         ]]] /specify other/see Appendix]  
(c) 
Make Whole Redemption Price: 
[[         ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount/Spens 
Amount/Make Whole Redemption Amount/Not 
Applicable] 
(If Not Applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption Margin: 
[         ] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Bond: 
[         ] / [Not Applicable] 
(iii) 
Make Whole Reference 
Date: 
[Maturity Date ] / [         ] / [Not Applicable] 
(If there is an Issuer par call option on (or from) a 
specified date, consider whether this should 
reference the Maturity Date, the (first) call date or 
another date.)

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Quotation Time: 
[         ] / [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(e) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
21. 
Issuer Residual Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Residual Call Early Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
22. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
23. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraph of this paragraph) 
Change of Control Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
25. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default and/or the method of calculating 
the same (if required): 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix] 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100.00 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100.00 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form:  
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Notes 
upon 
an 
Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event]] 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg] 
(b) 
[New Global Note / New 
Safekeeping Structure]: 
[Yes][No]  
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15(c) and 17(g) relate) 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
29. 
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be 
made and consequences (if any) of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer to 
forfeit the Notes and interest due on late 
payment. 
[Not Applicable/give details.  N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global 
Note may be required for Partly Paid issues] 
30. 
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[give details] 
(b) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[give details] 
31. 
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement.  [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source].  The Issuer confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of GN Store Nord A/S: 
By:  .........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed on [specify market – note this must not be a 
regulated market] with effect from [         ].] [Not 
Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
[Not Applicable – the Notes are not expected to be 
rated.] / [The Notes to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated as follows: 
[Moody’s Investors Service Limited: 
[      ]] 
[S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited: [      ]] 
[Fitch Ratings Ltd.: 
 
  
[      ]] 
[[         ]: 
 
  
 
[      ]] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity] is established in the [European 
Union/United Kingdom] and is registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
“CRA Regulation”).  [As such [insert the legal 
name of the relevant credit rating agency entity] is 
included in the list of credit ratings agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation.]] 
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is not established in the 
European Union or the United Kingdom and is not 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  
[[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU credit 
rating agency entity] is therefore not included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.] 
[A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. The rating agenc[y/ies] above 
[has/have] published the following high-level 
description[s] of such rating[s]:  
-  A rating of [     ] by Moody’s Investors Service 
Limited is described by it as indicating [       ].  
-  A rating of [     ] by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited is described by it as indicating [       ]. 
-  A rating of [     ] by Fitch Ratings Ltd. is 
described by it as indicating [       ]. 
-  A rating of [     ] by [      ] is described by it as 
indicating [       ].]

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers named 
below/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an 
interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests]  
4. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/ 
 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of this Pricing Supplement, should the

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for Registered 
Notes].  Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
(ix) 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the 
Benchmark Regulation]/[As far as the Issuer is 
aware, as at the date hereof, [specify benchmark] 
does not fall within the scope of the Benchmark 
Regulation]/ [As far as the Issuer is aware, the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011, as amended apply, such that [name 
of administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable] 
5. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged”

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no key information document will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of 
Exempt Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions 
for the purpose of such Notes.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note.  Reference should be made to 
“Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by GN Store Nord A/S (the “Issuer”) 
constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the “Trust Deed”) originally dated 20 November 2019 made between the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee 
Company Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include any successor as trustee or trustees under 
the Trust Deed). 
References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a “Global Note”), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note;  
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form (“Registered Notes”) (whether or not issued in exchange for 
a Global Note in registered form). 
The Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as further amended and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) dated 30 November 2020 and 
made between the Issuer, the Trustee, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as principal paying agent (the 
“Principal Paying Agent”, which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the 
other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as 
registrar (the “Registrar”, which expression shall include any successor registrar) and as a transfer agent and 
any other transfer agents named therein (the “Transfer Agents”, which expression shall include any 
additional or successor transfer agents).  The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the Paying Agents and Transfer Agents are together 
referred to as the “Agents”. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the “Conditions”) or, if 
this Note is a Note which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic 
Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation (an “Exempt Note”), the final terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) are set out in Part A of the Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which 
shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Conditions, replace or modify these 
Conditions for the purposes of this Note.  References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, unless otherwise

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note.  
Any reference in these Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to 
applicable Pricing Supplement where relevant.  The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue.  Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  Exempt Notes in definitive 
bearer form which are repayable in instalments have receipts (“Receipts”) for the payment of the instalments 
of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue.  Registered Notes and Global Notes do not 
have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes 
are registered and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided 
below), the holders of the Receipts (the “Receiptholders”) and the holders of the Coupons (the 
“Couponholders”, which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the 
Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first 
payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent.  If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. If this Note is an Exempt Note, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and 
such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Agent as to its 
holding of such Notes and identity.  The Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed 
to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them.  The statements in these Conditions 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or 
unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the 
Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or 
the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In these Conditions, “euro”, “€”and “EUR” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of Notes in definitive form, serially numbered, in the currency (the “Specified Currency”) 
and the denominations (the “Specified Denomination(s)”) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination and Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Unless this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a 
Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Zero 
Coupon Note, an Index Linked Interest Note, a Dual Currency Interest Note or a combination of any 
of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
If this Note is an Exempt Note, this Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Note, an 
Instalment Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Note, a Partly Paid Note or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and 
title to the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement.  The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as otherwise required 
by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder 
of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding 
any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of 
such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all 
purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of 
such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder 
of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent as 
the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Note and the expressions “Noteholder” and, in respect of any Note(s), “holder” and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, 
in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES  
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests.  A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement.   
2.2 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred 
in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms).  In order 
to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for 
registration of the transfer of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the 
specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder 
or holders thereof or his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete 
and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the 
relevant Transfer Agent must be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person 
making the request.  Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, 
the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set 
out in Schedule 3 to the Agency Agreement).  Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer 
Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the 
request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws 
or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its 
specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such 
address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate 
nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred.  In 
the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in 
definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so 
authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.3 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required to 
register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered Note, called for partial 
redemption. 
2.4 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES  
The Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer ranking pari passu and rateably, without 
any preference among themselves, and equally with all other existing and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer but, in the event of a winding up, save for such obligations 
that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application. 
4. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer will not, and will 
ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries (as defined in Condition 10.3) will, create, or have 
outstanding, any Security Interest (in each case other than a Permitted Security Interest), upon the 
whole or any part of its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled 
capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of 
any Relevant Indebtedness, without at the same time or prior thereto according to the Notes (a) the 
same security as is created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or 
indemnity or (b) such other security as either (i) the Trustee shall in its absolute discretion deem not 
materially less beneficial to the interest of the Noteholders or (ii) shall be approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders. 
In these Conditions: 
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness (or 
any guarantee or indemnity in respect of Relevant Indebtedness):  
(a) 
of any Subsidiary (as defined in Condition 10.3) of the Issuer acquired after the Issue Date; 
or 
(b) 
the obligations in respect of which are assumed by the Issuer as obligor (or, as the case may 
be, as guarantor or indemnifier) pursuant to a merger between the Issuer and a third party 
which had incurred the Relevant Indebtedness (or guarantee or indemnity in respect of 
Relevant Indebtedness) prior to the merger,  
so long as such Security Interest was outstanding on the date on which the relevant entity became a 
Subsidiary of, or merged with, the Issuer, was not created in contemplation of such entity becoming 
a Subsidiary of, or merging with, the Issuer and the principal amount of Relevant Indebtedness (or 
any guarantee or indemnity in respect of Relevant Indebtedness) so secured was not increased in 
contemplation of such entity becoming a Subsidiary of, or merging with, the Issuer; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, 
interest or other amounts), in the form of or evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures, loan stock or 
other similar debt instruments, whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration 
other than cash, and which are, or are intended by the Issuer to be, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt 
in or traded on any regulated or unregulated stock exchange or other securities market; and 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest.  
5. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate 
Notes or Zero Coupon Notes or, in the case of Exempt Notes, whether a different interest basis 
applies. 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
This Condition 5.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only.  The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with 
this Condition 5.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate 
Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will specify the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Rate(s) of Interest, the Interest Payment Date(s), the Maturity Date, the Fixed Coupon Amount, any 
applicable Broken Amount, the Calculation Amount, the Day Count Fraction and any applicable 
Determination Date.  
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in these Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes (or, in each case, if 
they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rates Notes which are Registered 
Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual 
Period”) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur 
in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with twelve 30-day months) divided by 
360. 
In these Conditions: 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 5.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only.  The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 5.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Notes.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify any Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, any Specified Period, the Interest Commencement Date, the Business Day Convention, any 
Additional Business Centres, whether ISDA Determination or Screen Rate Determination applies to 
the calculation of interest, the party who will calculate the amount of interest due if it is not the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Margin, any maximum or minimum interest rates and the Day Count 
Fraction.  Where ISDA Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final 
Terms will also specify the applicable Floating Rate Option, Designated Maturity and Reset Date.  
Where Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, the applicable Final Terms 
will also specify the applicable Reference Rate, Interest Determination Date(s) and Relevant Screen 
Page.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest 
Payment Date”) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In these Conditions, “Interest 
Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant 
payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the “Floating Rate Convention”, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) 
above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions 
of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall 
be the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the “Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed 
to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the “Modified Following Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the “Preceding Business Day Convention”, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the “TARGET2 System”) is open; and

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction 
if the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable,  were acting as 
Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) and 
under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the 
ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either LIBOR or 
EURIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
displays the information) as at the Reference Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable.  If five or more of such offered quotations are available on 
the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, 
one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
Subject as provided in Condition 5.2(c), if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in 
the case of Condition 5.2(b)(ii)(A), no offered quotation appears or, in the case of Condition 
5.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Reference 
Time specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate 
at approximately the Reference Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with offered quotations, the Rate 
of Interest for the Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or 
minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with an offered 
quotation as provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as the case may be, determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as 
communicated to (at the request of the Issuer) the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as the case may be, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, at approximately the Reference Time specified in the applicable 
Final Terms on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading 
banks in the London interbank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the Eurozone 
interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the interbank market of the 
Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any),  
provided that, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Reference Time specified in the 
applicable Final Terms on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks 
(which bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, it is quoting to 
leading banks in the London interbank market (if the Reference Rate is LIBOR) or the 
Eurozone interbank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the interbank market of 
the Relevant Financial Centre (if any other Reference Rate is used) plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any),

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
provided further that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
In these Conditions: 
“Reference Banks” means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, the principal London 
office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market, and in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer; and 
“Relevant Financial Centre” shall mean, in the case of Exempt Notes only, such Relevant 
Financial Centre as shall be specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
(c) 
Benchmark Events for any Reference Rate 
If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate at any time when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined 
by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the provisions of this Condition 5.2(c) shall 
apply.  
(i) 
Independent Adviser 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, with a view to the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) 
determining a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 
5.2(c)(ii)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 5.2(c)(iii)) and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5.2(c)(iv)). 
If, notwithstanding its reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser 
in accordance with the foregoing paragraph, the provisions of Condition 5.2(c)(vii) shall apply.  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(c) shall act in good faith as an 
expert. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, neither the Issuer nor any Independent Adviser shall 
have any liability whatsoever to the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Principal Paying Agent, any 
other party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
or the Noteholders or Couponholders for any determination made by it, or (in the case of the 
Independent Adviser) for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made 
by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 5.2(c). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines in good faith that: 
(a) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate, as adjusted by the applicable 
Adjustment Spread determined pursuant to Condition 5.2(c)(iii), shall subsequently be used 
in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the 
relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the further operation of this Condition 5.2(c)); or

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
(b) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate, 
as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread determined pursuant to Condition 
5.2(c)(iii), shall subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine 
the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant 
future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 
5.2(c)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions, 
the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, shall determine in good faith an 
Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a formula or methodology 
for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment 
Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 5.2(c) and the Independent Adviser, following 
consultation with the Issuer, determines in good faith (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or 
the Trust Deed (including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, 
Business Days, Interest Determination Date, or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation (having regard to prevailing market practice, if any) of such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the 
“Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer 
shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5.2(c)(v), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions 
and/or the Trust Deed to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice.  
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Trustee (and, as applicable, the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent) of a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer pursuant 
to Condition 5.2(c)(v), the Trustee (and, as applicable, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent) shall (at the Issuer’s expense), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the 
Trust Deed) (regardless of whether or not such Benchmark Amendments relate to any of the matters 
which are the subject of paragraph 5 of Schedule 3 to the Trust Deed) and the Trustee (and, as 
applicable, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent) shall not be liable to any party for 
any consequences thereof, provided that none of the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent shall be obliged so to concur if in its sole opinion doing so would (i) impose more 
onerous obligations upon it against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes or the Trust Deed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any supplemental trust deed) or 
the Agency Agreement in any way. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.2(c), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
The Issuer shall notify the Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Principal Paying Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders, promptly of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 5.2(c). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall 
specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any (such effective date to be not less 
than five London business days following the date of the notice).  
No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer: 
(a) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific 
terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 5.2(c);  
(b) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are (i) necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and (ii) limited to such changes as are so necessary (and, if applicable, 
any non-material changes which are incidental thereto); and 
(c) 
certifying that (A) the Issuer has duly consulted with an Independent Adviser with respect to 
each of the matters above or, if that is not the case, (B) explaining, in reasonable detail, why 
the Issuer has not done so. 
The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without inquiry and without liability to any 
person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either case) 
the applicable Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and (in either case) the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if 
any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Trustee, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Principal Paying Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), 
the Paying Agents and the Noteholders and Couponholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate  
Without prejudice to the Issuer’s obligations under the provisions of this Condition 5.2(c), the 
relevant Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(b) will 
continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being 
the Principal Paying Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) 
has been notified of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and (in either 
case) of the applicable Adjustment Spread and the relevant Benchmark Amendments (if any). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the Rate of 
Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) and (in either case) Adjustment Spread has been determined pursuant to this 
Condition 5.2(c), the Original Reference Rate in respect of which such Benchmark Event has 
occurred will continue to apply for the purposes of determining such Rate of Interest on such Interest 
Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback provisions provided in Condition 5.2(b) will (if 
applicable) continue to apply to such determination. 
In such circumstances, the Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged), at any time thereafter, to elect to 
re-apply the provisions of this Condition 5.2(c), mutatis mutandis, on one or more occasions until a

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment Spread and any 
Benchmark Amendments) has been determined and notified in accordance with this Condition 5.2(c) 
(and, until such determination and notification (if any), the fallback provisions provided elsewhere in 
these Terms and Conditions will continue to apply). 
(viii) 
Preparations in anticipation of a Benchmark Event 
If the Issuer anticipates that a Benchmark Event will or may occur, nothing in these Conditions shall 
prevent the Issuer (in its sole discretion) from taking, prior to the occurrence of such Benchmark 
Event, such actions which it considers expedient in order to prepare for applying the provisions of 
this Condition 5.2(c) (including, without limitation, appointing an Independent Adviser, and 
requesting the Independent Adviser to identify any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments), provided that no Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments will take effect until the relevant Benchmark 
Event has occurred.  
(ix) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case which is to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, being the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body;  
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Rate (or in the case of a Successor Rate where (i) above does 
not apply), the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer and acting in 
good faith, determines is in customary market usage (or reflects an industry-accepted rate, 
formula or methodology) in the international debt capital market for transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Alternative 
Rate (or, as the case may be, the Successor Rate); or 
(iii) 
if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) under (i) above and 
the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, determines there is no such 
spread, formula or methodology in customary market usage or which is industry-accepted 
under (ii) above, the Independent Adviser, in its discretion, following consultation with the 
Issuer and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determines to be 
appropriate, having regard to the objective, so far as is reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case 
may be) to the Noteholders; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser, 
following consultation with the Issuer, determines in accordance with this Condition 5.2(c) has 
replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage, or is an industry-accepted rate, in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the same Specified Currency as 
the Notes; 
“Benchmark Event” means, with respect to an Original Reference Rate, any one or more of the 
following:   
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to exist or to be published or administered on a 
permanent or indefinite basis;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or will cease to publish the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); 
(iii) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued;  
(iv) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited 
from being used, is no longer representative or that its use will be subject to restrictions or 
adverse consequences, in each case in circumstances where the same shall be applicable to 
the Notes; or 
(v) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Issuer, 
the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent 
or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), or any Paying 
Agent to calculate any payments due to be made under the Notes using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable), 
provided that in the case of paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above, the Benchmark Event shall occur on:  
(A) 
in the case of (ii) above, the date of the cessation of the publication of the Original Reference 
Rate;  
(B)  in the case of (iii) above, the discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(C) 
in the case of (iv) above, the date on which the Original Reference Rate is prohibited from use, 
is deemed no longer to be representative or becomes subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences (as applicable), 
and not (in any such case) the date of the relevant public statement (unless the date of the relevant 
public statement coincides with the relevant date in (A), (B) or (C) above, as applicable); 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified 
for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant component part(s) 
thereof) on the Notes (provided that if, following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally 
specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been 
replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently 
occurs in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term “Original Reference Rate” 
shall be deemed to include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (C) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with 
the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, a Minimum Rate of Interest of zero shall be 
deemed to apply. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period.   
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the “Interest Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the 
Floating Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes (or, in 
each case, if they are Partly Paid Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount, 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form 
is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Floating 
Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the 
Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2:

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling 
in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, 
in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 
30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation 
by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where 
ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be 
determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next 
shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser as soon as reasonably practicable, with a view to such 
Independent Adviser determining (in consultation with the Issuer) such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate for the purposes of the calculation of the Rate 
of Interest. The Independent Adviser shall notify the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, as to such rate prior to the next relevant Interest Determination Date. 
If, notwithstanding the use of reasonable endeavours, the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, or if an Independent Adviser is appointed by the Issuer but fails to make any relevant 
determination specified to be made by it under this Condition 5.2(f) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, the Issuer itself (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
shall be entitled to determine the Rate of Interest.  
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f) shall act in good faith and (in 
the absence of bad faith or fraud) neither the Issuer nor any Independent Adviser shall have any 
liability whatsoever to the Trustee, the Agents or the Noteholders or Couponholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f). 
“Designated Maturity” means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable,  will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day 
thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice 
in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will promptly 
be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. For the purposes of this paragraph, 
the expression “London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, fraud or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other 
Agents and all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default, 
gross negligence or fraud) no liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable,  in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions. 
5.3 
Exempt Notes 
In the case of Exempt Notes which are also Floating Rate Notes where the applicable Pricing 
Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other 
than LIBOR or EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest in respect of such Exempt Notes will be determined 
as provided in the applicable Pricing Supplement.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Notes which are not also Fixed Rate 
Notes or Floating Rate Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, provided that where such Notes are Index Linked Interest Notes the provisions of 
Condition 5.2 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, apply as if the 
references therein to Floating Rate Notes and to the Principal Paying Agent were references to Index 
Linked Interest Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the 
Calculation Agent will notify the Principal Paying Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
5.4 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) and 
save as provided in Condition 6.4 should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum 
due for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above 
against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A “Long Maturity Note” is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed 
Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the 
aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note 
on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after 
that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of 
the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on 
such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Notes 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Notes, other than the 
final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 
above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Payment of the 
final instalment will be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
relevant Bearer Note in accordance with the preceding paragraph.  Each Receipt must be presented 
for payment of the relevant instalment together with the definitive Bearer Note to which it 
appertains.  Receipts presented without the definitive Bearer Note to which they appertain do not

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. Upon the date on which any definitive Bearer Note 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Note or Index Linked Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. 
6.5 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of 
each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at 
the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents.  Such payments will be made by 
transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint 
holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the “Register”) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business 
day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for 
business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on 
the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city 
where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. For these 
purposes, “Designated Account” means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese 
yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a 
Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and “Designated Bank” means (in the case 
of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New 
Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) 
any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the due 
date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for 
this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before 
the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the “Record 
Date”).  Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final 
instalment of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
6.6 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  
For these purposes, “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
6.8 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in these Conditions to “principal” in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
(a) 
any Additional Amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, 
pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(f) 
the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(g) 
in relation to Exempt Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(h) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Conditions to “interest” in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any Additional Amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
together (if relevant) with accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in 
accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer 
satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay Additional Amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of 
any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in 
Condition 8) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to 
redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such Additional Amounts as a result of such 
change or amendment, and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate and opinion as 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.7 below together (if relevant) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
This Condition 7.3 shall apply only if “Issuer Call” is specified as being applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
If “Issuer Call” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders and to the Trustee in accordance with Condition 14 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) redeem all or, if 
so provided, some only of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount together (if applicable) with accrued and 
unpaid interest to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any redemption in part (if 
applicable) must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7.3, the relevant Optional Redemption Amount will be: 
(i)  
in respect of any Optional Redemption Date(s) for which the applicable Final Terms 
specifies that the Optional Redemption Amount shall be an amount per Calculation Amount, 
the amount so specified; or 
(ii) 
in respect of any Optional Redemption Date(s) for which the applicable Final Terms 
specifies that the Optional Redemption Amount shall be the “Make Whole Redemption 
Price”, the relevant Make Whole Redemption Price as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Make Whole Redemption Prices 
If “Spens Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Make Whole Redemption Price 
shall be an amount equal to the higher of (i) 100.00 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of 
the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed 
multiplied by the price, as reported to the Issuer by the Determination Agent, at which the Gross 
Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the sum of (x) the Gross 
Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time 
specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus (y) the 
Redemption Margin, all as determined by the Determination Agent. 
If “Make Whole Redemption Amount” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Make Whole 
Redemption Price shall be an amount calculated by the Determination Agent equal to the higher of 
(i) 100.00 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
of the then-present values of the principal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and the 
Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts 
to the relevant Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (on the basis of such day count fraction 
as the Determination Agent shall determine or, failing any such determination, assuming a 360-day 
year consisting of twelve 30-day months or, in the case of an incomplete month, the number of days 
elapsed) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (“Redeemed Notes”) will (i) 
in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by Notes in definitive form, be selected individually by 
lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed 
Notes represented by Notes in definitive form, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes 
will be published in accordance with Condition 14 not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
Definitions 
In this Condition 7.3: 
“Determination Agent” means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing 
selected by the Issuer; 
“FA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the Determination Agent 
as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term to the Make Whole 
Reference Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, that would be utilised, at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate 
debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the remaining 
term to the Make Whole Reference Date; 
“Gross Redemption Yield” means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper “Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields”, page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae “Conventional Gilts”; Double 
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date” 
(published 8 June 1998 and updated on 15 January 2002 and 16 March 2005 and as further amended 
or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding basis (converted to an annualised yield 
and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or on such other basis as the Trustee (acting in 
accordance with the Trust Deed) may approve; 
“Redemption Margin” shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Bond” shall be as specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if no such bond is specified 
or if such bond is no longer outstanding, the FA Selected Bond; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any relevant Optional Redemption Date, (A) the 
arithmetic average of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such relevant Optional 
Redemption Date, after excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, or (B) if the Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government 
Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any relevant Optional Redemption Date, the rate per 
annum equal to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield 
to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the 
Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond 
Price for such relevant Optional Redemption Date; 
“Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or 
(B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any relevant Optional Redemption Date, the arithmetic average, as 
determined by the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond 
(expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time specified in 
the applicable Final Terms on the Reference Date quoted in writing to the Determination Agent by 
such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
“Remaining Term Interest” means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to the Make Whole Reference Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to 
such Note from (and including) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control Put Event  
This Condition 7.4 shall apply only if “Change of Control Put” is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
This Condition 7.4 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption or purchase prior to the 
Maturity Date at the option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as a “Change of 
Control Put”. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Change of Control 
Put and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 7.4 for full information on any Change of 
Control Put. In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Change of Control 
Redemption Amount. 
Change of Control Put Event 
A “Change of Control Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i) 
a Change of Control has occurred; and 
(ii) 
on the date (the “Relevant Announcement Date”) that is the earlier of (x) the date of the 
first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control; and (y) the date of the earliest 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any), the Notes carry from any of 
Moody’s, Fitch or S&P or any of their respective successors or any other rating agency (each 
a “Substitute Rating Agency”) of equivalent international standing specified by the Issuer 
(each, a “Rating Agency”): 
(1) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or equivalent, or better), and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of Control Period either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+, or equivalent, 
or worse) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control Period subsequently 
(in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to 
an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
(2) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+, or equivalent, or worse), and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently upgraded to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; 
or 
(3) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and (i) the Issuer does not, either prior to, 
or not later than 30 days after, the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control seek 
a rating of the Notes; or (ii) if the Issuer does so seek a rating, it is unable to obtain a 
rating of at least investment grade by the end of the Change of Control Period, 
provided that if on the Relevant Announcement Date the Notes carry a credit rating from 
more than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is investment grade, then sub-paragraph 
(1) will apply; and 
(iii) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in 
part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control or the Relevant Potential Change of 
Control Announcement. Upon receipt by the Issuer of any such written confirmation, the 
Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such written confirmation to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
If the rating designations employed by Moody’s, Fitch or S&P are changed from those which are 
described in paragraph (ii) of the definition of “Change of Control Put Event” above, or if a rating is 
procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of 
Moody’s, Fitch or S&P or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to 
the prior rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch or S&P and this Condition 7.4 shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Notice of Change of Control Put Event 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the 
Issuer shall give notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 and to the Trustee (a 
“Put Event Notice”) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the 
circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option set out in this Condition 
7.4. 
Noteholder rights following a Change of Control Put Event 
If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any Note will have the option to require the 
Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) such Note on the 
Put Date (as defined below) at the Change of Control Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together (if relevant) with accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption or purchase. 
To exercise the option to require redemption or purchase of this Note under this Condition 7.4 the 
holder of this Note must, if this Note is a Note in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of 
such Paying Agent falling within the Put Period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in 
the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Registrar (a “Change of Control Put Option Notice”) and in which the holder 
must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal 
amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2. If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Change

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
of Control Put Option Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the 
Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Change of Control Put Option 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is a Note in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case 
may be, purchase of this Note under this Condition 7.4 the holder of this Note must, within the Put 
Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on 
his instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary for them to 
the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
Any Change of Control Put Option Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to 
this Condition 7.4 shall be irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption or purchase, 
an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 10, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer 
to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.4 and instead to declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10. 
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event, or any event 
which could lead to the occurrence of, or could constitute, a Change of Control Put Event has 
occurred, and until it shall have actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the 
contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control or other 
such event has occurred. 
For the purposes of these Conditions:  
a “Change of Control” shall occur if any person and/or any party or parties acting in concert (as 
defined in the Danish Executive Order no.636 of 15 May 2020 on takeover bids), individually or 
together shall own, acquire or control or will be unconditionally entitled to own, acquire or control, 
in each case more than 50 per cent. of the issued Ordinary Shares or more than 50 per cent. of the 
Voting Rights (in any such case, other than as a result of an Exempt Newco Scheme); 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date 
and ending 120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control (or such longer period for which 
the Notes are under consideration (such consideration having been announced publicly within the 
period ending 120 days after the Change of Control) for rating review or, as the case may be, rating 
by a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 60 days after the public announcement of such 
consideration); 
“control” means the power to direct the management and policies of an entity, whether through the 
ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise;  
“EEA Regulated Market” means a market as defined by Article 4.1(21) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended) of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments; 
“Exempt Newco Scheme” means a Newco Scheme where, immediately after completion of the 
relevant Scheme of Arrangement, the ordinary shares or units or equivalent of Newco (or depositary 
or other receipts or certificates representing ordinary shares or units or equivalent of Newco) are (1) 
admitted to trading on the Relevant Stock Exchange, the London Stock Exchange plc or an EEA 
Regulated Market or (2) admitted to listing on such other regulated, regularly operating, recognised 
stock exchange as the Issuer or Newco may determine; 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates;

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates; 
“Newco Scheme” means a Scheme of Arrangement which effects the interposition of a limited 
liability company (“Newco”) between the shareholders of the Issuer immediately prior to completion 
of the Scheme of Arrangement (the “Existing Shareholders”) and the Issuer; provided that (i) only 
ordinary shares or units or equivalent of Newco or depositary or other receipts or certificates 
representing ordinary shares or units or equivalent of Newco are issued to Existing Shareholders; (ii) 
immediately after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement the only holders of ordinary shares, 
units or equivalent of Newco or, as the case may be, the only holders of depositary or other receipts 
or certificates representing ordinary shares or units or equivalent of Newco (other than a nominal 
holding by initial subscribers) are Existing Shareholders holding in substantially the same 
proportions as immediately prior to completion of the Scheme of Arrangement; (iii) immediately 
after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement, Newco is (or one or more wholly-owned 
Subsidiaries of Newco are) the only shareholder (or shareholders) of the Issuer; (iv) all Subsidiaries 
of the Issuer immediately prior to the Scheme of Arrangement (other than Newco, if Newco is then a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer) are Subsidiaries of the Issuer (or of Newco) immediately after completion 
of the Scheme of Arrangement; and (v) immediately after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement 
the Issuer (or Newco) holds, directly or indirectly, the same percentage of the ordinary share capital 
and equity share capital of those Subsidiaries as was held by the Issuer immediately prior to the 
Scheme of Arrangement; 
“Ordinary Shares” means fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer; 
a reference to a “Person” includes any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint 
venture, undertaking, association, organisation, trust, state or agency of a state (in each case whether 
or not being a separate legal entity); 
“Put Date” is the seventh day following the last day of the Put Period; 
“Put Period” means the period from, and including, the date of a Put Event Notice to, but excluding, 
the 45th day following the date of the Put Event Notice or, if earlier, the eighth day immediately 
preceding the Maturity Date; 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or 
statement by or on behalf of the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf 
of any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days 
following the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs; 
“Relevant Stock Exchange” means Nasdaq Copenhagen or, if at the relevant time the Ordinary 
Shares are not at that time listed and admitted to trading on Nasdaq Copenhagen, the principal stock 
exchange or securities market on which the Ordinary Shares are then listed, admitted to trading or 
quoted or dealt in; 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Inc. or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates; 
“Scheme of Arrangement” means a scheme of arrangement, share for share exchange or analogous 
procedure; 
“Shareholders” means the holders of Ordinary Shares; and 
“Voting Rights” means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of Shareholders (irrespective 
of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes shall have, or might have, voting 
power by reason of the happening of any contingency) or to elect the majority of the members of the 
board of directors or other governing body of the Issuer.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
7.5 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
This Condition 7.5 shall apply only if “Investor Put” is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
This Condition 7.5 applies to Notes which are subject to redemption prior to the Maturity Date at the 
option of the Noteholder, such option being referred to as an “Investor Put”.  The applicable Final 
Terms contains provisions applicable to any Investor Put and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 7.5 for full information on any Investor Put.  In particular, the applicable Final Terms will 
identify the Optional Redemption Date(s), the Optional Redemption Amount and the applicable 
notice periods. 
If “Investor Put” is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is 
in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal 
amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so 
surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance 
of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 
2.2.  If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put 
Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is a Note in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case 
may be, purchase of this Note under this Condition 7.5 the holder of this Note must, within the 
notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on his instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary 
for them to the Principal Paying Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption or purchase, an Event of Default has 
occurred and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10, in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 7.5 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant 
to Condition 10. 
7.6 
Issuer Residual Call Option 
This Condition 7.6 shall apply only if “Issuer Residual Call Option” is specified as being applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
If “Issuer Residual Call Option” is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable and, 
at any time (other than as a result of the exercise by the Issuer of its redemption right under 
Condition 7.3 in respect of some only of the Notes), the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes originally issued (for 
these purposes, any further Notes issued pursuant to Condition 17 and consolidated with this Series 
of Notes shall be deemed to have been originally issued), the Issuer may, having given not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final 
Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 and to the Trustee (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not some only) of the 
Notes then outstanding at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest 
Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), at the Residual Call Early Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.6, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Notes is 20 per cent. or less of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes originally issued. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept such certificate as sufficient evidence 
of the satisfaction of the condition precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
7.7 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10:  
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount; and 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified, calculated in accordance with the following 
formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either  
(i)  30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 360);  
(ii)  Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the -actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360); or

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
(iii)  Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days 
from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note 
becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).  
7.8 
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption 
Amount in respect of Index Linked Redemption Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Notes may 
be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement.  For the 
purposes of Condition 7.2, Index Linked Interest Notes and Dual Currency Interest Notes may be 
redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date.   
Instalment Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement.  In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption 
Amount of Instalment Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement. 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition and the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
7.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may, at the option of 
the Issuer or the relevant Subsidiary, be held, reissued, resold or surrendered to any Paying Agent 
and/or the Registrar for cancellation.  
7.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed and all Notes which are purchased and surrendered for cancellation 
will be cancelled forthwith (together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption) and cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 or 7.6 above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the Early Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Early Redemption Amount is to be calculated in 
accordance with the formula set out in Condition 7.7(b), the amount due and repayable shall be the 
amount calculated by reference to such formula as though the references therein to the date fixed for 
the redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
8. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on behalf 
of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such 
additional amounts (“Additional Amounts”) as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts 
received by the holders of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable 
in respect of the Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that no such Additional Amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, 
Receipt or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the relevant Tax Jurisdiction; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note, Receipt or 
Coupon by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an Additional Amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.7).  
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Issuer be required to 
pay any Additional Amounts in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons for, or on account of, 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, or any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
(i) 
“Tax Jurisdiction” means Denmark or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Issuer of 
principal and interest on the Notes become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, 
if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it 
means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to 
that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14. 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless 
claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of 
principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 or 
any Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter 
in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), 
(provided that (A) in the case of paragraphs (b) and (h), and (B) (in the case of a Material Subsidiary 
only) (d) to (g) (each inclusive) and (C) in the case of any event analogous to any of the foregoing 
under paragraph (j), the Trustee shall have certified that in its opinion such event is materially 
prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders), give notice in writing to the Issuer that each Note is, and 
each Note shall thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption Amount 
together (if relevant) with accrued and unpaid interest as provided in the Trust Deed if any of the 
following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur: 
(a) 
Non-Payment: the Issuer fails to pay the principal of any of the Notes when due and such 
failure continues for a period of seven days, or the Issuer fails to pay any interest in respect 
of any of the Notes when due and such failure continues for a period of 14 days; or 
(b) 
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of 
its other obligations under the Notes or the Trust Deed which default (in the opinion of the 
Trustee) is incapable of remedy or (if in the opinion of the Trustee such default is capable of 
being remedied) is not remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been 
given to the Issuer by the Trustee; or 
(c) 
Cross-Acceleration: (i) any other present or future Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries (A) becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of 
any default or event of default (howsoever described) or (B) is not paid when due or, as the 
case may be, within any originally applicable grace period, or (ii) the Issuer or any of its 
Material Subsidiaries fails to pay when due any amount payable by it under any present or 
future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any Indebtedness of any other person, 
provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant Indebtedness, guarantees and indemnities 
in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this Condition 10.1(c) 
have occurred equals or exceeds €25,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency; or 
(d) 
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, 
enforced or sued out on or against the whole or a substantial part of the property, assets or 
revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (provided that such property, assets 
or revenues have an aggregate value exceeding €25,000,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency) and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days or, if legal proceedings are initiated 
within that time period for the purposes of discharge, 60 days or any such longer period as 
may be permitted by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders or by the Trustee in its 
sole discretion; or 
(e) 
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or 
future, created or assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is enforced, in 
each case in respect of any Indebtedness which alone or in aggregate exceeds €25,000,000 or 
its equivalent in any other currency (including the taking of possession or the appointment of 
a liquidator, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator, reconstructor (in Danish: 
rekonstruktør), manager or other similar person) and the relevant Indebtedness is not paid 
within 30 days of such step being taken; or 
(f) 
Insolvency: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is insolvent or bankrupt or unable to 
pay its debts as they fall due, or stops, suspends or publicly announces its intention to stop or 
suspend payment of all or a substantial part of its debts, proposes or makes any agreement

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
for the deferral, rescheduling or other readjustment of all of its debts (or of a substantial part 
which it will otherwise be unable to pay when due), or proposes or makes a general 
assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors 
in respect of any of such debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or 
affecting all or a substantial part of the debts of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries; 
or 
(g) 
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer ceases or publicly 
announces its intention to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or 
operations, except in any such case (i) for the purpose of and followed by a reconstruction, 
amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation on terms approved by the Trustee or 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, or (ii) in the case of a Material 
Subsidiary, either (A) a voluntary solvent winding-up where surplus assets are available for 
distribution, or (B) in circumstances where the undertaking and assets of the Material 
Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer and/or one or more of the 
Issuer’s other Subsidiaries which (or each of which) is, or thereby becomes, a Material 
Subsidiary, or (C) a disposal of any business or assets (including the disposal of shares in a 
Subsidiary) for fair value on an arm’s length basis; or  
(h) 
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or 
effecting of any necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, 
recording or registration) at any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to 
enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and perform and comply with its 
obligations under the Notes and the Trust Deed, (ii) to ensure that those obligations are 
legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Notes and the Trust Deed admissible in 
evidence in the courts of England is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(i) 
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or 
more of its material obligations under any of the Notes or the Trust Deed; or 
(j) 
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs of this 
Condition 10.1. 
10.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the 
Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in relation to the 
Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-quarter in nominal 
amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails so to do within a reasonable 
period and such failure shall be continuing. 
10.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“EBITDA” at any time:

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
(i) 
with respect to the Group on a consolidated basis, means “EBITDA” as defined in the then 
most recent annual report of the Issuer, applied to the Group on a consolidated basis; and 
(ii) 
with respect to any Subsidiary of the Issuer on an individual and unconsolidated basis, shall 
be calculated on a like basis as for the Group but on an individual and unconsolidated basis 
of such Subsidiary;  
“Group” means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries taken as a whole;  
“Indebtedness” means any present or future indebtedness (whether being principal, interest or other 
amounts) for or in respect of (i) money borrowed, (ii) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance 
or acceptance credit or (iii) any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan capital, loan stock, 
certificates of deposit, commercial paper or other securities or instruments, offered, issued or 
distributed whether by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise 
and whether issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash;  
“Material Subsidiary” means: 
(i) 
each of GN Hearing A/S and GN Audio A/S (in each case, for so long as it is a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer); and 
(ii) 
at any time, any Subsidiary of the Issuer which, on an individual and unconsolidated basis 
has (A) EBITDA, (B) gross assets and/or (C) turnover, in each case representing 7.5 per 
cent. or more of the total consolidated EBITDA, gross assets and/or turnover, respectively, 
of the Group. 
Compliance with the conditions set out in this paragraph (ii) shall be determined on an 
annual basis by reference to the latest annual audited financial statements of the relevant 
Subsidiary and the latest annual audited consolidated financial statements of the Group. 
However, if a Subsidiary has been acquired or disposed of since the date as at which the 
latest audited consolidated financial statements of the Group were prepared, the financial 
statements shall be deemed to be adjusted in order to take into account the acquisition or 
disposal (as the case may be) of that Subsidiary (that adjustment being confirmed to the 
Trustee in a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer as representing an accurate 
reflection of the revised EBITDA, gross assets and/or turnover (as the case may be) of the 
Group). A certificate delivered to the Trustee and signed by two directors of the Issuer 
confirming that a Subsidiary is or is not (or was or was not) a Material Subsidiary as at any 
given time shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Trustee and the Noteholders, 
and the Trustee shall be entitled to rely thereupon without liability to any person; and 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning provided in section 7 of the Danish Companies Act (Consolidated 
Act no. 763 from 23 July 2019 as amended from time to time). 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may 
be replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes, 
Receipts or Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the 
claimant of such costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms 
as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, 
Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and, if the Notes are Registered Notes, a 
Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as 
may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer  is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.6. Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 14. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain 
circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
of agency or trust with, any Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder.  The Agency Agreement 
contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with 
which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the 
successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9. 
14. 
NOTICES 
14.1 
Notices to Noteholders 
Subject as follows, all notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if 
published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London.  The 
Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of 
any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules.  Any such notice will be 
deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  If

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and 
will be deemed to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
Subject as follows, all notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if 
sent by first class mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first 
named of joint holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to 
have been given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes 
are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules 
of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website 
of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any Notes in definitive form are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such 
mailing the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of 
that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of 
the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the holders of the Notes on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
14.2 
Notices by Noteholders 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes).  Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
15. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, DETERMINATION AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
15.1 
Meetings and Resolutions 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a 
modification of the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed.  
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if 
required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than ten per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. Any such meeting may be held as physical meeting 
or may instead be held by way of audio or video conference call. 
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented; except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes, the Receipts or the 
Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for 
payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes, the Receipts or the

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one 
or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding.  
The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in 
accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than two-thirds of the votes cast 
on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by 
way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the 
Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders.   
An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders, 
whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and 
on all Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
15.2 
Modification, Waiver and Determination 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to 
any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the 
provisions of the Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that 
any Event of Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, where, in any such 
case, it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders 
so to do (other than in respect of a waiver, authorisation or modification (as applicable) relating to 
any of the matters which are the subject of paragraph 5 of Schedule 3 to the Trust Deed) or may 
agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or to correct a manifest error. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur 
with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise set 
out in Condition 5.2(c) without the consent of the Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the 
Couponholders. Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and 
the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
15.3 
Entitlement of Trustee 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee 
shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to 
any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have 
regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or 
any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any 
other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such 
exercise upon individual Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders except to the extent already 
provided for in Condition 8 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in 
substitution for, Condition 8 pursuant to the Trust Deed.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
15.4 
Substitution of the Issuer 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the substitution in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under 
the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being a Subsidiary of 
the Issuer, subject to (i) the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer, 
(ii) the Trustee being satisfied that the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced 
by the substitution and (iii) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. 
16. 
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility, including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for 
the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties 
under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without 
regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders 
and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit 
received thereby or in connection therewith.  
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions 
the same as the Notes (or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment 
of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue) and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
18. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
19. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, 
the Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law.  
19.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 19.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Receipts 
and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, 
performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Deed, the Notes, the Receipts and/or the Coupons (a “Dispute”) and accordingly each of the 
Issuer and the Trustee and any Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders in relation to 
any Dispute submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 19.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute.  
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the foregoing provisions of this Condition 19.2 shall not limit 
the rights of the Trustee and any Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, in respect 
of any Dispute or Disputes, to take (i) proceedings against the Issuer in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
19.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints GN Hearing UK Ltd. at its registered office for the time being, 
currently at Building A, Kirtlington Business Centre, Oxon, OX5 3JA, United Kingdom as its agent 
for service of process in any proceedings in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of 
GN Hearing UK Ltd. being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint 
another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of 
any Dispute.  The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not 
invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. This Condition 19.3 applies to proceedings in England and to proceedings 
elsewhere. 
19.4 
Other documents  
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those 
set out above.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit and may include refinancing of other indebtedness.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP 
Overview 
The Issuer is incorporated as a limited liability company under Danish law and is registered with the Danish 
Business Authority under business registration (CVR) number 24 25 78 43. Its registered office is at 
Lautrupbjerg 7, 2750 Ballerup, Denmark (phone number +45 4575 0000) and its website is www.gn.com. 
Information on the Issuer’s website that is not otherwise incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
The Group is a global leader in intelligent audio solutions that are marketed and sold in around 100 countries 
across the world. Its unique portfolio of medical, professional and consumer audio solutions and deep R&D 
expertise enables differentiation in its range of products and solutions.  
Through its two divisions, GN Hearing and GN Audio, the Group primarily develops and manufactures 
hearing aids (GN Hearing), headsets, speakers and - since the Group’s acquisition of Altia Systems in 2019 – 
video cameras for collaboration spaces (GN Audio).  
Founded in Denmark in 1869, GN has been a technology-driven company throughout its history, from the 
pioneering development of the first telegraph connection from Northern Europe to China in the 19th century, 
investment in and development of FM radio communication in the 1940s, introduction of the first headset for 
call centres in the late 1970s, to a focus on digital technology and sound engineering in the modern day, 
aimed at transforming global communication for the workplace, the medical industry and consumers.  
With long-standing expertise in the human ear, sound, wireless technology and miniaturisation, GN’s 
innovative and intelligent audio solutions are primarily marketed under its premium brands ReSound 
(hearing aids) and Jabra (headsets, speakerphones, cameras and other products). Additionally, the Group’s 
product offering includes hearing solutions under the Beltone and Interton brands, professional headsets 
under the BlueParrott brand, as well as hearing care practice solutions under the Audigy brand and advanced 
in-ear communications and hearing protection systems for defence and security forces under the FalCom 
brand. In addition, GN offers private label solutions to selected key accounts. 
Other Group innovations include the development of the world’s first ‘Made for iPhone’ (or iPad or iPod 
touch) hearing aids with direct stereo sound streaming, the world’s first cloud-based, remote fine-tuning 
solution and applications to optimise user experience and satisfaction. In addition, the Group has entered into 
technology alliances and partnerships, for example with Google to bring the full spectrum of direct audio 
streaming from Android devices to hearing aids, and with Australian Cochlear for joint R&D, shared 
technology and strengthened global commercial collaboration. 
In 2019, the Group increased revenue by 19 per cent. to DKK 12,574 million compared to DKK 10,607 
million in 2018. Organic revenue growth was 15 per cent., compared to 13 per cent. in 2018. In addition, the 
Group increased EBITA to DKK 2,321 million in 2019, which was 19 per cent. higher than DKK 1,956 
million in 2018.  
Principal subsidiaries 
The Issuer is the ultimate holding company of the Group. The following chart shows the principal operating 
subsidiaries of the Issuer:

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
 
Share capital and principal shareholders 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the total share capital of the Issuer was DKK 569,072,400 and the 
total number of its shares in issue was 142,268,100.  
The Issuer’s previous share buy-back programme initiated on 1 May 2019 in accordance with Article 5 of 
Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the “Market Abuse Regulation”) and Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 
(relating to buy-back programmes and stabilisation measures) ended on 9 March 2020. Due to limited 
visibility as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic and in order to preserve a strong balance sheet, GN 
has postponed the initiation of its new share buy-back programme until further notice. 
Based on information reported to the Issuer by shareholders in accordance with applicable share notification 
rules, as at the date of this Base Prospectus APG Asset Management N.V. holds more than five per cent. of 
the Issuer’s share capital, and Société Générale S.A. holds financial instruments representing more than five 
per cent. of the Issuer’s share capital. No shareholder holds shares or financial instruments representing more 
than 10 per cent. of the Issuer’s share capital. 
Strategy 
GN’s strategy for 2020 and beyond is to continue enabling people to Hear More, Do More and Be More, 
driven by innovation leadership and commercial and eco-system excellence. Specifically, in the years ahead 
GN intends to leverage synergies between both its business divisions and to drive growth by delivering 
individualised customer experiences in products and solutions.  
More specifically, GN’s strategy for 2020 and beyond is to: 
 
improve individualised customer experience; 
 
further broaden the reach and appeal of GN’s hearing and audio product portfolios, where 
management sees opportunities for continued growth; and

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
as new market segments open up, leverage GN’s technological expertise and commercial platform, 
where these provide a competitive advantage. 
GN’s focus going forward 
GN’s core technology capabilities have brought GN to its current position. Going forward, GN intends to 
retain its foundation in technology and to continue to pursue innovation and technological excellence. 
GN plans to do this through a deepened understanding of its customers’ needs. GN intends to develop 
improved individualised products that will serve individual customers even better. In addition, GN aims to 
develop and improve its commercial and operational execution further. 
GN sees potential opportunities in leveraging the skillsets of its two operating companies to drive further 
synergies and to become even more relevant to its customers. GN also intends to add complementary 
acquisitions where it sees opportunities and synergies. 
By doing this effectively, GN aspires to continue its growth momentum in the years ahead. 
Products, Solutions and Markets 
GN’s technology is founded on its expertise in the human ear, sound, wireless technology and 
miniaturisation, linking insight and knowledge from the hearing aid and the headset industries. 
GN HEARING 
GN Hearing is a pure play manufacturer and wholesaler of hearing solutions.  
GN Hearing has a track record of innovation in hearing aids based on customer insights, exclusive sound 
processing systems and leading-edge connectivity. GN’s history of producing sound solutions and 
pioneering advancements in technology includes a premium hearing solution on the market based on sixth 
generation 2.4 GHz technology, which combines high sound quality, full spectrum streaming, remote 
support and optimisation and advanced rechargeable solutions. Other innovations include third generation 
binaural directionality for natural sound, the world’s first ‘Made for iPhone’ (or iPad or iPod touch) hearing 
aids with direct stereo sound streaming, the world’s first cloud-based, remote fine-tuning solution, 
applications driving enhanced user experience and satisfaction, and a technology partnership with Google 
designed to bring the full spectrum of direct audio streaming from Android devices to hearing aids. 
Key brands within the GN Hearing business include: ReSound, the Group’s premium offering using its latest 
technology; Beltone, offering personalised hearing care along with technically optimised hearing aid 
solutions; and Interton, which provides an affordable, easy-to-use option for those with hearing impairments. 
GN Hearing brands 
 
Recent highlights of the GN Hearing offering include: 
In August 2020, GN Hearing announced the launch of ReSound ONE (and the corresponding Beltone 
Imagine), a new class of hearing aid that, among others, includes Microphone & Receiver-In-Ear

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
(“M&RIE”) technology, which places an additional microphone inside the ear canal, further aiding hearing 
in a way closer to hearing with the unique shape of the user’s ear while preserving the comfort of an open-fit 
device. 
With ReSound ONE, users receive high sound quality and hear conversations better in noisy environments. 
ReSound ONE is a full-featured hearing aid with M&RIE design. This innovation has been achieved with a 
new receiver system combined with new Digital Feedback Suppression, enabled by GN’s most powerful 
sound-processing chipset to date. By picking up sound directly inside the ear, ReSound ONE attempts to 
improve the ability to tune in to individual voices, as well as reducing background noise. ReSound ONE has 
been available in clinics globally from the end of August 2020 in rechargeable and non-rechargeable models. 
ReSound ONE is the most recent addition to GN Hearing’s portfolio of hearing aids, which, among others, 
also include the ReSound LiNX Quattro family launched over the last few years. ReSound LiNX Quattro is a 
full product family ranging across form factors and offers improved sound experience, with high quality 
layers of sound and direct streaming to iOS and Android devices. The portfolio includes the world’s first 
Completely-in-Canal 2.4 GHz hearing aid with ear-to-ear connectivity and direct streaming to iOS and 
Android devices. 
The GN Hearing market 
GN Hearing estimates that the global hearing aid market was around 16 million units in 2019. GN Hearing 
delivered 7 per cent. organic revenue growth in 2019. The revenue in 2019 reached DKK 6,351 million, 
compared to DKK 5,833 million in 2018. In 2019, North America, Europe and the rest of the world 
contributed 53 per cent., 25 per cent., and 22 per cent., respectively, of GN Hearing’s revenue. 
GN Hearing experienced a severe impact from COVID-19 with an organic revenue growth of -35 per cent. in 
the first half of 2020, generating DKK 2,029 million in revenue compared to DKK 3,092 million in the first 
half of 2019. 
GN AUDIO 
GN Audio is a leader in unified communications (“UC”) headsets and speakers, driven by customer-focused 
commercialisation of the product portfolio. GN Audio’s professional headsets, speakerphone and camera 
solutions are intended to help businesses to be more productive and to deliver superior sound and strong 
battery life to users for whom calls, music and media consumption are important. 
GN Audio operates predominantly in the enterprise (non-consumer) market through its tasked-based office 
products for UC and through its call-centric headsets and related products. UC refers to the integration of 
enterprise communication services, mobility features, audio, web and video conferencing, as well as data 
sharing services. 
 
GN Audio focuses on the design, development, manufacturing, and distribution of headsets, voice, video and 
content sharing solutions as well as a comprehensive line of support and service solutions to ensure customer 
success. 
 
Its Jabra brand provides technically advanced headset, speakerphone and video camera solutions, while 
BlueParrott adds strong noise-cancelling technology to deliver enhanced call quality in high-noise 
environments (such as those experienced by professional truck drivers).

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
GN Audio brands 
 
Recent highlights of the GN Audio offering include: 
Jabra 
Jabra is GN’s lead brand within professional and consumer headsets. Jabra provides technically advanced 
headset, speakerphone and audio-visual collaboration solutions – based on sound and visual capabilities and 
engineered to fit the purpose for which they will be used. In recent years, Jabra has fortified its position as a 
leader in UC with products intended to help businesses achieve productivity improvement. Jabra offers audio 
and video communication and collaboration products and solutions engineered specifically for professional 
office use and for contact centres. Jabra’s range of products are available in around 80 countries.  
The Jabra range includes, among others, the following product families: 
 
Jabra Evolve2 product family 
In March 2020, GN Audio announced its new Evolve2 range, the next generation of the Evolve 
range, its best-selling UC headset to enhance productivity in the office. The range consists of the 
Evolve2 85, Evolve2 65, and Evolve2 40 and is engineered to improve concentration, collaboration 
and flexibility in the workplace by blocking out more noise (Active Noise Cancelation (“ANC”)), 
providing better voice clarity, bringing distributed teams together, permitting remote working, and 
monitoring data to enable intelligent decision-making. The headsets work with leading UC platforms 
and are certified for Microsoft Teams. 
 
Jabra Engage product family 
In April 2018, GN Audio launched Jabra Engage, a new family of wireless professional headsets that 
are intended to improve standards for call quality, security, and the number of staff that can 
simultaneously use wireless headsets in a given office space. Jabra Engage introduced a new class of 
Digital Enhanced Cordless Telecommunications wireless headsets that have been designed following 
extensive research into the challenges facing call-centric businesses (contact centres).  
 
Jabra PanaCast 
In March 2019, GN Audio acquired Altia Systems with immediate access to video capabilities. Jabra 
PanaCast is engineered to be one of the world’s first smart Panoramic-4k Plug-and-Play video 
solutions. Its cameras and microphones, fourth-generation stitching technology and Intelligent 
Vision software work to provide optimal performance, and its real-time immersive intelligent vision 
system offers 180-degree panoramic vision which ensures everyone in the room can be seen. Jabra 
PanaCast provides value by delivering wall-to-wall video, audio and data to facilitate effective video 
collaboration.   
 
Jabra Elite product family  
In September 2020, GN Audio launched Jabra Elite 85t earbuds. Building on GN’s long history of 
innovation in true wireless technology, ANC was introduced to its compact true wireless portfolio

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
with the new Elite 85t and upgraded Elite 75t series, including high standards on design and fit. The 
Elite 85t was engineered to increase the levels of noise that can be removed in wireless earbuds.  
The GN Audio market 
GN Audio estimates that the global enterprise market was approximately USD 1.8 billion in 2019. For the 
past five financial years, GN Audio has delivered an increasing organic revenue growth and in 2019, GN 
Audio delivered 26 per cent. in organic revenue growth. The revenue in 2019 reached DKK 6,223 million, 
compared to DKK 4,774 million in 2018. During 2020, GN Audio experienced very strong enterprise 
demand, partly for home office products as enterprises of all sizes, and across various industries, were 
investing in employees working from home due to COVID-19. In the first half of 2020, GN Audio delivered 
an organic revenue growth of 27 per cent., generating DKK 3,597 million in revenue compared to DKK 
2,799 million in the first half of 2019. 
OTHER 
GN endeavours continually to innovate and develop its products and solutions based on the Group’s core 
competencies in intelligent audio solutions, and to explore opportunities outside of, but related to, GN’s 
existing business areas. For example, Audigy Group offers business and performance management solutions 
to hearing care practitioners across North America, while FalCom provides an advanced communications 
and hearing protection system for defence and security forces. 
Partnerships 
GN’s business model has been successful over time despite being a smaller company relative to many of its 
competitors, in part based on its ability to leverage strategic partnerships by collaborating with customers and 
partnering with distributors, start-ups and other industry leaders.  
While GN continually explores opportunities for relevant acquisitive growth, such as its acquisition in March 
2019 of Altia Systems, a leading innovative developer of premium UC video solutions, GN also intends to 
continue to focus on partnering with leading technology experts, channels, customers, start-up entrepreneurs 
and adjacent industry and technology leaders to leverage their specialist expertise. 
Aside from GN’s long-standing cooperation with Apple and Microsoft, its recent engagement with various 
partners, including the (i) investment in and strategic partnership with audEERING, a recognised player 
within intelligent audio analysis and emotional artificial intelligence, (ii) expanded and deepened alliance 
with Australian Cochlear, the global leader in implantable hearing solutions, (iii) new technology partnership 
with Google, and (iv) new partnership with Red Bull Media House to deliver superior audio quality in 
extreme conditions, confirm GN’s commitment to a smart partnering business model that allows GN to 
compete more effectively in its market segments. 
R&D 
GN has R&D centres in Denmark, the U.S., the Netherlands and China. The Group commands a unique 
blend of expertise of the human ear, sound and speech, wireless technologies, user-friendly software and 
miniaturisation. In 2019, GN invested 8.9 per cent. of its revenue in R&D. 
Manufacturing and source materials 
The Group has manufacturing sites in Denmark, China and Malaysia, and regional operating centres located 
in the U.S., Spain and Great Britain. 
GN Audio’s products are mainly produced by carefully selected manufacturers in China, and most 
components are sourced from suppliers in Asia. GN Audio works with a small number of tier-one 
manufacturers supported by more than 100 sub-suppliers.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
Generally, the Group seeks to source components from more than one supplier where this is reasonably 
practicable.  
GN seeks to refine the way its products are manufactured to make the most of the raw materials and to 
design more sustainable products with a strong focus on safety. In an effort to avoid harmful materials and 
substances in products, materials and components, its products undergo thorough testing during the 
development phase. Where possible, GN aims to pursue a dual sourcing strategy to ensure that it is able to 
source the same type of component from at least two different suppliers. 
For some unique suppliers, other measures are taken to reduce the risk, such as higher inventory buffers, dual 
sets of production equipment or other specific measures. 
Sales and Distribution 
GN’s hearing aids are sold in around 100 countries across the world. GN operates sales organisations in 
approximately 30 countries and operates via partners and distributors in the other countries. 
GN’s audio products are sold via distributors and retailers in around 80 countries around the world. Logistics 
partners are responsible for optimising lead-time to the final customer, delivering from three regional 
warehouses in the U.S., the Netherlands and Hong Kong. 
Regulatory  
Regulatory requirements concerning quality management systems and product safety of medical devices, 
including hearing aids and certain accessories, are becoming more significant. The most recent significant 
piece of legislation in this area is the EUMDR, which imposes stricter requirements with regard to clinical 
data and safety risk management. In May 2020, the transition period set out by the regulation expired. Since 
May 2020, quality systems for all R&D and manufacturing sites as well as any new products classified as 
medical devices must be in compliance with the requirements of the EUMDR. 
During 2018, GN Hearing achieved certification at all applicable sites to the new ISO 13485:2016 standard 
for quality management systems related to medical devices as set out in the EUMDR. GN Hearing also 
achieved a certification under the Medical Device Single Audit Program, an international program that 
consists of one single regulatory audit of quality management systems to meet relevant requirements of 
multiple regulatory authorities. 
GN complies with the European Union Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive 2002/95/EC and the 
European Union Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals regulation as well as 
other national and international legislation and changes to legislation and standards are monitored closely. 
GN Hearing’s products are developed under a highly regulated quality system complying with various safety 
and manufacturing standards, including in the U.S. and Europe, which are used by GN Hearing to control a 
number of product standards and processes. These include, for example, that all materials and components of 
hearing aids that are in contact with human skin must fulfil all relevant biological and regulatory 
requirements.  
In the U.S. market for hearing aids, a new over-the-counter category is expected to be introduced by the end 
of 2020. The precise scope and timing of its implementation remains unknown and the overall impact on GN 
and the hearing aid industry more broadly remains unknown. As a result of this new category, new players 
may be encouraged to enter the market and the Group may see some downward pressure on prices. See “Risk 
Factors—The Group must comply with various regulatory requirements, and changes in or new regulatory 
requirements may adversely impact its gross margins, reduce its ability to generate revenues if the Group is 
unable to comply, or decrease demand for its products if the actual or perceived quality of its products are 
negatively impacted”. On the other hand, the new category could increase the share of hearing-impaired 
people acquiring hearing aids and, thus, lead to an expansion of the overall size of the market. Depending on

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
the new rules, GN may consider leveraging its unique combination of competencies within medical devices 
and consumer electronics to develop an over-the-counter offering. 
Compliance with regulatory requirements concerning quality management systems and product safety of 
medical devices, including hearing aids and certain accessories, is generally managed centrally within the 
Group. 
IP 
GN’s intellectual property rights comprise primarily patents and trademarks and, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, include approximately 1,800 active, issued national patents, 550 published pending patent 
applications, 450 registered designs and approximately 1,350 registered national trademarks. The vast 
majority of the patent filings emerge from research and development activities of the Group, and the 
geographical coverage mainly targets key markets and in particular USA, Europe, China and Japan. The 
most significant assets include patents relating to technologies for the development of hearing instrument 
solutions for GN Hearing and headset solutions for GN Audio, and trademarks relating to brand protection.  
The patent rights of the Group cover various aspects such as the design, construction, manufacturing, 
operation and applications related to hearing instrument solutions and headset solutions. The patents mainly 
focus on software, hardware and wireless solutions such as advanced signal processing, algorithms, 
electronics, mechanics, and communication. 
Insurance 
The Group maintains a range of insurance policies at levels which it considers satisfactory from time to time, 
including property, environmental, liability and cyber insurances.  
Litigation  
The Group is involved in litigation and other disputes from time to time in the normal course of its business, 
generally falling within the following categories: (i) product liability claims; (ii) patent litigation; and (iii) 
commercial conflicts (for example, breach of contract and employment disputes). GN does not presently 
expect that current or anticipated claims involving the Group, individually or in the aggregate, will have a 
material adverse impact on its business or financial condition.  
Environmental, Social and Governmental (“ESG”)  
GN’s ESG efforts are based on a number of internationally-recognised principles relating to human rights, 
employee rights, the environment and anti-corruption as formulated in the UN Global Compact principles of 
responsible business, and anchored internally in the Codes of Conduct, Ethics Guide, as well as Corporate 
Social Responsibility, conflict minerals, quality, modern slavery and responsible sourcing policies. 
GN publishes information on its ESG activities in its annual Sustainability Report. 
Environment 
GN is committed to integrating considerations of the environment in its planning and performance of 
activities in order to minimise its environmental and climate impact. GN actively encourages its suppliers to 
consider the environment in relation to GN’s products.  
GN continually evaluates the way it creates products to make the most of raw materials and to design more 
sustainable products whilst maintaining high quality standards. GN also focuses on reducing energy 
consumption at its manufacturing facilities. Water consumption at GN’s manufacturing facilities is very 
limited and primarily used for sanitation purposes. For all the Group’s production lines, it has set a threshold

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
for acceptable waste levels. Most of its waste is small in quantity and all the Group’s manufacturing facilities 
use licensed disposal contractors that remove any waste and properly dispose of it. 
Social 
GN’s primary risk associated with human and labour rights is identified to be in relation to the supply chain. 
GN therefore requires all its suppliers to comply with GN’s Code of Conduct, which covers bribery, human 
and labour rights (child labour, wages, working hours) and safety. GN continually assesses its suppliers and 
monitors their compliance through supplier self-assessments, performance monitoring, audits and site visits. 
Regular meetings are set up with all key suppliers to ensure follow-up on standards, procedures, quality, etc. 
If GN experiences any issues or breaches in relation to its Code of Conduct from suppliers, it raises a non-
conformity case, and suppliers will be required to provide an action plan to correct findings within an agreed 
time frame. However, if GN discovers critical issues at its suppliers, it may elect to take more severe actions. 
GN requires its suppliers to exclude conflict minerals originated from the Democratic Republic of the Congo 
and adjoining countries from GN products and uses due diligence process based on OECD methodology to 
ensure compliance.  
Corporate Governance & Diversity 
GN strives to build trusted relationships with customers, shareholders, suppliers, employees and the 
community. The Group also aims for a high degree of transparency and active ownership, including sharing 
information and engaging in a regular dialogue with all stakeholders.  
GN is a global company, with around 6,200 employees as at 30 September 2020, and to successfully develop 
and maintain this position in the marketplace, GN is dependent upon global expertise and experience at the 
board level. GN believes its Board of Directors represents a diverse group in terms of global experience, 
functional competencies and industry background, which ensures that it can fulfil its obligations. Board 
members possess expertise within medical-tech, innovation, product development, online marketing and 
commercialisation, as well as thorough understanding of financial and human resource matters and in-depth 
knowledge of GN’s business.  
The Board of Directors is dedicated to the belief that diversity strengthens any governing body and 
acknowledges the importance of diversity in general, including diversity of gender, nationality and 
competencies. One of GN’s diversity goals is to have females elected to three out of six positions in the GN 
Board of Directors by the end of 2020. In 2020, the Board of Directors was extended to seven shareholder 
elected members, and of those four are currently female. 
Another focus of the Group has been to ensure stronger diversity among its senior management teams in GN 
Audio and GN Hearing. In November 2020, females comprised 21 per cent. of senior management positions 
across the Group. 
GN has adopted a Diversity Policy as recommended by the Danish Committee on corporate governance. 
The Executive Management and Board of Directors 
The following table sets out the Executive Management team and the Board of Directors of the Issuer as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, together with their positions at the Issuer and other directorships and 
significant outside responsibilities: 
Name 
Position 
Other Directorships/Responsibilities 
Executive Management

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Name 
Position 
Other Directorships/Responsibilities 
Gitte Pugholm Aabo 
CEO, GN Hearing A/S and 
Member of the Executive 
Management of GN Store Nord 
A/S 
Member of the Committee of Directors 
of Danmarks Nationalbank (the Danish 
National Bank), member of the Board of 
HIMPP A/S. 
René Svendsen-Tune 
CEO, GN Store Nord A/S and 
GN Audio A/S 
Chairman of the Boards of Stokke AS 
and GN Store Nord Fondet, Deputy 
Chairman of the Board of NKT A/S, 
member of the Board of Nilfisk Holding 
A/S. 
Marcus Desimoni* 
CFO, GN Store Nord A/S and 
GN Hearing A/S 
None. 
Board of Directors 
Per Wold-Olsen 
Chairman of the Boards of GN 
Store Nord A/S, GN Audio A/S 
and GN Hearing A/S 
Chairman of the Boards of Medicines for 
Malaria Venture and Oncopeptides AB. 
Member of the Board of Gilead Sciences 
Inc.  
Jukka Pekka Pertola 
Deputy Chairman of the Boards 
of GN Store Nord A/S, GN 
Audio A/S and GN Hearing A/S 
Chairman of the Boards of Asetek A/S, 
GomSpace Group AB, GomSpace A/S, 
IoT Denmark A/S, IoT Solutions A/S, 
Monsenso A/S, Siemens Gamesa 
Renewable Energy A/S, Tryg A/S, Tryg 
Forsikring A/S. Deputy Chairman of the 
Board of Cowi Holding A/S. Member of 
the Board of Industriens 
Pensionsforsikring A/S. 
Wolfgang Reim 
Member of the Boards of GN 
Store Nord A/S, GN Audio A/S 
and GN Hearing A/S 
CEO of Amann Girrbach AG. Chairman 
of the Board of Ondal Medical GmbH. 
Member of the Boards of Elekta AB, 
LAP Laser GmbH and AudEERING 
GmbH.  
Hélène Barnekow 
Member of the Boards of GN 
Store Nord A/S, GN Audio A/S 
and GN Hearing A/S 
CEO of Microsoft, Sweden. 
Member of the Board of Creades AB. 
Ronica Wang 
Member of the Boards of GN 
Store Nord A/S, GN Audio A/S 
and GN Hearing A/S 
Co-Founder and Global Managing 
Director, InnoGrowth Group Ltd. 
Member of the Boards of Pandora A/S 
and Hotelbeds Group. 
Montserrat Maresch Pascual 
Member of the Boards of GN Store 
Nord A/S, GN Audio A/S and GN 
Hearing A/S 
Co-Founder and Senior Advisor, Naar + 
Maresch AB. Senior advisor to the Boards 
of Isolana, S.A. and Pronokal Health Group 
S.L. Member of the Board of GN Store 
Nord Fondet. 
Anette Weber 
Member of the Boards of GN Store 
Nord A/S, GN Audio A/S and GN 
CFO, Bucherer AG. Member of the Board 
of New Work S.E.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Name 
Position 
Other Directorships/Responsibilities 
Hearing A/S 
Leo Larsen 
Employee elected member of the 
Board of GN Store Nord A/S 
Member of the Board of GN Store Nord 
Fondet. 
Morten Andersen 
Employee elected member of the 
Board of GN Store Nord A/S 
None. 
Marcus Stuhr Perathoner 
Employee elected member of the 
Board of GN Store Nord A/S 
None. 
* As announced by the Issuer on 30 September 2020, Marcus Desimoni has elected to step down from his 
positions as Chief Financial Officer of GN Store Nord A/S and GN Hearing A/S on 31 December 2020. Peter 
Gormsen will take over the position as Chief Financial Officer of GN Store Nord A/S from 1 January 2021, 
in addition to his current position as Chief Financial Officer of GN Audio A/S.  
The business address of all of the Executive Management team and Directors is Lautrupbjerg 7, 2750 
Ballerup, Denmark, save that the business address for Morten Andersen is GN Hearing A/S, Industrivej 6, 
Præstø, 4720, Denmark. 
No conflicts or potential conflicts of interest exist between any duties to the Issuer of the persons on the 
Executive Management team and the Board of Directors and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the 
Issuer’s country of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from 
the Notes. 
DENMARK 
The comments below, which are of a general nature, are a summary of the Issuer’s understanding of current 
Danish tax law as applied in Denmark relating to certain aspects of the Danish withholding tax treatment at 
the date hereof in relation to payments of interest (as that term is understood for Danish tax purposes) in 
respect of the Notes. They do not deal with any other Danish taxation aspects of acquiring, holding or 
disposing of Notes. The comments relate only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial 
owners of their Notes and Coupons and do not apply to certain classes of person (such as dealers and 
persons connected with the Issuer).  
Prospective holders of Notes should be aware that the particular terms of issue of any series of Notes as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms may affect the tax treatment of that and other series of Notes. The 
Danish tax treatment of prospective Noteholders depends on their individual circumstances and may be 
subject to change in the future. Prospective holders of Notes who may be liable to tax in a jurisdiction other 
than Denmark are strongly advised to consult their own professional advisers as to whether they are so 
liable (and if so under the laws of which jurisdictions). The comments assume that no security will be 
created for the benefit of the Notes, that there will be no substitution of the Issuer and do not address the 
consequences of such substitution (notwithstanding that such substitution is permitted by the terms and 
conditions of the Notes), that the Issuer will not issue any Notes from or through any branch situated outside 
Denmark. Noteholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional 
advisers.  
Taxation at source 
Under existing Danish tax laws, no general withholding tax or coupon tax will apply to payments of interest, 
principal or other amounts due on the Notes, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of controlled 
debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to in sec. 2(1)(d) of Consolidated Act no. 1084 of 26 June 2020, as 
amended. This will not have any impact on holders of Notes who are not in a relationship whereby they 
control, or are controlled by, the Issuer.  
Resident holders of Notes  
Private individuals, including persons who are engaged in financial trade, companies and similar entities 
resident in Denmark for tax purposes or receiving interest on the Notes through their permanent 
establishment in Denmark, are liable to pay tax on interest received on the Notes. 
Capital gains are taxable to individuals and corporate entities in accordance with the Danish act on taxation 
of debt, debt claims and financial contracts (in Danish: “Kursgevinstloven”) (the “Act”). Gains and losses on 
Notes held by corporate entities are generally included in their taxable income in accordance with mark-to-
market principles (in Danish: “lagerprincippet”), i.e. on a non-realised basis. Gains and losses on Notes held 
by individuals are generally included in their taxable income on a realised basis and if the annual gains or 
losses do not exceed DKK 2,000, the gains or losses will be exempt from taxation. 
Gains and losses on Notes, which are subject to adjustments on principal or interest as set out in section 
29(3) of the Act will, irrespective of realisation, be taxable on an annual basis in accordance with mark-to-
market principles as further specified in the Act.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
A variety of features regarding principal and interest may apply to the Notes. The applicable taxation of 
capital gains to corporate entities or individuals will depend on the features applicable to the Notes in 
question. 
Pension funds and other entities governed by the Danish act on taxation of pension yield (in Danish: 
“Pensionsafkastbeskatningsloven”) would be taxed on the annual value increase or decrease of the Notes 
according to mark-to-market principles as specifically laid down in the Act.  
Non-Resident holders of Notes  
Under existing Danish tax laws, payments of interest or redemption of principal amounts to any non-resident 
holders of Notes are not subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in certain cases on payments in respect of 
controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation at source” above.  
No Danish withholding tax will be payable with respect to such payments and any capital gain realised upon 
the sale, exchange, transfer or retirement of a Note will not be subject to taxation in Denmark, other than in 
certain cases on payments in respect of controlled debt in relation to the Issuer as referred to under “Taxation 
at source” above.  
This tax treatment applies solely to holders of Notes who are not subject to full tax liability in Denmark or 
included in a Danish joint taxation scheme and do not carry on business in Denmark through a permanent 
establishment.   
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT (FATCA) 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements.  A number of jurisdictions (including Denmark) have entered into, or have agreed in substance 
to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes.  Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and 
may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with 
respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is 
two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and 
have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after 
the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be 
grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  However, if 
additional Notes (as described under Condition 17) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes 
are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, 
then withholding agents may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
THE PROPOSED FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS TAX (“FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal,

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”).  However, Estonia has since stated that it will 
not participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  The issuance and subscription of Notes 
should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States.  Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State.  A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be “established” in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States.  It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated Dealer Agreement (such amended and restated Dealer 
Agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the “Dealer Agreement”) 
dated 30 November 2020, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to 
time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the 
Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.  In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update of the Programme and the 
issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them 
in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder.  The applicable 
Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or 
TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of 
which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with 
an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Each issuance of Exempt Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be subject 
to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of the 
issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the EEA or the UK.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State 
of the EEA and the UK (each a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Denmark 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer, sell or deliver any of the 
Notes directly or indirectly in the Kingdom of Denmark by way of a public offering, unless in compliance 
with, as applicable, the Prospectus Regulation, the Danish Capital Markets Act, Consolidated Act no. 377 of 
2 April 2020, as amended, and any executive orders issued thereunder and in compliance with Executive 
Order no. 1580 of 17 December 2018 issued pursuant to, inter alia, the Danish Financial Business Act, 
Consolidated Act no. 1447 of 11 September 2020, as amended, to the extent applicable.  
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the 
Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes 
or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated 
or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of 
the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the 
SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA, or to any 
person arising from an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;  
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments)(Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulation 2019. 
In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the CMP Regulations 2018, the Issuer has, unless otherwise 
specified before an offer of Notes, determined the classification of all Notes to be issued under the 
Programme as prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, 
a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the Trustee nor 
any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 6 November 2019 and a resolution of the Audit Committee of the Issuer 
dated 23 November 2020. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. The approval of 
the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 30 November 2020. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from www.gn.com/EMTN:  
(a) 
the Articles of Association (with an English translation thereof, if applicable) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive 
form, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(c) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(d) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms and 
Pricing Supplements (in the case of Exempt Notes) (save that Pricing Supplements will only be 
available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer or the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity) to this Base Prospectus and 
any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN (and, if applicable, the 
appropriate FISN and CFI) for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes).  If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.   
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.  
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group since 30 
September 2020 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 
December 2019. 
Litigation 
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group.  
Auditors 
The Issuer’s accounts for the financial year ended on 31 December 2018 were audited without qualification 
and in accordance with IFRS by Ernst & Young Godkendt Revisionspartnerselskab (“EY”).  EY is a 
member of “FSR – Danske Revisorer” (Association of State Authorised Public Accountants). 
The Issuer’s accounts for the financial year ended on 31 December 2019 were audited without qualification 
and in accordance with IFRS by Pricewaterhouse Coopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
(“PwC”), a member of “FSR – Danske Revisorer” (Association of State Authorised Public Accountants).  
The reports of the auditors of the Issuer are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in the form and 
context in which they are so incorporated by reference with the consent of the auditors who have authorised 
the contents of that part of this Base Prospectus. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and 
other derivative transactions with members of the Group and their respective affiliates. In addition, in the 
ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or its affiliates. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates may also have a lending relationship with the Issuer and may 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation 
to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of any Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to 
trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
Trustee’s action 
The Conditions and the Trust Deed provide for the Trustee to take action on behalf of the Noteholders in 
certain circumstances, but only if the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction.  It may not always be possible for the Trustee to take certain actions, notwithstanding the 
provision of an indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding to it.  Where the Trustee fails to take any action 
within a reasonable period and such failure is continuing, the Noteholders are permitted by the Conditions 
and the Trust Deed to take the relevant action directly.

--- Page 134 ---
ISSUER 
GN Store Nord A/S 
Lautrupbjerg 7 
2750 Ballerup 
Denmark 
 
 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street  
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris  
France  
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Helsinki 
Finland  
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Danish law 
Gorrissen Federspiel Advokatpartnerselskab 
Axeltorv 2 
DK-1609 Copenhagen V 
Denmark 
To the Issuer as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
 
 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom

--- Page 135 ---
AUDITORS 
In respect of the financial year ended  
31 December 2018 
Ernst & Young Godkendt 
Revisionspartnerselskab 
Osvald Helmuths Vej 4, Postboks 250 
Copenhagen 2000 Frederiksberg 
Denmark 
For the financial year ended 
31 December 2019 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret 
Revisionspartnerselskab 
Strandvejen 44 
DK 2900 Hellerup 
Denmark 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
D02 T380 
Ireland 
Printed by 
Allen & Overy LLP 
London  
UKO2: 2001372681.14