--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE  
a European public limited liability company incorporated in Germany  
as Issuer 
UNLIMITED  
Certificate of Deposit Programme 
in respect of  
STEP compliant "A" Certificates of Deposit 
and  
non-STEP compliant "B" Certificates of Deposit 
 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG 
as Issue and Paying Agent  
This Base Prospectus is dated 30 October 2024. 
 
Disclaimer clauses for Issue and Paying Agent 
See the section entitled "Important Notice" on pages 2 to 4 of this Base Prospectus 
An investment in CDs under the Programme involves certain risks 
See "Risk Factors" on pages 12 to 17 for a discussion of certain factors to be considered in 
connection with any investment in the CDs. 
No credit ratings have been assigned to the CDs.  
Arranger / Dealer(s): None.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
The Issuer, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to 
time issue STEP-compliant certificates of deposit with a maturity of not more than 364 days from and 
including the date of issue to but excluding the maturity date or, in the case of extendible CDs, the Final 
Maturity Date (as defined herein) (the "A CDs") and non-STEP compliant certificates of deposit with a 
maturity that exceeds 364 days from and including the date of issue to but excluding the maturity date 
or, in the case of extendible CDs, the Final Maturity Date (the "B CDs" and, together with the A CDs, 
the "CDs") under the programme (the "Programme") as described in this base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus"). 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its 
capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for 
securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) (the "Prospectus Act 2019") and for the 
purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
(as amended or superseded, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") to approve this document as a base 
prospectus in respect of the B CDs. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality 
of the B CDs that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in any such B CDs. By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF shall 
give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency 
of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Prospectus Act 2019. This document constitutes a 
base prospectus in respect of the B CDs for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and should be read together with any supplements thereto, all documents incorporated by reference herein 
and any final terms ("Final Terms"). The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved information in 
respect of the A CDs in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus in respect of the B CDs shall be valid for 12 months and expires on 30 October 
2025. There is no obligation to prepare a supplement in case of important new circumstances, 
material misstatements or material inaccuracies after this date.  
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to approve this document as an 
alleviated prospectus (prospectus allégé) in respect of the A CDs. This document constitutes (i) an 
alleviated prospectus (prospectus allégé) in respect of the A CDs for the purposes of Part III chapter 2 
of the Prospectus Act 2019 and (ii) an information memorandum in respect of A CDs for the purposes 
of the Short-Term European Paper ("STEP") Initiative.  
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the A CDs and the B CDs issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the Euro MTF trading venue or the professional segment of the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, which is a multilateral trading facility for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended or superseded, "MiFID II"). Application may also be made for the A CDs and the B CDs issued 
under the Programme to (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market or the professional 
segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II, (ii) the Frankfurt Stock Exchange to be listed and admitted to trading on the 
unofficial market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange which is a multilateral trading facility 
for the purposes of MiFID II; and (iii) the Frankfurt Stock Exchange to be listed on the official list of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the official list of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. The Issuer may 
also issue unlisted A CDs and unlisted B CDs and/or A CDs and B CDs not admitted to trading on any 
market. Any Extendible A CDs (as defined herein) will be unlisted.  
The expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any of the CDs, the information necessary 
to enable investors in such notes to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the CDs. In relation 
to the different types of CDs that may be issued under the programme, the Issuer has included in this 
Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information which is not known at the date 
of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of the CDs.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Any information relating to the CDs which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to an issue of the CDs will be contained either 
in the relevant Final Terms or a further base prospectus for the Programme. For issues of CDs which are 
the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that issue only, complete this Base 
Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering or sale and delivery of the 
CDs in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such 
restrictions. Subject to certain exceptions, the CDs may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States of America or to US persons. The CDs have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or under 
the securities or blue sky laws of any state. Neither the US Securities and Exchange Commission nor any 
other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of the CDs or passed upon the accuracy or inaccuracy 
of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus is not for use in, and may not be delivered to or inside, the 
United States. 
This Base Prospectus or any Final Terms do not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to 
buy, any CDs offered hereby by any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to 
make such an offer or solicitation. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the delivery of any 
Final Terms nor any sale made hereunder shall under any circumstances imply that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial situation of the issuer since the date hereof or, as the case may be, the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented. 
In accordance with the STEP Initiative, this Programme will be submitted to the STEP Secretariat in 
order to apply for the STEP label in respect of the A CDs. The STEP label will not apply to the B CDs. 
The status of STEP compliance of this Programme can be determined from the STEP Market website 
(www.stepmarket.org). This website is not sponsored by the Issuer and the Issuer is not responsible for 
its content or availability. The CSSF expresses no opinion on the STEP label. Certain prescribed 
information required by the STEP label is included in the sections entitled "Information concerning the 
Issuer's request for a STEP label" and "Certification of information". 
In relation to CDs listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, this Base Prospectus is 
valid for a period of twelve months after its date of approval until 30 October 2025. The Issuer has 
undertaken, in connection with the listing of the CDs, that if there shall occur any material adverse change 
in the financial condition or operations of the Issuer or any modification or amendment to the terms and 
conditions of the CDs such that this Base Prospectus would be inaccurate or misleading, the Issuer will 
prepare and make available a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus for the 
Programme for any subsequent issue of CDs to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. Where information contained 
in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party, such information has been accurately 
reproduced and so far as issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third 
party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term debt credit rating of A+ and a short-term debt credit rating of 
A-1 by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"); a long-term debt credit rating of A+ and a short-
term debt credit rating of F1 by Fitch Ratings, Inc. ("Fitch"); and a long-term debt credit rating of A1 
and a short-term debt credit rating of P-1 by Moody's Investors Services, Inc. ("Moody's"). 
The credit ratings of the Issuer referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by S&P, Fitch and 
Moody's, of which only S&P is registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended or 
superseded (the "EU CRA Regulation"). S&P is established in Ireland and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Neither Fitch nor Moody's is established in the European 
Union, and neither is registered under the EU CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited currently 
endorses credit ratings published by Fitch and Moody's Deutschland GmbH currently endorses credit

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
ratings issued by Moody's for regulatory purposes in the European Union in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in Ireland and Moody's Deutschland 
GmbH is established in Germany and each has been registered under the EU CRA Regulation and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation. There can be no assurance that Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH will continue to endorse credit ratings issued by Fitch and Moody's, respectively.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes in the 
European Union if such rating is not either (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered with ESMA under the EU CRA Regulation or, (2) in the case of ratings issued by 
third country non-EU credit rating agencies, either endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or 
the relevant non-EU credit rating agency is certified under the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the CDs may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (as amended, the "Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate does constitute such 
a benchmark, the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an 
administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register"). Not every 
reference rate will fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore, transitional 
provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular 
benchmark is not required to appear in either the ESMA Register. The registration status of any 
administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in 
the registration status of the administrator.  
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "US 
dollars", "USD" and "US$" are to the lawful currency of the United States; references to "Sterling" and 
"£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; and references to "euro" and "€" are to the single 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the European Economic and Monetary Union 
pursuant to the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. Certain 
monetary amounts included in this base prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. 
Accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an exact arithmetic aggregation of the 
figures that precede them.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICE .......................................................................................................................2 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION ........................................................................................................5 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION .............................................................................................5 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................................7 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................ 12 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................... 18 
CERTIFICATION OF INFORMATION ........................................................................................... 24 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S REQUEST FOR A STEP LABEL ................... 25 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................. 26 
1. 
Documents ............................................................................................................................ 26 
2. 
Information ........................................................................................................................... 26 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE A CDS ................................................................................ 33 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE B CDS ................................................................................. 56 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – A CDS ................................................................................................ 79 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – B CDs ................................................................................................. 85 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 92 
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................... 93 
FORM OF THE GLOBAL CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT ............................................................. 94 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 96 
GENERAL INFORMATION............................................................................................................. 99

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description provides a general overview of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation") 
supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation, should be read as an introduction to the Base Prospectus, 
and is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular issuances of CDs, the applicable Final Terms. Terms used in the following 
section but not defined have the meanings given to them elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Name of the Programme 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE Certificate of Deposit 
Programme. 
Type of Programme 
Certificates of Deposit Programme. 
A CDs 
Certificates of Deposit, STEP compliant.  
B CDs 
Certificates of Deposit, non-STEP compliant. 
Name of the Issuer 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE ("GSBE").  
Type of Issuer 
Monetary financial institution. 
Purpose of the Programme 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
net proceeds of the issue of the CDs will be used by the 
Issuer for general banking purposes. 
Programme Size (ceiling) 
Unlimited. 
Contact Details 
Email: gsbe-treasury@gs.com 
Telephone: +49 69 75 321 000 
Website: www.gs.de (whereby the information contained 
on such website shall not form part of this Base Prospectus, 
unless that information is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus).  
Additional 
information 
on 
the 
programme 
Extendible CDs: 
The initial Maturity Date of the CDs may be extended at 
the option of the Issuer if specified in the Final Terms. 
Issue Price:  
The issue price of each CD (the "Issue Price") will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled or 
extended, each CD will be redeemed at 100 per cent. of the 
Nominal Amount of such CD on the Maturity Date, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
The CDs may be redeemed before their Maturity Date or 
in case of Extendible CDs their Final Maturity Date, at the 
option of the Issuer, in whole or in part, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Issuer will also have the 
option to redeem the CDs in the event of a change in law

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
or it becomes unlawful for it to perform any of its 
obligations under the CDs. 
Final Terms: 
Each tranche of CDs will be issued on the terms set out in 
the Terms and Conditions of the A CDs or B CDs, as 
applicable, as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
Risk Factors: 
Investment in the CDs may involve a certain degree of risk. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the CDs, are set out in 
the section headed "Risk Factors" on pages 12 to 17 of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Auditor of the Issuer, who has 
audited the accounts of the Issuer's 
Annual Report 
Mazars GmbH & Co. KG 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Steuerberatungsgesellschaft 
Theodor-Stern-Kai 1 
60596 Frankfurt am Main 
 
Information on A CDs 
Characteristics and Form of A CDs 
A CDs will be in bearer form and each issue of A CDs will 
initially be represented by one or more global A CDs (each, 
a "Global A CD" and together, the "Global A CDs"). A 
Global A CD will be exchangeable into definitive A CDs 
only in the limited circumstances set out in that Global A 
CD. 
Application will be made to the STEP Secretariat in order 
to apply for the STEP label in respect of the A CDs. The A 
CDs have maturities of 364 days or less from (and 
including) the date of issue to (but excluding) the maturity 
date. The STEP market has been accepted as a non-
regulated market for collateral purposes in credit 
operations of Eurosystem from 2 April 2007 (see also 
"Eurosystem eligibility" above). 
Yield Basis 
A CDs may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. 
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate 
and will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. A CDs may be issued at a discount 
or premium as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Currencies of Issue of the A CDs 
A CDs may be denominated in euro, Sterling, US dollars 
or any other currency subject to compliance with any 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Maturity of the A CDs 
The tenor of the A CDs shall be 364 days or less from and 
including the date of issue to but excluding the Final 
Maturity Date, subject to compliance with any applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements. 
Minimum Issuance Amount  
At least EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other 
currency).

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Minimum Denomination of the A 
CDs 
The minimum denomination of each A CD will be EUR 
100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency) unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
integral multiples of amounts as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (subject in each case to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements).  
Status of the A CDs 
A 
CDs 
shall 
represent 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
shall at all times rank pari passu with all other present and 
future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations for funds 
borrowed or guaranteed by the Issuer (other than in the 
case of obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of 
law). In case of insolvency proceedings concerning the 
assets of the Issuer, among the unsubordinated claims 
against the Issuer at the time of opening of insolvency 
proceedings, the obligations under the A CDs have the 
higher rank pursuant to § 46f (5) German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz). 
Governing Law that applies to the A 
CDs 
A CDs, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with A CDs, will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, laws of the Federal Republic 
of Germany. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for A CDs to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the Euro MTF or the professional 
segment of the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.  
Application may also be made for the A CDs (i) to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market or the 
professional segment of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, (ii) to be listed and admitted 
to trading on the unofficial market (Freiverkehr) of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange; and (iii) to be listed on the 
official list of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the official list of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The Issuer may also issue A 
CDs that are unlisted.  
Settlement System  
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
("Euroclear") 
and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream") and/or or any 
other clearing system as may be specified in the Final 
Terms (the "Relevant Clearing Systems"). 
Rating(s) of the Programme 
None. 
Guarantor(s) 
None. 
Issuing and Paying Agent  
Deutsche Bank AG. 
Arranger  
Not Applicable.  
Dealers 
Not Applicable. 
Selling Restrictions 
Offers and sales of A CDs and the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and other information relating to the Issuer and 
the A CDs are subject to certain restrictions, details of

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
which are set out under "Subscription and Sale" on pages 
97 to 99 of this Base Prospectus.  
Taxation 
All payments under A CDs will be made free and clear of 
withholding for or on account of any taxes imposed by the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer (being, as of the 
date hereof, Federal Republic of Germany) or any 
jurisdiction through or from which payments by or on 
behalf of the Issuer are made, save as set out in § 9 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the A CD. 
Information on B CDs 
Characteristics and Form of B CDs 
B CDs will be in bearer form and each issue of B CDs will 
initially be represented by one or more global B CDs (each, 
a "Global B CD" and together, the "Global B CDs"). A 
Global B CD will be exchangeable into definitive B CDs 
only in the limited circumstances set out in that Global B 
CD. 
The STEP label will not apply to the B CDs. 
Yield Basis 
B CDs may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. 
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate 
B CDs may be issued at a discount or premium. 
In the case of the B CDs, the applicable Final Terms will 
state whether the B CDs will include an interest step-up 
provision or an interest step-down provision, in which case 
the rate of interest in respect of the B CDs may increase 
("Step-Up B CDs") or decrease ("Step-Down B CDs") as 
the term of the CDs progresses, on dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies of Issue of the B CDs 
B CDs may be denominated in euro, Sterling, US dollars 
or any other currency subject to compliance with any 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Maturity of the B CDs 
The tenor of the B CDs shall be more than 364 days from 
and including the date of issue to but excluding the Final 
Maturity Date, subject to compliance with any applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements. 
Minimum Issuance Amount  
At least EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other 
currency). 
Minimum Denomination of the B 
CDs 
The minimum denomination of each B CD will be EUR 
100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency) unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
integral multiples of amounts as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (subject in each case to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements). For any B 
CDs admitted to trading on the Euro MTF or regulated 
market on Luxembourg Stock Exchange or the Freiverkehr 
or the official list of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the 
minimum denomination of each CD will not be less than 
EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency). 
Status of the B CDs 
B 
CDs 
shall 
represent 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
shall at all times rank pari passu with all other present and 
future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations for funds

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
borrowed or guaranteed by the Issuer (other than in the 
case of obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of 
law). In case of insolvency proceedings concerning the 
assets of the Issuer, among the unsubordinated claims 
against the Issuer at the time of opening of insolvency 
proceedings, the obligations under the B CDs have the 
higher rank pursuant to § 46f (5) German Banking Act 
(Kreditwesengesetz). 
Governing Law that applies to the B 
CDs 
B CDs, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with B CDs, will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, laws of the Federal Republic 
of Germany. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for B CDs to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be 
admitted to trading on the Euro MTF or the professional 
segment of the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.  
Application may also be made for the B CDs (i) to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market or the 
professional segment of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, (ii) to be listed and admitted 
to trading on the unofficial market (Freiverkehr) of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange; and (iii) to be listed on the 
official list of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the official list of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange. The Issuer may also issue B 
CDs that are unlisted. 
Settlement System  
Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or or any other clearing 
system as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Rating(s) of the Programme 
None. 
Guarantor(s) 
None. 
Issuing and Paying Agent  
Deutsche Bank AG. 
Arranger  
Not Applicable.  
Dealers 
Not Applicable. 
Selling Restrictions 
Offers and sales of B CDs and the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and other information relating to the Issuer and 
the B CDs are subject to certain restrictions, details of 
which are set out under "Subscription and Sale" on pages 
97 to 99 of this Base Prospectus. 
Taxation 
All payments under B CDs will be made free and clear of 
withholding for or on account of any taxes imposed by the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer (being, as of the 
date hereof, Federal Republic of Germany) or any 
jurisdiction through or from which payments by or on 
behalf of the Issuer are made, save as set out in § 9 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the B CD.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
RISK FACTORS 
This Base Prospectus describes the material risks that are specific to the Issuer and the CDs and that 
may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the CDs. This Base Prospectus does not 
describe all of the risks of an investment in the CDs. The Issuer disclaims any responsibility to advise 
investors of such risks as they change from time to time. Further, the Issuer makes no representations as 
to (i) the suitability of any CDs for any particular investor, (ii) the appropriate accounting treatment or 
possible tax consequences of an investment in any CDs or (iii) the expected performance of any CDs, 
either in absolute terms or relative to competing investments. Prospective CD holders should obtain their 
own independent accounting, tax and legal advice and should consult their own professional investment 
adviser to ascertain the suitability of the CDs as an investment and should conduct such independent 
investigation and analysis regarding the risks and cash-flows associated with the CDs as they deem 
appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the CDs. In particular, prospective CD 
holders should note that an investment in the CDs is only suitable for persons who (i) have the knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the information 
contained in the Base Prospectus and Final Terms and the risks of the CDs in the context of their own 
financial, tax and regulatory circumstances and investment objectives; (ii) are able to bear the economic 
risk of an investment in the CDs for an indefinite period of time; and (iii) are acquiring the CDs for their 
own account for investment, not with a view to resale.  
A. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE CDS 
The risk factors relating to the Issuer contained on PDF pages 3 to 43 of the registration document of the 
Issuer dated 18 July 2024 approved by the German Federal Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht; the "BaFin") (the "GSBE Registration Document 2024") are hereby 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. The risks are presented in seven categories (section 
I to VII) which are disclosed below. The risk factors are presented in the subsections (subsections 1, 2 et 
seq.). The two most material risk factors in each category are mentioned at the beginning, i.e. in the first 
two subsections of the second level (see Sections 1, 2, 3 et seq.). The risk factors following the two most 
material risk factors are not mentioned in order of their materiality. 
The Issuer has based its assessment of materiality on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact. Holder should note the risks can be cumulative and apply 
simultaneously which may unpredictably affect the CDs.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
1. 
Liquidity Risks 
All risk factors under the category "I. Liquidity Risks" on pages 3 to 6 of the GSBE Registration 
Document 2024 shall be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
2. 
Market Risks 
All risk factors under the category "II. Market Risks" on pages 7 to 12 of the GSBE Registration 
Document 2024 shall be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
3. 
Credit Risks 
All risk factors under the category "III. Credit Risks" on pages 13 to 16 of the GSBE Registration 
Document 2024 shall be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
4. 
Operational Risks 
All risk factors under the category "IV. Operational Risks" on pages 17 to 25 of the GSBE Registration 
Document 2024 shall be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
5. 
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
All risk factors under the category "V. Legal and Regulatory Risks" on pages 26 to 34 of the GSBE 
Registration Document 2024 shall be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
6. 
Competition Risks 
All risk factors under the category "VI. Competition Risks" on pages 35 to 37 of the GSBE Registration 
Document 2024 shall be incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
7. 
Market Developments and General Business Environment Risks 
All risk factors under the category "VII. Market Developments and General Business Environment 
Risks" on pages 38 to 43 of the GSBE Registration Document 2024 shall be incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus. 
B. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSES OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS IN RELATION TO THE CDS 
The risks are presented in two categories (section 1 and 2). The risk factors are presented in the 
subsections. The two most material risk factors in each category are mentioned at the beginning, i.e. in 
the first two subsections of the second level. The risk factors following the two most material risk factors 
are not mentioned in order of their materiality. 
The Issuer has based its assessment of materiality on the probability of their occurrence and the expected 
magnitude of their negative impact. Holder should note the risks can be cumulative and apply 
simultaneously which may unpredictably affect the CD. 
1. 
Risks related to the value and liquidity of the CDs  
The CDs may not have an active trading market. 
Although application will be made for admission and to trading of the CDs to the Euro MTF of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and for admission to the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and may also be made to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange as well as 
for admission and to trading of the CDs to the Freiverkehr of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and may 
also be made for admission to the official list of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and to trading on the 
regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, a secondary market for any CDs issued by the Issuer 
is unlikely to develop. Even if a secondary market for a CD develops, it may not provide significant 
liquidity. The Issuer and/or its affiliates have no obligation to make a market with respect to the CDs and 
make no commitment to make a market in or repurchase the CDs. The Issuer expects that transaction 
costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result, the difference between bid and asked prices 
for the CD in any secondary market could be substantial. If the Issuer or its affiliates do make a market

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
for the CDs, they may cease to do so at any time without notice to investors and are not obligated to 
provide any quotation of bid or offer price(s) of the CDs which is favourable to investors. 
Price discrepancies in the secondary market. 
The value or quoted price of the CDs at any time will reflect many factors and cannot be predicted, and 
if a purchaser sells his or her CDs prior to its maturity, such purchaser may receive less than its Issue 
Price. Such factors, most of which are beyond the control of the Issuer, will influence the market price 
of the CDs, and will include national and international economic, financial, regulatory, political, terrorist, 
military and other events that affect securities generally, interest and yield rates in the market, the time 
remaining until the CDs mature, the creditworthiness of the Issuer, whether actual or perceived. 
Furthermore, if any purchaser sells their CDs, the purchaser will likely be charged a commission for 
secondary market transactions, or the price will likely reflect a dealer discount. 
Changes in interest rates are likely to affect the market price of any CDs issued by the Issuer. 
The Issuer expects that the market price of any CDs it may issue will be affected by changes in interest 
rates, although these changes may affect such CDs and a traditional debt security to different degrees. In 
general, if interest rates increase, the Issuer expects that the market value of a fixed income instrument 
which paid interest and an amount equal to the outstanding nominal amount of a CD an investor may 
purchase on the same schedule as that CD would decrease, whereas if interest rates decrease, the Issuer 
expects that the market value of such a fixed income instrument would increase. 
Changes in the Issuer's credit ratings may affect the market price of a CD. 
The Issuer's credit ratings are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those on any 
CDs it may issue. Consequently, actual or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings may affect 
the market price of a CD. However, because the return on a CD is typically dependent upon certain 
factors in addition to the Issuer's ability to pay its obligations on the CD, an improvement in the Issuer's 
credit ratings will not reduce the other investment risks related to any such CDs. 
Risks relating to the regulation and reform of certain published rates, indices and other values or 
"benchmarks". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "Benchmarks Regulation") are a key 
element of the ongoing regulatory reform in the EU. In addition to "critical benchmarks" such as 
EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign exchange rates and indices, including equity, commodity and 
"proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most cases be within scope of one or both of the Benchmarks 
Regulation as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, 
certain financial instruments (including CDs listed on an EU regulated market or EU multilateral trading 
facility), and in a number of other circumstances. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the administration 
of a benchmark and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, the Benchmarks Regulation 
requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered as such and to comply with 
extensive requirements relating to benchmark administration. It also prohibits certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of (a) benchmarks provided by EU administrators which are not authorised or 
registered in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation and, subject to transitional provisions, (b) 
benchmarks provided by non-EU administrators where (i) the non-EU administrator is not authorised or 
registered in a jurisdiction with a regulatory regime that has been determined to be "equivalent" to that 
of the EU in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation, (ii) the administrator has not been recognised 
in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation, and (iii) the benchmark has not been endorsed in 
accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation. 
The European Securities and Markets Authority maintains a public register of EU-approved benchmark 
administrators and approved non-EU benchmarks pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA 
Register"). Third-country administrators relying on the transitional provisions in the relevant 
Benchmarks Regulation are not included in the ESMA Register. The Benchmarks Regulation could have 
a material impact on CDs linked to a benchmark rate or index. For example:

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
• 
a benchmark could be prohibited from being used in the EU if  (a) its administrator is based in 
the EU and is not authorised or registered in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation, or (b) 
its administrator (subject to applicable transitional provisions) (i) is based in a non-EU 
jurisdiction which does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and (ii) is not "recognised" 
under the Benchmarks Regulation pending such a decision, and the benchmark has not been 
"endorsed" in accordance with the Benchmarks Regulation. In such case, depending on the 
particular benchmark and the applicable terms of the CDs, the CDs could be de-listed, adjusted, 
redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise impacted; and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could reduce or increase the rate or level 
or affect the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms 
of the CDs, including Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
Ongoing national and international regulatory reforms and the increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks generally could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a benchmark and complying with any applicable regulations or requirements. Such factors 
may discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to benchmarks, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in respect of benchmarks, and/or lead to the disappearance 
of benchmarks. This could result in (i) the substitution of replacement rates for such benchmark(s), (ii) 
adjustments to the terms of the relevant CDs, (iii) discretionary valuation of the rate by the Calculation 
Agent, (iv) delisting of the relevant CDs and/or (v) other consequences for CDs linked to any such 
benchmark(s). Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any CDs linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Specifically, regulatory authorities and central banks have identified 'risk free rates' to replace such 
IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (amongst others) (i) for GBP LIBOR, the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), (ii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
("SOFR"), (iii) for EURIBOR and EONIA, the Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR" or "EuroSTR"), (iv) for 
CHF LIBOR, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON") and (v) for JPY LIBOR, the Tokyo 
Overnight Average Rate ("TONA"). The reform and eventual replacement of IBORs with risk-free rates 
cause the relevant IBOR to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. These risk-free rates may have a different methodology and 
other important differences from the IBORs they have replaced or will replace. Any of these 
developments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on CDs linked to any such 
rates. 
2. 
Risks related to certain product terms or features  
Risks associated with CDs that reference overnight risk-free rates as the Reference Rate. 
The market continues to develop with respect to overnight risk-free rates (including SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or EuroSTR, SARON, TONA, the Hong Kong Dollar Overnight Index Average ("HONIA"), the 
Singapore Overnight Rate Average ("SORA") or the Reserve Bank of Australia's Interbank Overnight 
Cash Rate ("AONIA") ("Overnight Risk-Free Rates")) as reference rates in the capital markets and 
their adoption as an alternative to their respective IBOR counterparts. In particular, whilst CDs may be 
issued under the Programme that reference the Overnight Risk-Free Rates using a compounded in arrear 
or weighted average formula, it is possible that the market or a significant part thereof may adopt a 
different application of such rate. The key terms to calculate and determine the applicable reference rate 
in respect of the Overnight Risk-Free Rates, such as for example the compounding structure applied (if 
any), the use of term rates (if any), the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions or the 
applicable observation method, may evolve over time in the debt capital markets and trading prices of 
CDs that reference an Overnight Risk-Free Rate as the Reference Rate may be lower than those of later-
issued indexed debt securities as a result.  
Interest on CDs which reference an Overnight Risk-Free Rate as the Reference Rate is only capable of 
being determined at the end of an observation period and shortly prior to the relevant interest payment 
date. It may therefore be difficult (if not impossible) for investors in CDs which reference an Overnight 
Risk-Free Rate as the Reference Rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such CDs. Some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such CDs without changes to their 
information technology or other operational systems, which could adversely impact their liquidity.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Further, if the CDs become due and payable prior to their stated maturity, the rate of interest payable 
shall be determined on the date the CDs became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter.  
The manner of adoption or application of the Overnight Risk-Free Rates as reference rates in the debt 
capital markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of such Overnight 
Risk-Free Rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
CDs referencing an Overnight Risk-Free Rate. 
Further, the composition and characteristics of the Overnight Risk-Free Rates are not the same and are 
different from the composition and characteristics of their respective IBOR counterparts. For example, 
the Overnight Risk-Free Rates are backward-looking overnight rates measuring the rate paid by banks 
on overnight wholesale funds, compared to IBORs such as LIBOR which are forward-looking term rates 
measuring the cost of borrowing for a future period. Certain Overnight Risk-Free Rates, such as SONIA, 
€STR and TONA are unsecured overnight rates, whereas others, such as SOFR, are secured overnight 
rates. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Overnight Risk-Free Rates (or any term reference 
rate derived on any of them) will perform in the same way as their respective IBOR counterparts would 
have at any time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the 
market, market volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other 
events. 
Because the Overnight Risk-Free Rates are published based on data received from a variety of sources, 
the Issuer has no control over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices 
or availability at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee, particularly given the relatively 
recent introduction and publication of these rates and their adoption as replacements for their respective 
IBOR counterparts, that these rates will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in the CDs that reference an Overnight Risk-Free Rate as 
the Reference Rate. If the manner in which the Overnight Risk-Free Rates are calculated is changed, that 
change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the CDs and the trading prices of 
the CDs.  
In addition, the administrators of Overnight Risk-Free Rates (such as the Bank of England (in the case 
of SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (in the case of SOFR) or the European Central Bank 
(in the case of €STR), as the case may be) may withdraw, modify or amend published data relating to 
the relevant rate in its sole discretion and without notice. In respect of any floating rate CDs for which 
"Screen Rate Determination" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest 
rate under the CDs for any day will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to data that the 
Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (as the case may 
be) may publish after the interest rate for that day has been determined. Equally, although the Bank of 
England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the European Central Bank publish historical data 
(or historical indicative data) in respect of SONIA, SOFR and €STR respectively, investors should not 
rely on any historical changes or trends in SONIA, SOFR or €STR as an indicator of future changes in 
such rates.  
Furthermore, since the Overnight Risk-Free Rates are relatively new reference rates, CDs that reference 
an Overnight Risk-Free Rate as the Reference Rate may not have an established trading market and an 
established trading market may not develop or may not be very liquid. Similarly, if the Overnight Risk-
Free Rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the CDs, the trading price of the CDs that 
reference an Overnight Risk-Free Rate as the Reference Rate may be lower than those of CDs linked to 
reference rates that are more widely used. Investors in CDs that reference an Overnight Risk-Free Rate 
as the Reference Rate may not be able to sell such CDs at all or may not be able to sell such CDs at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Risks relating to CDs that reference EURIBOR as the Reference Rate. 
If, in respect of CDs that reference EURIBOR as the Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent determines 
that EURIBOR has been discontinued or has otherwise ceased to exist, the Calculation Agent shall select 
a substitute or successor rate of interest to replace it. The substitute rate selected shall be the rate that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be most comparable to the original reference rate, except that if the

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Calculation Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted substitute or successor rate of interest, it 
will select such rate of interest. The Calculation Agent may also apply such adjustments as it determines 
to be appropriate. The disappearance of a rate could have other potential consequences in relation to the 
CDs. 
Risks relating to floating rate CDs that reference the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative Definitions 
If, in respect of floating rate CDs in respect of which the Reference Rate is to be determined by reference 
to the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative Definitions, the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Temporary Non-Publication Trigger or a Permanent Cessation Trigger has occurred in relation to the 
relevant Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent shall apply the relevant provisions of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivative Definitions and Matrices (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative 
Definitions), as amended, in the relevant terms and conditions of the CD, in order to determine the 
appropriate fallback rate that may be used to calculate the relevant reference rate or to select a 
replacement or substitute reference rate. The temporary unavailability or permanent cessation of any such 
Reference Rate may result in a different reference rate being used to determine the determine the interest 
amount payable under such CDs. 
Extendible CDs may be redeemed after their initial Maturity Date and the interest rates may alter. 
The initial Maturity Date of extendible CDs may be extended automatically until an Extended Maturity 
Date as specified in the Final Terms. The payment of the unpaid amount may be automatically deferred 
and will be become due and payable on the applicable Extended Maturity Date if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In addition, the provisions relating to interest payable relating to the extendible 
CDs may differ from the initial CDs. 
Extendible CDs are subject to restrictions on transfer. 
If the Issuer exercises its Issuer Extension Option, the relevant Extendible A CDs or Extendible B CDs 
will be non-transferable in the period between the relevant Exercise Deadline and the relevant Extension 
Date.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Legal name 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE. 
Legal form/status 
The Issuer is a European public limited company incorporated in 
the Federal Republic of Germany.  
GSBE is directly supervised by the European Central Bank (ECB) 
and additionally the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority 
(BaFin) and the Deutsche Bundesbank in the context of the 
European Single Supervisory Mechanism. 
Date 
of 
incorporation/ 
establishment 
The company known as Goldman Sachs AG ("GSAG") until 15 
January 2019 has been established on 1 November 1990. On 15 
January 2019, GSAG merged with its wholly-owned subsidiary, 
Goldman Sachs Gestión S.A., on a retroactive basis as of 1 January 
2018. At the same time, the legal form was changed to a Societas 
Europaea (SE) and the legal and commercial name to Goldman 
Sachs Bank Europe SE. 
Registered office 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Registration number and place 
of registration  
The Issuer is registered under the number HRB 114190 in the 
commercial register of the local court in Frankfurt am Main and 
mainly operates under the laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany. The Issuer has the following legal entity identifier 
(LEI): 8IBZUGJ7JPLH368JE346. 
Issuer's mission 
The object of the Issuer is the transaction of banking business and 
the provision of financial services. The objects and purposes of the 
Issuer are provided for in Article 2 (Object of the company) of the 
articles of association of the Issuer and include, for the avoidance 
of doubt, the right to establish branches in Germany and abroad, 
to acquire or invest in other companies, to acquire or establish such 
companies and to conduct any other business which is suitable to 
promote the object of the company. 
Brief description of current 
activities 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE provides a wide range of 
financial services to a diversified client base that includes 
corporations, financial institutions, and ultrahigh- net-worth 
individuals, from its registered office in Frankfurt am Main and 
branches 
in 
Amsterdam, 
Athens, 
Copenhagen, 
Dublin, 
Luxembourg, Madrid, Milan, Paris, Stockholm and Warsaw. The 
major markets in which GSBE operates are Germany and Europe. 
The object of GSBE is the transaction of banking business and the 
provision of financial services. The objects and purposes of GSBE 
are provided for in Article 2 (Object of the company) of the 
Articles of Association of GSBE and include, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the right to establish branches in Germany and abroad, to 
acquire or invest in other companies, to acquire or establish such 
companies and to conduct any other business which is suitable to 
promote the object of the company. GSBE seeks to be the advisor 
of choice for its clients and a leading participant in financial 
markets. As part of GS Group, GSBE also enters into transactions 
with affiliates in the normal course of business as part of its 
market-making activities and general operations. GSBE generates 
revenues from the following business activities: Investment

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Banking, Fixed Income, Currency and Commodities (FICC), 
Equities (including the issuance of equity derivative securities), 
and Investment Management, which includes Asset Management 
and Wealth Management.  
 
There has been no material change in the borrowing and funding 
structure of GSBE since the last financial year (31 December 
2023). 
Capital 
or 
equivalent 
(31 December 2023) 
 
€ in millions 
Ordinary share capital 
329 
Capital reserve 
10,602 
Profit reserves 
 
Other profit reserves 
1,156 
Distributable profit 
599 
List of main shareholders 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Goldman Sachs Bank 
USA, a company incorporated and registered in New York. The 
ultimate parent company of the Issuer is The Goldman Sachs 
Group, Inc. ("Group, Inc."), a company incorporated in the 
United States of America. 
Listing of the shares of the 
Issuer 
Not applicable. 
Composition 
of 
governing 
bodies and supervisory bodies 
Board of Directors 
The administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the 
Issuer comprise its Executive Board and its Supervisory Board. 
Set forth below are the names and occupations as well as the 
Supervisory Board at the date of this Prospectus.  
 
 
Executive Board 
Name 
Occupation / 
Business 
Address 
Principal 
Outside 
Activities 
Dr. Wolfgang 
Fink 
(Chairman) 
Managing 
Director / 
Taunusanlage 
9-10,  
60329 
Frankfurt am 
Main,  
Germany 
• 
Member of the Board 
of the Association of 
German Banks 
• 
Member of the Board 
of 
Deutsches 
Aktieninstitut  
Peter Hermann 
Managing 
Director / 
Amaliegade 
27, 1256 
• 
No other principal 
outside activities

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Copenhagen, 
Denmark 
Robert 
Charnley 
Managing 
Director / 
85 Avenue 
Marceau, 
75116 Paris, 
France 
• 
Board 
Director 
of 
OOO Goldman Sachs 
Bank 
Lear Janiv 
Managing 
Director / 
85 Avenue 
Marceau, 
75116 Paris, 
France 
• 
Director of OTCDeriv 
Limited 
and 
OTCDerivNet 
Limited 
Jonathan Bury 
Managing 
Director / 
Taunusanlage 
9-10,  
60329 
Frankfurt am 
Main,  
Germany 
• 
Member 
of 
the 
Management 
Board 
of Goldman Sachs 
Poland 
Services 
Spółka z Ograniczoną 
Odpowiedzialnością  
Michael 
Holmes 
Managing 
Director / 
Taunusanlage 
9-10,  
60329 
Frankfurt am 
Main,  
Germany 
• 
Chair of the Board of 
Directors of OOO 
Goldman Sachs Bank 
• 
Non-executive 
Director 
Goldman 
Sachs 
International 
Service 
Entities 
Holdings Limited 
• 
Non-executive 
Director 
Goldman 
Sachs 
Realty 
Management Europe 
GmbH 
• 
Member of the Board 
of 
Verband 
der 
Auslandsbanken 
in 
Deutschland e.V. 
Michael 
Trokoudes 
Managing 
Director / 
Taunusanlage 
9-10,  
60329 
Frankfurt am 
Main,  
Germany 
• 
No other principal 
outside activities

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
Supervisory Board 
Name 
Occupation / 
Business 
Address 
Principal Outside Activities 
John F. W. 
Rogers 
(Chairman) 
Managing 
Director / 
 
200 West 
Street 
New 
York, 
NY 10282 
• 
Chairman of the Goldman 
Sachs Foundation 
• 
Member of the Board of 
Directors of The Goldman 
Charitable Gift Fund  
• 
Member of the Executive 
Board of Directors of the 
Securities Industry and 
Financial Markets 
Association 
• 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of The Atlantic 
Council 
• 
Chairman of the Board of 
Directors of The White 
House 
Historical 
Association 
Richard J. 
Gnodde 
(Deputy 
Chairman) 
Managing 
Director /  
 
Plumtree 
Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London 
EC4A 4AU 
• 
CEO & Board Director of 
Goldman 
Sachs 
International and Goldman 
Sachs International Bank 
Lisa 
Donnelly 
Managing 
Director / 
Plumtree 
Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London 
EC4A 4AU 
• 
Board Director of Goldman 
Sachs International 
• 
Board Director of Goldman 
Sachs International Bank 
Monique 
Rollins 
Managing 
Director / 
200 West 
Street  
New 
York, 
NY 10282 
• 
Board Manager of MCP 
Holding Company, LLC 
and MCP UK Holding 
Company LLC 
• 
Board Director of MCLP 
Asset Company, Inc. and 
Goldman Sachs (Cayman) 
Holding Company 
Manuela 
Better 
Managing 
Director / 
Taunusanlage 
9-10,  
• 
Managing Director of Dr. 
Ingrid 
Better 
Vermögensverwaltungs 
GmbH & Co. KG, Better 
GmbH 
and

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
60329 
Frankfurt am 
Main,  
Germany 
BetterScholzBau GmbH & 
Co. KG, Better Scholz 
GmbH 
• 
Managing 
Director 
of 
FineVest Fund AG 
Simon 
Morris 
Investment 
Fund 
Manager / 
Plumtree 
Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London 
EC4A 4AU 
• 
Sole 
Director 
and 
Beneficiary 
of 
Boltons 
Place Capital Management 
Limited and SPM Capital 
Management Limited 
• 
Non-executive Director of 
the Board of Chaarat Gold 
Holdings Ltd. 
Dr. 
Wolfgang 
Feuring 
Lawyer / 
Taunusanlage 
9-10, 60329 
Frankfurt am 
Main  
• 
No other principal outside 
activities 
Ulrich 
Pukropski 
Retired 
(Partner 
in 
Financial 
Services) / 
Taunusanlage 
9-10, 60329 
Frankfurt am 
Main  
• 
Independent member of the 
Risk Monitoring Committee 
for 
Deposit 
Insurance 
Scheme 
for 
„Landesbanken“ 
in 
Germany 
• 
Member of the Supervisory 
Board of the Deutsche 
Apotheker- und Ärztebank 
eG 
 
 
 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no material potential conflicts of interest between any 
duties owed to the Issuer by the members of the Executive Board 
or the Supervisory Board of the Issuer identified above and their 
private interests and/or other obligations. 
Accounting Method 
German GAAP (HGB) 
Accounting Year 
Starting on 1 January, ending on 31 December 
Fiscal Year 
Starting on 1 January, ending on 31 December 
Other short term programmes 
of the Issuer 
The Issuer has not set up any other commercial paper programmes or 
similar short term programmes. 
Rating of the Issuer 
Rating 
Agency 
Long 
Rating 
Term 
Debt 
Short 
Rating 
Term 
Debt 
S&P 
A+ 
 
 
A-1 
 
 
Fitch 
A+ 
 
 
F1 
 
 
Moody's 
A1 
 
 
P-1

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
Additional Information on the Issuer 
With respect to the additional information about Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE as Issuer of the CDs, 
reference is made, pursuant to Article 19 paragraph 1 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, to the GSBE 
Registration Document 2024 as supplemented by the first supplement to the GSBE Registration 
Document 2024 dated 4 September 2024 (the "First Supplement to the GSBE Registration Document 
2024"), which each have been approved by BaFin, as well as to the audited Annual Financial Statements 
and the Management Report of GSBE for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 (German 
Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch – HGB)) (the "GSBE Annual Report 2023") and the audited 
Annual Financial Statements and the Management Report of GSBE for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 (German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch – HGB)) (the "GSBE Annual Report 
2022") and the unaudited financial information of GSBE for the first half of the financial year 2024 
(German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch – HGB)) (the "GSBE Half-Yearly Financial 
Information 2024"), from which information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus 
(detailed information regarding the pages in the GSBE Registration Document 2024, the First 
Supplement to the GSBE Registration Document 2024, the GSBE Annual Report 2023, the GSBE 
Annual Report 2022 and the GSBE Half-Yearly Financial Information 2024, to which reference is made 
with respect to information about the Issuer, can be found in section "Information incorporated by 
reference", subsection "2. Information"). 
Statements in relation to prospects, financial performance or financial position 
In this Base Prospectus and in any documents from which information is incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus, where the Issuer makes statements that "there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects", "there has been no significant change in the financial performance" and "no significant 
change in the financial position" of the Issuer, references in these statements to the "prospects", "financial 
performance" and "financial position" of the Issuer are made solely in the context of the issuance of CDs 
under this Base Prospectus. Material information about the Issuer’s prospects, financial performance and 
financial position is included in the GSBE Annual Report 2023, the GSBE Annual Report 2022 and the 
GSBE Half-Yearly Financial Information 2024, which are incorporated by reference pursuant to Article 
19 of the EU Prospectus Regulation into this Base Prospectus (detailed information about the pages in 
the financial statements can be found in section "Information incorporated by reference").

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
CERTIFICATION OF INFORMATION  
Person responsible for the 
Base Prospectus 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE. 
 
Declaration of the person(s) 
responsible for Base 
Prospectus 
The Issuer certifies that, to the best of its knowledge, the information 
contained in the Base Prospectus and its supplements, if any, is in 
accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import, and does not contain any 
misrepresentation that would make it misleading. 
 
Date, Place of Signature, 
Signature 
30 October 2024, Frankfurt am Main 
 
________________________________ 
Name: Markus Brusch 
Title: Executive Director and Senior Legal Counsel 
 
 
________________________________ 
Name: Dr. Tobias Wohlfarth 
Title: Executive Director and Senior Legal Counsel

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S REQUEST FOR A STEP LABEL  
An application to obtain a STEP label for this Programme will be made to the STEP Secretariat in relation 
to the A CDs eligible under the STEP Market Convention. Information as to whether the STEP label has 
been granted for this Programme may be made available on the STEP market website 
(www.stepmarket.org). 
This website is not sponsored by the Issuer and the Issuer is not responsible for its content or availability. 
Unless otherwise specified in this Base Prospectus, the expressions "STEP", "STEP Market Convention", 
"STEP label", "STEP Secretariat", and "STEP market website" shall have the meaning assigned to them 
in the Market Convention on Short-Term European Paper dated 19 October 2023 and adopted by ACI 
FMA and the European Money Markets Institute (as amended from time to time).

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the information incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. The information set forth under 2. (Information) below contained in 
the documents set forth under 1. ("Documents") below which have been previously published and filed 
with the Competent Authority or the German Federal Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the "BaFin")) and which is hereby incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus and deemed to form a part of this Base Prospectus. 
1. 
Documents 
• 
GSBE Registration Document 2024 
• 
First Supplement to the GSBE Registration Document 2024 
• 
GSBE Half-Yearly Financial Information 2024 
• 
GSBE Annual Report 2023 
• 
GSBE Annual Report 2022 
 
2. 
Information 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for the information incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. Information contained in the Documents is incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. Insofar as reference is made to certain parts of the 
Documents only these parts shall form part of the Base Prospectus and all other information 
contained in the Documents is either not relevant for the investor or is covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus.  
In connection with the GSBE Registration Document 2024 and the First Supplement to the 
GSBE Registration Document 2024 also the information items pursuant to Annex 7 of the 
Delegated Regulation to which the information incorporated by reference refers to, are 
mentioned.  
Information incorporated by reference 
 
Page 
references in 
the relevant 
Document* 
Section and pages in 
this Base Prospectus 
GSBE Registration Document 2024 
 
 
Risk factors relating to GSBE (Annex 7,  Item 
3.1 Delegated Regulation) 
pages 3-43 
Risk Factors, page 13 
I. Liquidity Risks 
pages 3-6 
Risk Factors, page 13 
1. Loss of deposits could increase 
GSBE’s funding costs and adversely 
affect GSBE's liquidity and ability to 
grow GSBE's business. 
pages 3-4 
Risk Factors, page 13 
2. GSBE's businesses have been and 
may in the future be adversely 
affected by disruptions or lack of 
liquidity in the credit markets, 
including reduced access to credit and 
higher costs of obtaining credit. 
page 4 
Risk Factors, page 13 
3. GSBE's liquidity, profitability and 
businesses may be adversely affected 
by an inability of GSBE's immediate 
parent, Goldman Sachs Bank USA 
and ultimate parent, The Goldman 
pages 4-5 
Risk Factors, page 13

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
Sachs Group, Inc. to obtain funding or 
to sell assets. 
4. Reductions in the credit ratings or an 
increase in the credit spreads of 
GSBE or its immediate parent, GS 
Bank USA or the ultimate parent, 
Group Inc., may adversely affect 
GSBE's liquidity and cost of funding. 
pages 5-6 
Risk Factors, page 13 
II. Market Risks 
pages 7-12 
Risk Factors, page 13 
1. GSBE’s businesses have been and 
may in the future be adversely 
affected by conditions in the global 
financial markets and broader 
economic conditions. 
pages 7-8 
Risk Factors, page 13 
2. GSBE’s businesses have been and 
may in the future be adversely 
affected by declining asset values, 
particularly where GSBE has net 
"long" positions, or receives or posts 
collateral. 
pages 8-10 
Risk Factors, page 13 
3. GSBE’s market-making activities 
have been and may in the future be 
affected by changes in the levels of 
market volatility. 
page 10 
Risk Factors, page 13 
4. GSBE’s investment banking and 
investment management businesses 
have been adversely affected and may 
in the future be adversely affected by 
market uncertainty or lack of 
confidence among investors and 
CEOs due to declines in economic 
activity and other unfavorable 
economic, geopolitical or market 
conditions. 
page 10 
Risk Factors, page 13 
5. GSBE’s investment management 
businesses have been and may in the 
future be adversely affected by the 
poor investment performance of its 
investment products or a client 
preference for products other than 
those which GSBE offers or for 
products that generate lower fees. 
page 11 
Risk Factors, page 13 
6. Changes in market interest rates could 
adversely affect GSBE’s revenues and 
expenses, the value of assets and 
obligations, and the availability and 
cost of funding. 
pages 11-12 
Risk Factors, page 13 
7. Inflation has had, and could continue 
to have, a negative effect on GSBE’s 
business, results of operations and 
financial condition.  
Page 12 
Risk Factors, page 13

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
III. Credit Risks 
pages 13-16 
Risk Factors, page 13 
1. GSBE’s businesses, profitability and 
liquidity may be adversely affected by 
deterioration in the credit quality of or 
defaults by third parties. 
pages 13-14 
Risk Factors, page 13 
2. Concentration of risk increases the 
potential for significant losses in 
GSBE’s lending, market-making, 
underwriting and other activities. 
page 14 
Risk Factors, page 13 
3. Derivative transactions and delayed 
documentation or settlements may 
expose GSBE to credit risk, 
unexpected risks and potential losses. 
pages 15-16 
Risk Factors, page 13 
4. GSBE might underestimate the credit 
losses inherent in its loan portfolio 
and have credit losses in excess of the 
amount reserved. 
page 16 
Risk Factors, page 13 
IV. Operational Risks 
pages 17-25 
Risk Factors, page 13 
1. A failure in GSBE’s operational 
systems as well as human error, 
malfeasance or other misconduct, 
could impair its liquidity, disrupt its 
businesses, result in the disclosure of 
confidential information, damage its 
reputation and cause losses. 
pages 17-18 
Risk Factors, page 13 
2. A failure or disruption in the bank’s 
infrastructure, or in the operational 
systems or infrastructure of third 
parties or those of GS Group 
affiliates’, could impair the GSBE’s 
liquidity, disrupt its businesses, 
damage its reputation and cause 
losses. 
pages 18-20 
Risk Factors, page 13 
3. The development and use of artificial 
intelligence (“AI”) present risks and 
challenges that may adversely impact 
GSBE’s business.  
pages 20-21 
Risk Factors, page 13 
4. A failure to protect GSBE’s computer 
systems, networks and information, 
and its clients’ information, against 
cyber attacks and similar threats could 
impair its ability to conduct its 
businesses, result in the disclosure, 
theft or destruction of confidential 
information, damage its reputation 
and cause losses. 
pages 21-23 
Risk Factors, page 13 
5. GSBE may incur losses as a result of 
ineffective risk management 
processes and strategies. 
pages 23-24 
Risk Factors, page 13

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
6. GSBE is reliant on Group Inc. and 
other of its affiliates for certain client 
business, various services, liquidity 
and capital. 
pages 24-25 
Risk Factors, page 13 
V. Legal and Regulatory Risks 
pages 26-34 
Risk Factors, page 13 
1. GSBE’s businesses and those of its 
clients, are subject to extensive and 
pervasive regulation in various 
jurisdictions in which GSBE or its 
branches operate. 
pages 26-29 
Risk Factors, page 13 
2. As a significant credit institution 
within the Eurozone, GSBE operates 
under an extensive regulatory regime, 
including direct supervision by the 
ECB. 
pages 29-30 
Risk Factors, page 13 
3. GSBE is subject to resolution and 
recovery regulation and planning in 
Europe and Germany. 
pages 31-32 
Risk Factors, page 13 
4. A failure to appropriately identify and 
address potential conflicts of interest 
could adversely affect GSBE’s 
businesses. 
pages 32-33 
Risk Factors, page 13 
5. Substantial civil or criminal liability 
or significant regulatory action 
against GSBE could have material 
adverse financial effects, or cause 
significant reputational harm, which 
in turn could seriously harm its 
business prospects. 
pages 33-34 
Risk Factors, page 13 
6. In conducting its business in various 
jurisdictions, GSBE is subject to 
political, legal, regulatory and other 
risks that are inherent in operating in 
many countries. 
page 34 
Risk Factors, page 13 
7. The application of regulatory 
strategies and requirements to 
facilitate the orderly resolution of 
large financial institutions could 
create greater risk of loss for GSBE’s 
security holders. 
page 34 
Risk Factors, page 13 
VI. Competition Risks 
pages 35-37 
Risk Factors, page 13 
1. GSBE’s results have been and may in 
the future be adversely affected by the 
composition of its client base. 
page 35 
Risk Factors, page 13 
2. The financial services industry is 
highly competitive. 
pages 35-36 
Risk Factors, page 13

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
3. GSBE’s businesses would be 
adversely affected if it was unable to 
hire and retain qualified employees. 
pages 36-37 
Risk Factors, page 13 
VII. Market Developments and General 
Business Environment Risks 
pages 38-43 
Risk Factors, page 13 
1. GSBE’s businesses, financial 
condition, liquidity and results of 
operations have been and may in the 
future be adversely affected by 
unforeseen or catastrophic events, 
including pandemics, terrorist attacks, 
wars, extreme weather events or other 
natural disasters. 
page 38 
Risk Factors, page 13 
2. GSBE may be adversely affected by 
negative publicity. 
pages 38-39 
Risk Factors, page 13 
3. Climate change could disrupt GSBE’s 
businesses, adversely affect client 
activity levels, and the 
creditworthiness of its clients, 
counterparties and GSBE’s actual or 
perceived action or inaction relating 
to climate change could result in 
damage to its reputation. 
pages 39-40 
Risk Factors, page 13 
4. GSBE’s business, financial condition, 
liquidity and results of operations 
have been adversely affected by 
disruptions in the global economy 
caused by conflicts and related 
sanctions and other developments. 
pages 40-41 
Risk Factors, page 13 
5. Certain of GSBE’s businesses, its 
funding instruments and financial 
products may be adversely affected by 
changes in reference rates, currencies, 
indices, baskets or exchange-traded 
funds to which products it offers or 
funding it raises are linked. 
pages 41-42 
Risk Factors, page 13 
6. GSBE’s business, financial condition, 
liquidity and results of operations may 
be adversely affected by disruptions 
in the global economy caused by 
escalating tensions between the U.S. 
and China. 
page 42 
Risk Factors, page 13 
7. GSBE faces enhanced risks as new 
business initiatives and acquisitions 
lead it to engage in new activities, 
operate in new locations, transact with 
a broader array of clients and 
counterparties and expose it to new 
asset classes markets including the 
risk of retaining qualified employees. 
pages 42-43 
Risk Factors, page 13

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Information about Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE 
 
 
I. Statutory Auditors (Annex 7, Items 2.1 and 
2.2 Delegated Regulation) 
page 46 
Additional Information 
about the Issuer, page 22  
II. General information (Annex 7, Item 4.1.5 
Delegated Regulation) 
page 46 
Additional Information 
about the Issuer, page 22 
IV. Organizational structure (Annex 7, Items 
6.1, 6.2 and 10.1 Delegated Regulation) 
pages 47-48 
Additional Information 
about the Issuer, page 22 
V. Trend information (Annex 7, Item 7.1 
Delegated Regulation) 
page 48  
Additional Information 
about the Issuer, page 22 
VIII. Additional information (Annex 7, Item 
4.1.6 Delegated Regulation) 
pages 52-53 
Additional Information 
about the Issuer, page 22 
IX. Documents available (Annex 7, Item 13.1 
Delegated Regulation) 
page 53 
Additional Information 
about the Issuer, page 22 
First Supplement to the GSBE Registration 
Document 2024 
 
 
Information contained in the First Supplement 
to the GSBE Registration Document 2024 
(Annex 7, Items 7.1, 11.2.1, 11.3.1, 11.4.1 and 
13.1 Delegated Regulation) 
pages 2-6 
Additional Information 
about the Issuer, page 22 
GSBE Half-Yearly Financial Information 
2024 
 
 
Management Report 
pages 3-13 
(except for 
section 
Forecast and 
Opportunities 
Report on 
page 10) 
Additional Information 
about the Issuer, page 22 
Balance Sheet 
page 14 
Income Statement 
page 15 
Statement of Cash Flows 
page 16 
Supplementary Notes  
pages 17-18 
GSBE Annual Report 2023 
 
 
Country-by-country reporting 
page 43 
Additional Information 
about the Issuer, page 22 
Management Report for the Financial Year 
2023 
pages 3-31  
(except for 
section 
Forecast and 
Opportunities 
Report on 
page 11) 
Additional Information 
about the Issuer, page 22

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Balance Sheet 
page 32 
Income Statement for the Financial Year 2023 
page 33 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
pages 35-44 
Independent auditors' report 
pages 45-51 
GSBE Annual Report 2022 
 
 
Branches of the bank 
42 
Additional Information 
about the Issuer, page 22 
Management Report for the Financial Year 
2022 
pages 3-29  
(except for 
section 
Forecast and 
Opportunities 
Report on 
page 10) 
Additional Information 
about the Issuer, page 22 
Balance Sheet 
page 30 
Income Statement for the Financial Year 2022 
page 31 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
pages 33-42 
Independent auditors' report 
pages 43-50 
* The page numbers referenced above relate to the order in which the pages appear in the PDF version of such 
Document. 
 
The GSBE Registration Document 
2024 has been published on the website 
https://www.gs.de/en/services/documents/registration/gsbe/2024 and can be downloaded on 
this page.  
The First Supplement to the GSBE Registration Document 2024 has been published on the 
website https://www.gs.de/en/services/documents/registration/gsbe/2024/firstsupplement and 
can be downloaded on this page.   
The GSBE Half-Yearly Financial Information 2024 has been published on the website  
https://www.goldmansachs.com/investor-relations/financials/subsidiary-financial-
info/gsbe/2024/Unaudited-Half-yearly-Financial-Information-30-June-2023.pdf.   
The 
GSBE 
Annual 
Report 
2023 
has 
been 
published 
on 
the 
website 
https://www.goldmansachs.com/investor-relations/financials/subsidiary-financial-
info/gsbe/2023/german-gaap-annual-report-en.pdf. 
The 
GSBE 
Annual 
Report 
2022 
has 
been 
published 
on 
the 
website 
https://www.goldmansachs.com/investor-relations/financials/subsidiary-financial-
info/gsbe/2022/gsbe-12-31-22-financial-statements-english.pdf.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE A CDS 
Each A CD issued under the Programme will be subject to the following terms and conditions that, 
subject to completion and amendment and as supplemented or varied in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms, shall be applicable to bearer A CDs in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for a 
Global A CD representing the relevant issue of A CDs. The applicable Final Terms will be attached to 
each Global A CD and each bearer A CD in definitive form. The following terms and conditions of A 
CDs must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus and the relevant Global A CD and the Final 
Terms attached thereto:  
§ 1  
Currency, Denomination, Form, Definitions  
(1) 
Currency, Denomination.  
This series of notes (the "A CDs") of Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (the "Issuer") is issued 
in the currency specified in the Final Terms in the aggregate principal amount and the 
denomination (the "Nominal Amount") specified in the Final Terms, with a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency) unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and integral multiples thereof as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (subject in each case to compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements). 
(2) 
Minimum Issuance Amount.  
The minimum aggregate principal amount will be EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other 
currency). 
(3) 
Form.  
The A CDs are being issued in bearer form. 
(4) 
A CD Global.  
The A CDs will initially be represented by one or more global A CDs without coupons (each, a 
"Global A CD" and together, the "Global A CDs"). The Global A CDs shall each be signed by 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Paying 
Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(5) 
Relevant Clearing System.  
The Global A CD will be deposited with a common depositary or, as the case may be, a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear, Clearstream or any other STEP recognised Relevant Clearing System.  
(6) 
Definitions.  
"Common Safekeeper" means, in respect of any Global A CD which is in new global form, the 
common safekeeper which is appointed by the Relevant Clearing Systems in respect thereof, if 
such Global A CD is in new global form and intended to be held in a manner that would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility, the common safekeeper which is appointed for the Issuer and eligible to 
hold such Global A CD for the purpose of the requirements relating to collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary and intra-day credit operations. If the common safekeeper as at the relevant issue date 
ceases to be so eligible after the relevant issue date, the relevant A CDs will no longer qualify 
for Eurosystem eligibility unless a new common safekeeper is appointed who is so eligible. 
"Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or fight 
in the A CDs.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream") and/or or any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
§ 2  
Status, Title and Transfer 
(1) 
Status of the A CDs.  
The A CDs shall represent direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations for funds borrowed or guaranteed by the Issuer (other than in the case 
of obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of law). In case of insolvency proceedings 
concerning the assets of the Issuer, among the unsubordinated claims against the Issuer at the 
time of opening of insolvency proceedings, the obligations under the A CDs have the higher 
rank pursuant to § 46f (5) German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz). 
(2) 
Title and Transfer.  
Definitive securities and interest coupons will not be issued and the right of the Holders to 
request the issue and delivery of definitive securities shall be excluded. The Holders shall 
receive co-ownership participations or rights in the Global A CDs which are transferable in 
accordance with applicable law and the rules and regulations of the Relevant Clearing System. 
§ 3 
Interest 
(1) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates.  
The applicable Final Terms will specify if the A CDs may accrue interest on a fixed rate basis, 
a floating rate basis or be non-interest bearing A CDs. 
The "Interest Rate" payable from time to time in respect of A CDs issued on a fixed rate basis 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The "Interest Rate" payable from time to time in respect of A CDs issued on a floating rate 
basis will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the provisions 
below. 
"Interest Payment Date" shall be each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(2) 
Interest Commencement Date.  
The "Interest Commencement Date" is the Issue Date or as otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms. 
(3) 
Interest Period.  
The "Interest Period" shall be each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date for the A CDs to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date for the A CDs, and each 
successive period from and including the first day following the end of the preceding Interest 
Period to but excluding the following Interest Payment Date until the principal of the A CDs is 
paid or made available for payment. An Interest Period may be adjusted or unadjusted in 
accordance with the provision in § 4(4). 
(4) 
Interest Amount Payable.  
Interest due on the Interest Payment Date will be an amount equal to the product of (a) the 
aggregate nominal amount of A CDs outstanding on the first day of the Interest Period, (b) the 
Day Count Fraction, and (c) the Interest Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Interest

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
due will be rounded up or down as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in such units as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(5) 
Reference Rates  
Reference Rates for A CDs with a floating rate and Screen Rate Determination  
If the applicable Final Terms specify Screen Rate Determination as applicable for the A CDs 
issued on a floating rate basis, the "Reference Rate" shall be either: 
a) 
the Euro zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"); 
b) 
SOFR (as defined below); 
c) 
SONIA (as defined below);  
d) 
€STR (as defined below), or 
e) 
any other reference rate as may be selected by the Issuer, in each case, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
and as specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Reference Rate (a) (in the case of A CDs 
where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as EURIBOR) which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the day that is two 
TARGET Banking Days preceding the Interest Reset Date; or (b) (in the case of A CDs where 
the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR, SONIA or €STR), as 
determined in accordance with the following provisions, in each case, plus or minus the spread 
(if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
EURIBOR 
If, in the case of A CDs where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
EURIBOR, such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Interest Rate will be the 
rate as determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the rates at which deposits in euro 
are offered by the Reference Banks at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the day that 
is two TARGET Banking Days preceding the Interest Reset Date to prime banks in, the Euro-
zone inter-bank market for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, commencing on the Interest Reset Date and in a Representative Amount. The Calculation 
Agent will request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the Interest Rate for that Interest 
Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are 
provided as requested, the Interest Rate for that Interest Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean 
of the rates quoted by major banks in New York City, selected by the Calculation Agent, at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Interest Reset Date for loans in euro to 
leading European banks for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, commencing on the Interest Reset Date and in a Representative Amount. 
SOFR, SONIA or €STR 
In respect of A CDs where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Reference Rate is SOFR, 
SONIA or €STR, the Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent and as specified in the applicable Final Terms as follows plus or minus the 
spread (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)", the Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
As used in this provision:

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with SOFR, SONIA 
or €STR as the Reference Rate for the calculation of interest as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, as at 
the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, (in the case of SONIA) to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards and (in the case of SOFR or 
€STR) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖− 𝑝𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
"Business Day" or "BD" means (i) where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a US Government Securities Business Day; 
(ii) where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, a London Banking Day; and (iii) where "€STR" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a TARGET Banking Day; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" means (where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Observation Method) the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period or (where "Shift" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Observation Method) the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"do" means (where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Observation Method) the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period, or (where "Shift" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Observation Method) the number of Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"ECB's Website" means the website of the European Central Bank currently at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank (any information on the ECB's website does not form part 
of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent 
authority unless incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus); 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate as provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the ECB's Website, 
in each case on or before 9:00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the 
relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day (where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where 
"Shift" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method) in 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" means, for any Business Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following Business 
Day;

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
"New York Fed's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website 
officially designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (any information 
on the New York Fed's website or any successor website does not form part of 
the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent 
authority unless incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on, and include, 
the Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the applicable Global 
A CD becomes due and payable);  
"p" means, for any Interest Period (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms): 
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, five Business Days); or 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, zero;  
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the date falling "p" Business Days 
prior to each Interest Reset Date; 
"r" means:  
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of any Business Day, the Reference 
Rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of any Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the Reference Rate for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such day; and in respect of any Business Day "i" falling on or 
after the "Lock-out Date" specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
where no "Lock-out Date" is specified, five Business Days prior to each 
Interest Reset Date), the Reference Rate in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Business Day in the relevant Interest Period 
(such last Business Day coinciding with the relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date); 
"ri-pBD" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the applicable Reference Rate 
as set out in the definition of "r" above for, where "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the Business Day (being a 
Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business 
Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, where "Lock-out" or "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York ("New York Fed"), as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in each case on or 
about 5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day;

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; and 
"US Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Weighted Average", the Reference Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the Weighted Average Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
As used in this provision: 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means, with respect to any Interest Period, 
the arithmetic mean of SOFR, SONIA or €STR in effect during such Interest 
Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, (in the case of 
SONIA) to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards and 
(in the case of SOFR or €STR) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards:  
[∑(𝑟𝑖− 𝑝𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖 
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
"Business Day", "BD", "D", "d", "do", "i", "n" and "p" have the meanings given 
to them in the provision relating to "Compounded Daily Reference Rate" 
specified above; 
"ri–pBD" means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(1) 
(where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms) in respect of any Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the relevant Reference Rate for the Business Day falling 
"p" Business Days prior to such day "i"; 
(2) 
(where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Reference Rate determined in accordance with 
paragraph a) above, except that in respect of each Business Day "i" falling 
on or after the "Lock-out Date" specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
where no "Lock-out Date" is specified, five Business Days prior to each 
Interest Reset Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, the 
relevant Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph a) 
above in respect of such "Lock-out Date"; and 
(3) 
(where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms) in respect of any Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the relevant Reference Rate in respect of such day "i"; 
and

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means (unless otherwise defined in the 
applicable Final Terms) the date falling five Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date.  
(C) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)", if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Rate is not available, such 
Reference Rate shall be SOFR for the first preceding Business Day on which 
SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen Page and "r" shall be interpreted 
accordingly. 
(D) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)", if, in respect of any Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period, the Calculation Agent 
determines SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such Reference 
Rate shall be: 
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5:00 
p.m. (London time) on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which 
SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, SONIA published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which SONIA was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors), 
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(E) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)", if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Rate is not available, such 
Reference Rate shall be €STR for the first preceding Business Day on which 
€STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page and "r" shall be interpreted 
accordingly.  
(F) 
In the event that the Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Reference Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the last 
preceding Reference Rate Determination Date to which the foregoing provisions 
shall have applied or (ii) if there is no such preceding Reference Rate 
Determination Date, the initial Reference Rate which would have been applicable 
to the relevant A CDs for the first Interest Period had the relevant A CDs been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Issue Date. 
(G) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily (Index Determination)", the Reference Rate for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
As used in this provision:

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with SOFR or SONIA 
as the Reference Rate for the calculation of interest as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, as at the relevant 
Reference Rate Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, (in the case of SONIA) to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards and (in the case of SOFR) to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝑖𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑎𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1)  𝑥 𝐷
𝑑 
where:  
"Business Day" or "BD" means (i) where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a US Government Securities Business Day; 
and (ii) where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, a London Banking Day; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" means the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which Reference Rate Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) 
the day in relation to which Reference Rate Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"p" means, for any Interest Period (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) five Business Days; 
"Reference Rate Compounded Index" means: 
(1) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate and the Calculation 
Method is specified as "Compounded Daily (Index Determination) in the 
applicable Final Terms, the screen rate or index for compounded daily 
SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference 
rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other 
information service from time to time on the relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(2) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate and the Calculation 
Method is specified as "Compounded Daily (Index Determination)" in the 
applicable Final Terms, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR index value as published by the administrator of 
the SOFR reference rate as such index appears on the New York Fed's 
Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such US Government 
Securities Business Day; 
"Reference Rate Compounded IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the Reference Rate Compounded Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period;  
"Reference Rate Compounded IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the Reference Rate Compounded Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Business Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period);

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the date falling "p" Business Days 
prior to each Interest Reset Date; 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five); and 
"US Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or other information service by i) in respect of the SONIA 
reference rate, 5.00 p.m. (London time); or ii) in respect of the SOFR reference rate, 3.00 p.m. 
(New York time) (or, in each case, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or 
scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the administrator of the Reference Rate or of such other information service, as 
the case may be) on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date, the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which the Reference Rate Compounded 
Index is not available shall be "Compounded Daily Reference Rate" determined as set out under 
the section entitled "Compounded Daily Reference Rate (Non-Index Determination)" above and 
as if "Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)" were specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the Calculation Method, and for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be 
deemed to be "Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Look-Back Period" shall be deemed to be equal 
to the Relevant Number of Business Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Reference Rate Determination Date 
If the Global A CD becomes due and payable prior to their Maturity Date, the final Reference 
Rate Determination Date shall be deemed to be the date on which the relevant Global A CD 
became due and payable and the Reference Rate on such Global A CD shall, for so long as such 
Global A CD remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this provision, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"TARGET Banking Day" means any day on which T2 (the Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system) (or any successor transfer system, as 
determined by the Agent) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro.  
"Interest Reset Date" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the first day of that Interest 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London, 
England.  
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, including any successor 
or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable in respect of each 
Interest Period be published as soon as practicable after the determination of the Interest Rate. 
Such notice will be delivered to the clearing systems. 
Reference Rates for A CDs with a floating rate and ISDA Determination  
If the applicable Final Terms specify ISDA Determination and Overnight Rates as applicable 
and the Reference Rate is either: 
Overnight Rates 
If the Reference Rate is either: 
a) 
GBP-SONIA; 
b) 
USD-SOFR; 
c) 
EUR-EuroSTR; 
d) 
CHF-SARON; 
e) 
HKD-HONIA; 
f) 
JPY-TONA;  
g) 
SGD-SORA;  
h) 
AUD-AONIA;  
i) 
USD-Federal Funds; or 
j) 
any other overnight reference rate selected by the Issuer that is designated an Overnight 
Rate in the Floating Rate Matrix,  
the Interest Rate from time to time will be determined in accordance with the provisions below. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
as the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined in accordance 
with the following provisions plus or minus the spread (if any) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
Where GBP-SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SONIA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for GBP-SONIA in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(B) 
Where USD-SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SOFR, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for USD-SOFR in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(C) 
Where CHF-SARON is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SARON, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for CHF-SARON in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(D) 
Where EUR-EuroSTR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is EuroSTR, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for EUR-EuroSTR in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(E) 
Where HKD-HONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is HONIA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for HKD-HONIA in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(F) 
Where JPY-TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is TONA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for JPY-TONA in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix;  
(G) 
Where SGD-SORA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SORA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for SGD-SORA in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix;  
(H) 
Where AUD-AONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is AONIA and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for AUD-AONIA in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix;  
(I) 
Where USD-Federal Funds is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the 
specified Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, as applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is the EFFR, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for USD-Federal Funds 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; and 
(J) 
Where any other overnight reference rate is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in 
the specified Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, as applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is the relevant overnight 
reference rate specified in the Floating Rate Matrix, and the resulting percentage 
is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the 
nearest percentage point specified for such overnight reference rate in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix. 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable in respect of each 
Interest Period be published as soon as practicable after the determination of the Interest Rate. 
Such notice shall be delivered to the Relevant Clearing Systems. 
In this provision: 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative 
Definitions, including each Matrix (and any successor matrix), as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor) on its website (www.isda.org) as at 
the Issue Date provided that (i) references to a "Confirmation" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
should instead be read as references to the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) references to a 
"Calculation Period" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to an 
"Interest Period" and "Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be 
disapplied; and 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the number of Applicable Business Days, 
Observation Period Shift Business Days or Lockout Period Business Days, as applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Interest Reset Date. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this provision shall bear the meaning given 
to them in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
Term Rates 
If the Reference Rate is either: 
If the applicable Final Terms specify ISDA Determination and Term Rates as being applicable 
and the Reference Rate is either: 
a) 
EUR-EURIBOR; 
b) 
AUD-BBSW; 
c) 
HKD-HIBOR; 
d) 
JPY-TIBOR;  
e) 
SGD-SIBOR; or 
f) 
any other term reference rate selected by the Issuer that is designated a Term Rate in the 
Floating Rate Matrix, 
the Interest Rate from time to time will be determined in accordance with the provisions below. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
as the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined in accordance 
with the following provisions plus or minus the spread (if any) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
Where EUR-EURIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the 2021 Definitions as if (i) the Reset Date was the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the Designated Maturity was the number of 
months equal to the Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
(B) 
Where AUD-BBSW shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the 2021 Definitions as if (i) the Reset Date was the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and (ii) the Designated Maturity was the number of months equal 
to the Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
Where HKD-HIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset Date was the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and (ii) the Designated Maturity was the number of 
months equal to the Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(D) 
Where JPY-TIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset Date was the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and (ii) the Designated Maturity was the number of 
months equal to the Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(E) 
Where SGD-SIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset Date was the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and (ii) the Designated Maturity was the number of 
months equal to the Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(F) 
Where any other term reference rate is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset Date was the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the Designated Maturity was the 
number of months equal to the Interest Period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, 
provided that where a Temporary Non-Publication Trigger occurs in respect of the 
relevant above-mentioned Reference Rate, the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback for 
such rate as applicable under the Floating Rate Matrix shall be amended such that the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable in respect of each 
Interest Period be published as soon as practicable after the determination of the Interest Rate. 
Such notice shall be delivered to the Relevant Clearing Systems. 
In this provision, "2021 ISDA Definitions" means the version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivative Definitions, including each Matrix (and any successor matrix), as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor) on its website 
(www.isda.org) as at the Issue Date provided that (i) references to a "Confirmation" in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) 
references to a "Calculation Period" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as 
references to an "Interest Period" and "Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be disapplied. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this provision shall bear the meaning given 
to them in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
OIS Compounding Rates 
a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify ISDA Determination and OIS Compounding Rates 
as being applicable and the Reference Rate is either:AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound; 
b) 
CHF-SARON-OIS Compound; 
c) 
EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound; 
d) 
GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound; 
e) 
HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound;

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
f) 
JPY-TONA-OIS Compound; 
g) 
SGD-SORA-OIS Compound; 
h) 
USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound;  
i) 
USD-SOFR-OIS Compound; or 
j) 
any other OIS compounding reference rate selected by the Issuer and designated an OIS 
Compounding rate in the Floating Rate Matrix, 
the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate from time to time will be calculated in accordance 
with the provisions below. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
as the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined in accordance 
with the following provisions plus or minus the spread (if any) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
Where AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is AONIA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for AUD-AONIA-OIS 
Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(B) 
Where CHF-SARON-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is SARON, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for CHF-SARON-OIS 
Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(C) 
Where EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is EuroSTR, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for EUR-EuroSTR-OIS 
Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(D) 
Where GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is SONIA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for GBP-SONIA-OIS 
Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(E) 
Where HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is HONIA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for HKD-HONIA-OIS 
Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(F) 
Where JPY-TONA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is TONA, and the resulting percentage 
is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the 
nearest percentage point specified for JPY-TONA-OIS Compound in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(G) 
Where SGD-SORA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is SORA, and the resulting percentage 
is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the 
nearest percentage point specified for SGD-SORA-OIS Compound in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(H) 
Where USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is the EFFR, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for USD-Federal Funds-
OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(I) 
Where USD-SOFR-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is SOFR, and the resulting percentage 
is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the 
nearest percentage point specified for USD-SOFR-OIS Compound in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; and 
(J) 
Where any other OIS compounding rate is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is the relevant overnight OIS 
compounding rate specified in the Floating Rate Matrix, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for such OIS 
compounding rate in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix. 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable in respect of each 
Interest Period be published as soon as practicable after the determination of the Interest Rate. 
Such notice shall be delivered to the Relevant Clearing Systems. 
In this provision: 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative 
Definitions, including each Matrix (and any successor matrix), as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor) on its website (www.isda.org) as at 
the Issue Date provided that (i) references to a "Confirmation" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
should instead be read as references to the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) references to a 
"Calculation Period" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to the 
Calculation Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and "Administrator/Benchmark 
Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be disapplied; and 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the number of Applicable Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Interest Reset Date. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this provision shall bear the meaning given 
to them in the 2021 ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
(6) 
Substitute or Successor Rate of Interest other than where the Reference Rate is USD 
LIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR.  
If, in respect of A CDs where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
EURIBOR, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate has been discontinued or 
has otherwise ceased to exist, the Calculation Agent shall, in its reasonable discretion (billiges 
Ermessen), select a substitute or successor rate of interest that the Calculation Agent determines 
is most comparable to the Reference Rate to replace the Reference Rate (provided that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted substitute or successor rate of 
interest, then the Calculation Agent shall select such substitute or successor rate of interest), and 
shall replace the Reference Rate by such substitute or successor rate of interest with effect from 
such date as determined by the Calculation Agent, and such substitute or successor rate of 
interest will be deemed to be the Reference Rate with effect from such date. The Calculation 
Agent may make such adjustments that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any one or 
more of the terms of the A CDs, including without limitation, any variable or term relevant to 
the settlement or payment under the A CDs, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for such replacement and make such substitute or successor rate of interest comparable 
to the Reference Rate, in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
substitute or successor rate of interest. 
§ 4 
Payments 
(1) 
Business Day 
A day (i) which is a Clearing System Business Day for the Relevant Clearing System, and (ii) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Frankfurt am Main and the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency or in relation 
to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Banking Day (as defined in § 3(5)); where 
"Principal Financial Centre" means the financial centre or centres indicated below with 
respect to such currency: 
Specified Currency 
Principal Financial Centre(s) 
Australian Dollar 
Sydney  
Hong Kong Dollar 
Hong Kong 
Singapore Dollar 
Singapore 
Sterling 
London 
Swiss Franc 
Zurich 
U.S. Dollar 
New York 
Yen 
Tokyo 
 
"Clearing System Business Day" means, in respect of a Relevant Clearing System, any day on 
which such Relevant Clearing System is open for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
(2) 
Day Count Fraction 
In respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period the relevant "Day 
Count Fraction" shall be: 
a) 
if "1/1 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1; 
b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Interest Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
c) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period, including 29 February in a leap year, divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Interest Period and (2) the number of Interest Periods 
in any year; 
d) 
if "Actual/Actual (Bond)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Interest Period, divided by the number of calendar days in the 
Interest Period multiplied by the number of Interest Periods in the calendar year; 
e) 
if "Actual/Actual (Euro)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Interest Period divided by 365, or if the Interest Period includes 29 
February, 366; 
f) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
g) 
if "Actual/360 (ISMA)" or "Actual/360 (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
h) 
if "30/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + [D2 − D1]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(3) 
Business Day Convention 
If any Interest Payment Date is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a 
Business Day Convention that would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms is: 
a) 
(in the case of A CDs issued on a floating rate basis only) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, the Interest Payment Date will be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date will be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(y) each subsequent such date will be the last Business Day of the month in which such 
date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment;  
b) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date will be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day;  
c) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date will be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
d) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date will be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(4) 
No adjustments of interest in case of payments due on a non-Business Day 
If the Final Terms provide that the Interest Period shall be "adjusted" and if the due date for a 
payment of interest is brought forward or postponed (as described above), the amount of interest 
shall be adjusted accordingly. 
If the Final Terms provide that the Interest Period shall be "unadjusted" and if the due date for 
a payment of interest is brought forward or postponed (as described above), the amount of 
interest shall not be adjusted accordingly. 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal amount of the A CD is adjusted the Holder 
shall not be entitled to payments in respect of such adjustment 
§ 5 
Scheduled Redemption 
(1) 
Tenor of the CDs.  
The tenor of the A CDs shall be 364 days or less from and including the date of issue, subject 
to compliance with any applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
(2) 
Scheduled Redemption.  
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled or extended, each A CD will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount on the maturity date set out in 
the Final Terms (the "Maturity Date").  
§ 6 
Extendible A CDs 
(1) 
Extendible A CDs.  
a) 
The Final Terms may provide that on the initial Maturity Date and such other date or 
dates specified (each, an "Extension Date"), the Issuer has the option to extend the initial 
Maturity Date of the A CDs (the "Issuer Extension Option") to such date or dates as 
shall be provided in the applicable Final Terms (each, an "Extended Maturity Date" 
and the last Extended Maturity Date the "Final Maturity Date") (such A CDs, 
"Extendible A CDs"). Any Final Maturity Date shall in no event exceed a maximum 
maturity of 364 days from and including the date of issue. 
b) 
If the Final Terms provide that the relevant series of the A CDs are Extendible A CDs, 
each time the Issuer elects to exercise the Issuer Extension Option, the Issuer is required 
to deliver a notice of extension (an "Extension Notice") to the Relevant Clearing System 
by no later than 5.00 p.m. (Frankfurt time) on the date specified in the Final Terms (each, 
an "Extension Notice Date"), for communication by the Relevant Clearing System to 
the Holders of the Extendible A CDs, informing Holders that the Issuer will be exercising 
the Issuer Extension Option. 
Each Extension Notice shall contain the following information: 
(A) 
confirmation that the Issuer will be exercising the Issuer Extension Option; 
(B) 
the applicable Extended Maturity Date; 
(C) 
the applicable Exercise Deadline (as defined below); 
(D) 
the applicable interest rate for the period between the initial Maturity Date and 
the applicable Extended Maturity Date (the "Extended Interest Rate"); and

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
(E) 
the form of Exercise Notice (as defined below). 
c) 
If the Issuer does not exercise its Issuer Extension Option on any Extension Date, the 
Extendible A CDs will be redeemed on the then current Maturity Date. 
d) 
If the Issuer fails to publish an Extension Notice on an Extension Notice Date, then each 
holder of Extendible A CDs will be deemed to have exercised its Non-Extension Option, 
the then current Maturity Date shall not be extended and the Extendible A CDs will be 
redeemed on the then current Maturity Date. 
e) 
If the Issuer exercises its Issuer Extension Option, each Holder of Extendible A CDs has 
the option not to extend the then current Maturity Date in respect of some or all of those 
Extendible A CDs (the "Non-Extension Option"), in which case the then current 
Maturity Date shall not be extended in respect of those Extendible A CDs the subject of 
the Non-Extension Option and the relevant Extendible A CDs shall be redeemed on the 
then current Maturity Date. In order to exercise its Non-Extension Option in respect of 
some or all of those Extendible A CDs, the Holder of the Extendible A CDs must deliver 
a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form annexed to 
the applicable Extension Notice by no later than 5.00 p.m. (Frankfurt time) on the date 
specified in the Final Terms (the "Exercise Deadline") to the Relevant Clearing System 
for communication by the Relevant Clearing System through the Agent to the Issuer. 
f) 
There will be a minimum of 10 Business Days between each Extension Notice Date and 
applicable Exercise Deadline unless otherwise agreed with the Relevant Clearing 
System. 
g) 
Upon delivery to the Relevant Clearing System, an Exercise Notice shall be revocable 
until the applicable Exercise Deadline, at which time such notice will become irrevocable 
and binding upon the Holder, or any transferee of such Holder, of the Extendible A CDs. 
h) 
If a Holder of Extendible A CDs delivers an Exercise Notice in respect of part only of 
its holding of Extendible A CDs, the principal amount of such partial holding of 
Extendible A CDs (the "Maturing A CDs") will become due and payable on the then 
current Maturity Date. The aggregate principal amount of the Maturing A CDs will be 
represented by a new Global CD to be issued on the applicable Extension Date, provided 
that any such principal amount of the Maturing A CDs will not be less than EUR 100,000 
(or the equivalent in any other currency). The Maturing A CDs represented by the new 
Global A CD will be unlisted. The new Global A CD so issued will have the same terms 
as the A CDs, except that it will not be extendible, will have a separate International 
Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") and a separate Common Code and its maturity 
date will be the then current Maturity Date. The outstanding principal amount of such 
Extendible A CDs shall be reduced by the amount of the Maturing A CDs with effect 
from the applicable Extension Date, provided that any such principal amount of the 
outstanding Extendible A CDs will not be less than EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in 
any other currency). 
i) 
If a Holder of Extendible A CDs does not deliver an Exercise Notice prior to the 
applicable Exercise Deadline, the then current Maturity Date shall be extended 
automatically to the next following Extended Maturity Date and interest from the then 
current Maturity Date will continue to accrue on the Extendible A CDs at the Extended 
Interest Rate and shall be payable on the applicable Extended Maturity Date. 
j) 
If the Issuer exercises its Issuer Extension Option and the Holder of Extendible A CDs 
exercises its Non-Extension Option, the relevant Extendible A CDs will be non-
transferable in the period between the relevant Exercise Deadline and the relevant 
Extension Date. For the avoidance of doubt, no restrictions on transfer will exist during 
this period for the Holders of the Extendible A CDs who have not exercised its Non-
Extension Option.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
§ 7 
Early Redemption 
(1) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer.  
The Issuer will not be entitled to redeem an A CD before its Maturity Date, or in case of 
Extendible A CDs its Final Maturity Date, unless the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
redemption commencement date (the "Redemption Commencement Date").  
If an A CD specifies a Redemption Commencement Date, it will also specify one or more 
redemption prices, which may be expressed as a percentage of the principal amount of the A 
CD. An A CD may also specify one or more redemption periods during which the specified 
redemption prices relating to a redemption of A CDs during those periods will apply. The 
minimum redemption price will be 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. 
If an A CD specifies a Redemption Commencement Date, such A CD will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer, in whole or in part, at any time on or after that date or at a specified time 
or times. If the Issuer redeems an A CD, it will do so at the specified redemption price, together 
with any interest accrued to the redemption date. If different prices are specified for different 
redemption periods, the price paid by the Issuer will be the price that applies to the redemption 
period during which such A CD is redeemed. 
(2) 
Redemption upon Change in Law.  
The Issuer will have the option to redeem an A CD as a result of certain developments involving 
a change in law (including a change in tax law). The Issuer will have the option to redeem an A 
CD if, as a result of any change in German tax treatment, the Issuer would be required to pay 
an additional amount as described in paragraph 6 of the Global A CD or it is or will become 
unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of its obligations under the A CDs. The redemption price 
in these circumstances will be 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. 
If the Issuer exercises an option to redeem any A CD, it will give to the Holder written notice 
of the principal amount of the A CD to be redeemed, not less than 35 days before the applicable 
redemption date. In addition, the Issuer will notify the relevant stock exchange of any 
redemption of A CDs. 
§ 8 
Agent 
(1) 
Appointment.  
The agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any Holder. The Issuer reserves the right to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Agents and to appoint additional or other Agents, provided that the Issuer 
shall at all times maintain: 
a) 
a Paying Agent; 
b) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s); 
c) 
such other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the A CDs may 
be listed. 
Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes to the specified office of any 
Agent will be given to Holders. 
(2) 
Issuing and paying agent.  
The Issuing and paying agent shall be Deutsche Bank AG.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
(3) 
Calculation agent.  
The Calculation Agent shall be Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE. 
§ 9 
Taxation 
(1) 
Withholding taxes. 
All payments of principal and interest which are made by the Issuer on the A CDs shall be made 
without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever imposed, levied or collected by or in or on 
behalf of the country in which the Issuer has its statutory seat or by or on behalf of any political 
subdivision or authority therein or thereof having power to tax ("Withholding Taxes"), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such latter event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") of principal and interest as may be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Holders after such deduction or withholding each 
shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been receivable 
had no such deduction or withholding been required. 
Such Additional Amounts shall, however, not be payable on account of taxes, duties or 
governmental charges which 
a) 
are payable otherwise than by withholding or deduction from payments made by the 
Issuer to the Holders, or 
b) 
are deducted or withheld by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of the Holders, or otherwise payable in any manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by 
it, or 
c) 
are deducted or withheld by a paying agent from a payment if the payment could have 
been made by another paying agent without such deduction or withholding, or 
d) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of savings, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which Germany or the European Union is a party / are 
parties or (iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to 
conform with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
e) 
are payable by reason of the Holders having, or having had, some personal or business 
connection with Germany or another member state of the European Union and not merely 
by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the A CDs are, or for purposes of taxation 
are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, Germany, or 
f) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 calendar 
days after the relevant payment of principal and interest becomes due, or is duly provided 
for, whichever occurs later. 
(2) 
US Internal Revenue Code. 
Any amounts to be paid will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the US Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"), any 
current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such Sections of the Code, and no additional amounts will be required to be 
paid on account of any such deduction or withholding.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
§ 10 
Presentation Period 
The period for presentation of the A CDs (§ 801, Paragraph (1), Sentence 1 of the German Civil Code 
(BGB)) shall be ten years and the period of limitation for claims under the A CDs presented during the 
period for presentation shall be two years calculated from the expiry of the relevant presentation period. 
§ 11 
Amendments of the Terms and Conditions 
The Terms and Conditions of the A CDs may be amended by the Issuer from time to time without the 
consent of the Holders if, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, the amendment is (a) formal, minor or 
technical in nature, (b) made to correct an obvious or demonstrable error or omission, (c) made, to comply 
with mandatory legal requirements and regulations of the Issuer's jurisdiction and/or to comply with 
changes in applicable laws and regulations, (d) is made to cure, correct or amend an erroneous provision 
in these Terms and Conditions and/or (e) does not materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders. 
Any such amendment shall be binding on the Holders and shall become effective upon notice to the 
Holders. 
§ 12 
Further issues, purchases and cancellation 
(1) 
Further Issues.  
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further A CDs 
having the same terms and conditions as the A CDs in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with 
the A CDs. 
(2) 
Purchase.  
The Issuer or its affiliates may purchase A CDs from investors who are willing to sell from time 
to time, either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated 
prices. A CDs that the Issuer or its affiliates purchase may, at the Issuer's discretion, be held, 
resold or cancelled.  
(3) 
Cancellation. 
All A CDs redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 13 
Notices  
(1) 
Notices to the Issuer. 
Notices to the Issuer will be made to its office by mail or telefax and addressed for the attention 
of the person designated by it for that purpose as set out below: 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Attn: Dr. Tobias Wohlfarth, GSBE Corporate Treasury 
(2) 
Notices to the Holders. 
In relation to the A CDs which are admitted to trading on a regulated market, all notices 
concerning the A CDs shall be published in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). Any notice

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the day of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the day of the first such publication). 
In relation to the A CDs which are admitted to listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and if and for so long as the rules of that stock exchange so require, notices to 
the Holders will also be made through publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the day of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the day of the first such 
publication). 
The Issuer has the right to deliver a notice to the Relevant Clearing System for communication 
by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fourth day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Relevant Clearing 
System. 
 
§ 14 
Governing law, place of jurisdiction and enforcement 
(1) 
Governing law.  
The A CDs, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the A CDs, 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
(2) 
Place of jurisdiction. 
Place of jurisdiction is Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
(3) 
Enforcement.  
The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for 
any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the 
A CDs. Any A CD Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under such CDs 
on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the A CDs (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, 
(b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of A CDs credited to such securities account on 
the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the 
Relevant Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of 
the CDs in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
Proceedings of the actual records or the Global A CD.  
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of 
recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with which the Holder 
maintains a securities account in respect of the CDs and includes the Relevant Clearing System. 
Each Holder may, without prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights under these 
A CDs also in any other way which is admitted in the country of the Proceedings.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE B CDS 
Each B CD issued under the Programme will be subject to the following terms and conditions that, 
subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to bearer B 
CDs in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for a Global B CD representing the relevant issue of 
B CDs. The applicable Final Terms will be attached to each Global B CD and each bearer B CD in 
definitive form. The following terms and conditions of B CDs must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Global B CD and the Final Terms attached thereto: 
§ 1  
Currency, Denomination, Form, Definitions  
(1) 
Currency, Denomination.  
This series of notes (the "B CDs") of Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (the "Issuer") is issued 
in the currency specified in the Final Terms in the aggregate principal amount and the 
denomination (the "Nominal Amount") specified in the Final Terms, with a minimum 
denomination of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency) unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and integral multiples thereof as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (subject in each case to compliance with all applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements).  
(2) 
Minimum Issuance Amount.  
The minimum aggregate principal amount will be EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other 
currency). 
(3) 
Form.  
The B CDs are being issued in bearer form. 
(4) 
B CD Global.  
The B CDs will initially be represented by one or more global B CDs without coupons (each, a 
"Global B CD" and together, the "Global B CDs"). The Global B CDs shall each be signed by 
authorised signatories of the Issuer and shall each be authenticated by or on behalf of the Paying 
Agent. Definitive notes and interest coupons will not be issued. 
(5) 
Relevant Clearing System.  
The Global B CD will be deposited with a common depositary or, as the case may be, a Common 
Safekeeper for Euroclear or Clearstream.  
(6) 
Definitions.  
"Common Safekeeper" means, in respect of any Global B CD which is in new global form, the 
common safekeeper which is appointed by the Relevant Clearing Systems in respect thereof, if 
such Global B CD is in new global form and intended to be held in a manner that would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility, the common safekeeper which is appointed for the Issuer and eligible to 
hold such Global B CD for the purpose of the requirements relating to collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary and intra-day credit operations. If the common safekeeper as at the relevant issue date 
ceases to be so eligible after the relevant issue date, the relevant B CDs will no longer qualify 
for Eurosystem eligibility unless a new common safekeeper is appointed who is so eligible. 
"Holder" means any holder of a proportionate co-ownership or other beneficial interest or fight 
in the B CDs. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream") and/or or any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
§ 2  
Status, Title and Transfer 
(1) 
Status of the B CDs.  
The B CDs shall represent direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations for funds borrowed or guaranteed by the Issuer (other than in the case 
of obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of law). In case of insolvency proceedings 
concerning the assets of the Issuer, among the unsubordinated claims against the Issuer at the 
time of opening of insolvency proceedings, the obligations under the B CDs have the higher 
rank pursuant to § 46f (5) German Banking Act (Kreditwesengesetz). 
(2) 
Title and Transfer.  
Definitive securities and interest coupons will not be issued and the right of the Holders to 
request the issue and delivery of definitive securities shall be excluded. The Holders shall 
receive co-ownership participations or rights in the Global B CDs which are transferable in 
accordance with applicable law and the rules and regulations of the Relevant Clearing System. 
§ 3 
Interest 
(1) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates.  
The applicable Final Terms will specify if the B CDs may accrue interest on a fixed rate basis, 
a floating rate basis or be non-interest bearing B CDs. 
The "Interest Rate" payable from time to time in respect of B CDs issued on a fixed rate basis 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The "Interest Rate" payable from time to time in respect of B CDs issued on a floating rate 
basis will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms and the provisions 
below. 
"Interest Payment Date" shall be each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
(2) 
Interest Commencement Date.  
The "Interest Commencement Date" is the Issue Date or as otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms. 
(3) 
Interest Period.  
The "Interest Period" shall be each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date for the B CDs to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date for the B CDs, and each 
successive period from and including the first day following the end of the preceding Interest 
Period to but excluding the following Interest Payment Date until the principal of the B CDs is 
paid or made available for payment. An Interest Period may be adjusted or unadjusted in 
accordance with the provision in § 4(4). 
(4) 
Interest Amount Payable.  
Interest due on the Interest Payment Date will be an amount equal to the product of (a) the 
aggregate nominal amount of B CDs outstanding on the first day of the Interest Period, (b) the 
Day Count Fraction, and (c) the Interest Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Interest 
due will be rounded up or down as specified in the applicable Final Terms, in such units as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.1 
 
1 Ashurst comment: in line with previous iterations of the programme, the applicable Day Count Fraction is selected in the Final Terms and therefore 
the interest amount payable is calculated in accordance with these terms and conditions and Final Terms. An alternative approach which we have

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
(5) 
Reference Rates  
Reference Rates for B CDs with a floating rate and Screen Rate Determination  
If the applicable Final Terms specify Screen Rate Determination as applicable for the B CDs 
issued on a floating rate basis, the "Reference Rate" shall be either: 
a) 
the Euro zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR"); 
b) 
SOFR (as defined below); 
c) 
SONIA (as defined below); or 
d) 
€STR (as defined below). 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
and as specified in the applicable Final Terms for the Reference Rate (a) (in the case of B CDs 
where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as EURIBOR) which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the day that is two 
TARGET Banking Days preceding the Interest Reset Date; or (b) (in the case of B CDs where 
the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as SOFR, SONIA or €STR), as 
determined in accordance with the following provisions, in each case, plus or minus the spread 
(if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
EURIBOR 
If, in the case of B CDs where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
EURIBOR, such rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Interest Rate will be the 
rate as determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the rates at which deposits in euro 
are offered by the Reference Banks at approximately 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the day that 
is two TARGET Banking Days preceding the Interest Reset Date to prime banks in, the Euro-
zone inter-bank market for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, commencing on the Interest Reset Date and in a Representative Amount. The Calculation 
Agent will request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the Interest Rate for that Interest 
Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are 
provided as requested, the Interest Rate for that Interest Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean 
of the rates quoted by major banks in New York City, selected by the Calculation Agent, at 
approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Interest Reset Date for loans in euro to 
leading European banks for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, commencing on the Interest Reset Date and in a Representative Amount. 
SOFR, SONIA or €STR 
In respect of B CDs where the applicable Final Terms specify that the Reference Rate is SOFR, 
SONIA or €STR, the Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent and as specified in the applicable Final Terms as follows plus or minus the 
spread (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)", the Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
As used in this provision: 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with SOFR, SONIA 
or €STR as the Reference Rate for the calculation of interest as specified in the 
 
seen in some programmes is for the Day Count Fraction to be calculated with reference to the ISDA Definitions (rather than selected in the Final 
Terms), and so the interest payable is calculated in accordance with the ISDA definitions. Please let us know your preferred approach here.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
applicable Final Terms), which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, as at 
the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, (in the case of SONIA) to the fourth 
decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards and (in the case of SOFR or 
€STR) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖− 𝑝𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
"Business Day" or "BD" means (i) where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a US Government Securities Business Day; 
(ii) where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, a London Banking Day; and (iii) where "€STR" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a TARGET Banking Day; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" means (where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Observation Method) the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest 
Period or (where "Shift" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Observation Method) the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"do" means (where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Observation Method) the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest 
Period, or (where "Shift" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
Observation Method) the number of Business Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"ECB's Website" means the website of the European Central Bank currently at 
http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially designated by the 
European Central Bank (any information on the ECB's website does not form part 
of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent 
authority unless incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus); 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
euro short-term rate as provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the ECB's Website, 
in each case on or before 9:00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the 
relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first 
Business Day (where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the Observation Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where 
"Shift" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method) in 
the relevant Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"ni" means, for any Business Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following Business 
Day; 
"New York Fed's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website 
officially designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (any information

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
on the New York Fed's website or any successor website does not form part of 
the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the competent 
authority unless incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date which is "p" Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on, and include, 
the Issue Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the applicable Global 
B CD becomes due and payable);  
"p" means, for any Interest Period (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms): 
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days included in the 
Observation Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
if no such number is specified, five Business Days); or 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, zero;  
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the date falling "p" Business Days 
prior to each Interest Reset Date; 
"r" means:  
(1) 
where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms, in respect of any Business Day, the Reference 
Rate in respect of such Business Day; 
(2) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, in respect of any Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the Reference Rate for the Business Day immediately 
preceding such day; and in respect of any Business Day "i" falling on or 
after the "Lock-out Date" specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
where no "Lock-out Date" is specified, five Business Days prior to each 
Interest Reset Date), the Reference Rate in respect of the Business Day 
immediately preceding the last Business Day in the relevant Interest Period 
(such last Business Day coinciding with the relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date); 
"ri-pBD" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the applicable Reference Rate 
as set out in the definition of "r" above for, where "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the Business Day (being a 
Business Day falling in the relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business 
Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, where "Lock-out" or "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily 
Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York ("New York Fed"), as the administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in each case on or 
about 5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day; 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average for such Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
published by such authorised distributors, in each case on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; and 
"US Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
(B) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Weighted Average", the Reference Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the Weighted Average Reference Rate, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
As used in this provision: 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means, with respect to any Interest Period, 
the arithmetic mean of SOFR, SONIA or €STR in effect during such Interest 
Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms, which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as at the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date as 
follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, (in the case of 
SONIA) to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards and 
(in the case of SOFR or €STR) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards:  
[∑(𝑟𝑖− 𝑝𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖 
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
]  𝑥 𝐷
𝑑 
where: 
"Business Day", "BD", "D", "d", "do", "i", "n" and "p" have the meanings given 
to them in the provision relating to "Compounded Daily Reference Rate" 
specified above; 
"ri–pBD" means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
(1) 
(where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms) in respect of any Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Interest Period, the relevant Reference Rate for the Business Day falling 
"p" Business Days prior to such day "i"; 
(2) 
(where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Reference Rate determined in accordance with 
paragraph a) above, except that in respect of each Business Day "i" falling 
on or after the "Lock-out Date" specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, 
where no "Lock-out Date" is specified, five Business Days prior to each 
Interest Reset Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, the 
relevant Reference Rate determined in accordance with paragraph a) 
above in respect of such "Lock-out Date"; and 
(3) 
(where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms) in respect of any Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the relevant Reference Rate in respect of such day "i"; 
and 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means (unless otherwise defined in the 
applicable Final Terms) the date falling five Business Days prior to each Interest 
Payment Date.  
(C) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)", if, in respect of any Business

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Rate is not available, such 
Reference Rate shall be SOFR for the first preceding Business Day on which 
SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen Page and "r" shall be interpreted 
accordingly. 
(D) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)", if, in respect of any Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Period or Observation Period, the Calculation Agent 
determines SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen Page and has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such Reference 
Rate shall be: 
(1) 
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5:00 
p.m. (London time) on the relevant Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which 
SONIA has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is 
more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those 
lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, SONIA published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which SONIA was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the 
relevant authorised distributors), 
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
(E) 
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms 
and the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)", if, in respect of any Business 
Day, the Calculation Agent determines the Reference Rate is not available, such 
Reference Rate shall be €STR for the first preceding Business Day on which 
€STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page and "r" shall be interpreted 
accordingly.  
(F) 
In the event that the Reference Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Reference Rate shall be (i) that determined as at the last 
preceding Reference Rate Determination Date to which the foregoing provisions 
shall have applied or (ii) if there is no such preceding Reference Rate 
Determination Date, the initial Reference Rate which would have been applicable 
to the relevant B CDs for the first Interest Period had the relevant B CDs been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending 
on (and excluding) the Issue Date. 
(G) 
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
"Compounded Daily (Index Determination)", the Reference Rate for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
As used in this provision: 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an Interest Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with SOFR or SONIA 
as the Reference Rate for the calculation of interest as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms), which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, as at the relevant 
Reference Rate Determination Date as follows, and the resulting percentage will 
be rounded, if necessary, (in the case of SONIA) to the fourth decimal place, with 
0.00005 being rounded upwards and (in the case of SOFR) to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
( 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝑖𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑎𝑐𝑒 𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1)  𝑥 𝐷
𝑑 
where:  
"Business Day" or "BD" means (i) where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a US Government Securities Business Day; 
and (ii) where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, a London Banking Day; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" means the number of calendar days from (and including) the day in relation 
to which Reference Rate Compounded IndexStart is determined to (but excluding) 
the day in relation to which Reference Rate Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in London; 
"p" means, for any Interest Period (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) five Business Days; 
"Reference Rate Compounded Index" means: 
(1) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate and the Calculation 
Method is specified as "Compounded Daily (Index Determination) in the 
applicable Final Terms, the screen rate or index for compounded daily 
SONIA rates administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference 
rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or other 
information service from time to time on the relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms; and  
(2) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate and the Calculation 
Method is specified as "Compounded Daily (Index Determination)" in the 
applicable Final Terms, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, the SOFR index value as published by the administrator of 
the SOFR reference rate as such index appears on the New York Fed's 
Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York time) on such US Government 
Securities Business Day; 
"Reference Rate Compounded IndexStart" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the Reference Rate Compounded Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Interest Period;  
"Reference Rate Compounded IndexEnd" means, with respect to an Interest 
Period, the Reference Rate Compounded Index determined in relation to the day 
falling the Relevant Number of Business Days prior to (A) the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period, or (B) such other date on which the relevant 
payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period);  
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the date falling "p" Business Days 
prior to each Interest Reset Date; 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five); and 
"US Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Compounded Index is not published or displayed by the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or other information service by i) in respect of the SONIA 
reference rate, 5.00 p.m. (London time); or ii) in respect of the SOFR reference rate, 3.00 p.m. 
(New York time) (or, in each case, if later, by the time falling one hour after the customary or 
scheduled time for publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing operational 
procedures of the administrator of the Reference Rate or of such other information service, as 
the case may be) on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date, the Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which the Reference Rate Compounded 
Index is not available shall be "Compounded Daily Reference Rate" determined as set out under 
the section entitled "Compounded Daily Reference Rate (Non-Index Determination)" above and 
as if "Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)" were specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the Calculation Method, and for these purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be 
deemed to be "Shift" and (ii) the "Observation Look-Back Period" shall be deemed to be equal 
to the Relevant Number of Business Days, as if those alternative elections had been made in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Reference Rate Determination Date 
If the Global B CD becomes due and payable prior to their Maturity Date, the final Reference 
Rate Determination Date shall be deemed to be the date on which the relevant Global B CD 
became due and payable and the Reference Rate on such Global B CD shall, for so long as such 
Global B CD remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this provision, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined 
terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"TARGET Banking Day" means any day on which T2 (the Trans-European Automated Real-
time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system) (or any successor transfer system, as 
determined by the Agent) is open for the settlement of payments in Euro. 
"Interest Reset Date" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the first day of that Interest 
Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London, 
England.  
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone 
office of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, in each case selected by the 
Calculation Agent or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, including any successor 
or replacement page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable in respect of each 
Interest Period be published as soon as practicable after the determination of the Interest Rate. 
Such notice will be delivered to the clearing systems.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
Reference Rates for B CDs with a floating rate and ISDA Determination  
If the applicable Final Terms specify ISDA Determination and Overnight Rates as applicable 
and the Reference Rate is either: 
Overnight Rates 
If the Reference Rate is either: 
a) 
GBP-SONIA; 
b) 
USD-SOFR; 
c) 
EUR-EuroSTR; 
d) 
CHF-SARON; 
e) 
HKD-HONIA; 
f) 
JPY-TONA;  
g) 
SGD-SORA;  
h) 
AUD-AONIA; or 
i) 
USD-Federal Funds;  
the Interest Rate from time to time will be determined in accordance with the provisions below. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
as the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined in accordance 
with the following provisions plus or minus the spread (if any) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
Where GBP-SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SONIA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for GBP-SONIA in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(B) 
Where USD-SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SOFR, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for USD-SOFR in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(C) 
Where CHF-SARON is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SARON, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for CHF-SARON in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(D) 
Where EUR-EuroSTR is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is EuroSTR, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for EUR-EuroSTR in 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(E) 
Where HKD-HONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is HONIA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for HKD-HONIA in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(F) 
Where JPY-TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is TONA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for JPY-TONA in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix;  
(G) 
Where SGD-SORA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SORA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for SGD-SORA in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix;  
(H) 
Where AUD-AONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference 
Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is AONIA and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for AUD-AONIA in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; and 
(I) 
Where USD-Federal Funds is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the 
specified Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging 
Method, as applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is the EFFR, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for USD-Federal Funds 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix.  
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable in respect of each 
Interest Period be published as soon as practicable after the determination of the Interest Rate. 
Such notice shall be delivered to the Relevant Clearing Systems. 
In this provision: 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative 
Definitions, including each Matrix (and any successor matrix), as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor) on its website (www.isda.org) as at

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
the Issue Date provided that (i) references to a "Confirmation" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
should instead be read as references to the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) references to a 
"Calculation Period" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to an 
"Interest Period" and "Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be 
disapplied; and 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the number of Applicable Business Days, 
Observation Period Shift Business Days or Lockout Period Business Days, as applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Interest Reset Date. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this provision shall bear the meaning given 
to them in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
Term Rates 
If the Reference Rate is either: 
If the applicable Final Terms specify ISDA Determination and Term Rates as being applicable 
and the Reference Rate is either: 
a) 
EUR-EURIBOR; 
b) 
AUD-BBSW; 
c) 
HKD-HIBOR; 
d) 
JPY-TIBOR; or 
e) 
SGD-SIBOR; 
the Interest Rate from time to time will be determined in accordance with the provisions below. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
as the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined in accordance 
with the following provisions plus or minus the spread (if any) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
Where EUR-EURIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the 2021 Definitions as if (i) the Reset Date was the first day of 
the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the Designated Maturity was the number of 
months equal to the Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
Where AUD-BBSW shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the 2021 Definitions as if (i) the Reset Date was the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and (ii) the Designated Maturity was the number of months equal 
to the Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(C) 
Where HKD-HIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset Date was the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and (ii) the Designated Maturity was the number of 
months equal to the Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
(D) 
Where JPY-TIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset Date was the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and (ii) the Designated Maturity was the number of 
months equal to the Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(E) 
Where SGD-SIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance 
with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset Date was the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and (ii) the Designated Maturity was the number of 
months equal to the Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
provided that where a Temporary Non-Publication Trigger occurs in respect of the 
relevant above-mentioned Reference Rate, the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback for 
such rate as applicable under the Floating Rate Matrix shall be amended such that the 
reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable in respect of each 
Interest Period be published as soon as practicable after the determination of the Interest Rate. 
Such notice shall be delivered to the Relevant Clearing Systems. 
In this provision, "2021 ISDA Definitions" means the version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivative Definitions, including each Matrix (and any successor matrix), as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor) on its website 
(www.isda.org) as at the Issue Date provided that (i) references to a "Confirmation" in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) 
references to a "Calculation Period" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as 
references to an "Interest Period" and "Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions shall be disapplied. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this provision shall bear the meaning given 
to them in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
OIS Compounding Rates 
a) 
If the applicable Final Terms specify ISDA Determination and OIS Compound Rates as 
being applicable and the Reference Rate is either:AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound; 
b) 
CHF-SARON-OIS Compound; 
c) 
EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound; 
d) 
GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound; 
e) 
HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound; 
f) 
JPY-TONA-OIS Compound; 
g) 
SGD-SORA-OIS Compound; 
h) 
USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound; or 
i) 
USD-SOFR-OIS Compound;  
the applicable Final Terms, the Interest Rate from time to time will be calculated in accordance 
with the provisions below. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
as the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms and determined in accordance 
with the following provisions plus or minus the spread (if any) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(A) 
Where AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is AONIA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for AUD-AONIA-OIS 
Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(B) 
Where CHF-SARON-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is SARON, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for CHF-SARON-OIS 
Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(C) 
Where EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is EuroSTR, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for EUR-EuroSTR-OIS 
Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(D) 
Where GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is SONIA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for GBP-SONIA-OIS 
Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(E) 
Where HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is HONIA, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for HKD-HONIA-OIS 
Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(F) 
Where JPY-TONA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is TONA, and the resulting percentage 
is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the 
nearest percentage point specified for JPY-TONA-OIS Compound in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(G) 
Where SGD-SORA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is SORA, and the resulting percentage 
is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the 
nearest percentage point specified for SGD-SORA-OIS Compound in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
(H) 
Where USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is the EFFR, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for USD-Federal Funds-
OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; and 
(I) 
Where USD-SOFR-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding 
formula, where the Underlying Benchmark is SOFR, and the resulting percentage 
is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the 
nearest percentage point specified for USD-SOFR-OIS Compound in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable in respect of each 
Interest Period be published as soon as practicable after the determination of the Interest Rate. 
Such notice shall be delivered to the Relevant Clearing Systems. 
In this provision: 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative 
Definitions, including each Matrix (and any successor matrix), as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor) on its website (www.isda.org) as at 
the Issue Date provided that (i) references to a "Confirmation" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
should instead be read as references to the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) references to a 
"Calculation Period" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to the 
Calculation Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and "Administrator/Benchmark 
Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall be disapplied; and 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the number of Applicable Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms prior to the Interest Reset Date. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this provision shall bear the meaning given 
to them in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
(6) 
Substitute or Successor Rate of Interest other than where the Reference Rate is USD 
LIBOR, SONIA, SOFR or €STR.  
If, in respect of B CDs where the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
EURIBOR, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate has been discontinued or 
has otherwise ceased to exist, the Calculation Agent shall, in its reasonable discretion (billiges 
Ermessen), select a substitute or successor rate of interest that the Calculation Agent determines 
is most comparable to the Reference Rate to replace the Reference Rate (provided that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted substitute or successor rate of 
interest, then the Calculation Agent shall select such substitute or successor rate of interest), and 
shall replace the Reference Rate by such substitute or successor rate of interest with effect from 
such date as determined by the Calculation Agent, and such substitute or successor rate of 
interest will be deemed to be the Reference Rate with effect from such date. The Calculation 
Agent may make such adjustments that it determines to be appropriate, if any, to any one or 
more of the terms of the B CDs, including without limitation, any variable or term relevant to 
the settlement or payment under the B CDs, as the Calculation Agent determines appropriate to 
account for such replacement and make such substitute or successor rate of interest comparable 
to the Reference Rate, in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
substitute or successor rate of interest. 
(7) 
Step-Up B CDs / Step-Down B CDs 
The B CDs may include an interest step-up provision whereby the Interest Rate payable 
increases at pre-determined periods, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. The B CDs may 
also indicate an interest step-down provision whereby the Interest Rate payable decreases at 
pre-determined periods, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
§ 4 
Payments 
(1) 
Business Day 
A day (i) which is a Clearing System Business Day for the Relevant Clearing System, and (ii) 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
Frankfurt am Main and the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency or in relation 
to any sum payable in Euro, a TARGET Banking Day (as defined in § 3(5)); where 
"Principal Financial Centre" means the financial centre or centres indicated below with 
respect to such currency:

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Specified Currency 
Principal Financial Centre(s) 
Australian Dollar 
Sydney  
Hong Kong Dollar 
Hong Kong 
Singapore Dollar 
Singapore 
Sterling 
London 
Swiss Franc 
Zurich 
U.S. Dollar 
New York 
Yen 
Tokyo 
 
"Clearing System Business Day" means, in respect of a Relevant Clearing System, any day on 
which such Relevant Clearing System is open for the acceptance and execution of settlement 
instructions. 
(2) 
Day Count Fraction 
In respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest Period the relevant "Day 
Count Fraction" shall be: 
a) 
if "1/1 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1; 
b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Interest Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
c) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period, including 29 February in a leap year, divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Interest Period and (2) the number of Interest Periods 
in any year; 
d) 
if "Actual/Actual (Bond)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Interest Period, divided by the number of calendar days in the 
Interest Period multiplied by the number of Interest Periods in the calendar year; 
e) 
if "Actual/Actual (Euro)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
calendar days in the Interest Period divided by 365, or if the Interest Period includes 29 
February, 366; 
f) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
g) 
if "Actual/360 (ISMA)" or "Actual/360 (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
h) 
if "30/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on 
a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 − Y1)] + [30 × (M2 − M1)] + [D2 − D1]
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(3) 
Business Day Convention 
If any Interest Payment Date is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance with a 
Business Day Convention that would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms is: 
a) 
(in the case of B CDs issued on a floating rate basis only) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, the Interest Payment Date will be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
(x) such date will be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and 
(y) each subsequent such date will be the last Business Day of the month in which such 
date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment;  
b) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date will be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day;  
c) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date will be postponed to the 
next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, 
in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day; or  
d) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date will be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. 
(4) 
No adjustments of interest in case of payments due on a non-Business Day 
If the Final Terms provide that the Interest Period shall be "adjusted" and if the due date for a 
payment of interest is brought forward or postponed (as described above), the amount of interest 
shall be adjusted accordingly. 
If the Final Terms provide that the Interest Period shall be "unadjusted" and if the due date for 
a payment of interest is brought forward or postponed (as described above), the amount of 
interest shall not be adjusted accordingly. 
If the due date for the redemption of the principal amount of the B CD is adjusted the Holder 
shall not be entitled to payments in respect of such adjustment

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
§ 5 
Scheduled Redemption 
(1) 
Tenor of the CDs.  
The tenor of the B CDs shall be more than 364 days from and including the date of issue, subject 
to compliance with any applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
(2) 
Scheduled Redemption.  
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled or extended, each B CD will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount on the maturity date set out in 
the Final Terms (the "Maturity Date").  
§ 6 
Extendible B CDs 
(1) 
Extendible B CDs.  
a) 
The Final Terms may provide that on the initial Maturity Date and such other date or 
dates specified (each, an "Extension Date"), the Issuer has the option to extend the initial 
Maturity Date of the B CDs (the "Issuer Extension Option") to such date or dates as 
shall be provided in the applicable Final Terms (each, an "Extended Maturity Date" 
and the last Extended Maturity Date the "Final Maturity Date") (such B CDs, 
"Extendible B CDs"). Any Final Maturity Date shall in no event exceed the maximum 
maturity from and including the date of issue as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
b) 
If the Final Terms provide that the relevant series of the B CDs are Extendible B CDs, 
each time the Issuer elects to exercise the Issuer Extension Option, the Issuer is required 
to deliver a notice of extension (an "Extension Notice") to the Relevant Clearing System 
by no later than 5.00 p.m. (Frankfurt time) on the date specified in the Final Terms (each, 
an "Extension Notice Date"), for communication by the Relevant Clearing System to 
the Holders of the Extendible B CDs, informing Holders that the Issuer will be exercising 
the Issuer Extension Option. 
Each Extension Notice shall contain the following information: 
(A) 
confirmation that the Issuer will be exercising the Issuer Extension Option; 
(B) 
the applicable Extended Maturity Date; 
(C) 
the applicable Exercise Deadline (as defined below); 
(D) 
the applicable interest rate for the period between the initial Maturity Date and 
the applicable Extended Maturity Date (the "Extended Interest Rate"); and 
(E) 
the form of Exercise Notice (as defined below). 
c) 
If the Issuer does not exercise its Issuer Extension Option on any Extension Date, the 
Extendible B CDs will be redeemed on the then current Maturity Date. 
d) 
If the Issuer fails to publish an Extension Notice on an Extension Notice Date, then each 
holder of Extendible B CDs will be deemed to have exercised its Non-Extension Option, 
the then current Maturity Date shall not be extended and the Extendible B CDs will be 
redeemed on the then current Maturity Date. 
e) 
If the Issuer exercises its Issuer Extension Option, each Holder of Extendible B CDs has 
the option not to extend the then current Maturity Date in respect of some or all of those 
Extendible B CDs (the "Non-Extension Option"), in which case the then current 
Maturity Date shall not be extended in respect of those Extendible B CDs the subject of 
the Non-Extension Option and the relevant Extendible B CDs shall be redeemed on the 
then current Maturity Date. In order to exercise its Non-Extension Option in respect of

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
some or all of those Extendible B CDs, the Holder of the Extendible B CDs must deliver 
a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form annexed to 
the applicable Extension Notice by no later than 5.00 p.m. (Frankfurt time) on the date 
specified in the Final Terms (the "Exercise Deadline") to the Relevant Clearing System 
for communication by the Relevant Clearing System through the Agent to the Issuer. 
f) 
There will be a minimum of 10 Business Days between each Extension Notice Date and 
applicable Exercise Deadline unless otherwise agreed with the Relevant Clearing 
System. 
g) 
Upon delivery to the Relevant Clearing System, an Exercise Notice shall be revocable 
until the applicable Exercise Deadline, at which time such notice will become irrevocable 
and binding upon the Holder, or any transferee of such Holder, of the Extendible B CDs. 
h) 
If a Holder of Extendible B CDs delivers an Exercise Notice in respect of part only of its 
holding of Extendible B CDs, the principal amount of such partial holding of Extendible 
B CDs (the "Maturing B CDs") will become due and payable on the then current 
Maturity Date. The aggregate principal amount of the Maturing B CDs will be 
represented by a new Global CD to be issued on the applicable Extension Date, provided 
that any such principal amount of the Maturing B CDs will not be less than EUR 100,000 
(or the equivalent in any other currency). The Maturing B CDs represented by the new 
Global B CD will be unlisted. The new Global B CD so issued will have the same terms 
as the B CDs, except that it will not be extendible, will have a separate International 
Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") and a separate Common Code and its maturity 
date will be the then current Maturity Date. The outstanding principal amount of such 
Extendible B CDs shall be reduced by the amount of the Maturing B CDs with effect 
from the applicable Extension Date, provided that any such principal amount of the 
outstanding Extendible B CDs will not be less than EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in 
any other currency). 
i) 
If a Holder of Extendible B CDs does not deliver an Exercise Notice prior to the 
applicable Exercise Deadline, the then current Maturity Date shall be extended 
automatically to the next following Extended Maturity Date and interest from the then 
current Maturity Date will continue to accrue on the Extendible B CDs at the Extended 
Interest Rate and shall be payable on the applicable Extended Maturity Date. 
j) 
If the Issuer exercises its Issuer Extension Option and the Holder of Extendible B CDs 
exercises its Non-Extension Option, the relevant Extendible B CDs will be non-
transferable in the period between the relevant Exercise Deadline and the relevant 
Extension Date. For the avoidance of doubt, no restrictions on transfer will exist during 
this period for the Holders of the Extendible B CDs who have not exercised its Non-
Extension Option. 
§ 7 
Early Redemption 
(1) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer.  
The Issuer will not be entitled to redeem a B CD before its Maturity Date, or in case of 
Extendible B CDs its Final Maturity Date, unless the applicable Final Terms specifies a 
redemption commencement date (the "Redemption Commencement Date").  
If a B CD specifies a Redemption Commencement Date, it will also specify one or more 
redemption prices, which may be expressed as a percentage of the principal amount of the B 
CD. A B CD may also specify one or more redemption periods during which the specified 
redemption prices relating to a redemption of B CDs during those periods will apply. The 
minimum redemption price will be 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. 
If a B CD specifies a Redemption Commencement Date, such B CD will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer, in whole or in part, at any time on or after that date or at a specified time 
or times. If the Issuer redeems a B CD, it will do so at the specified redemption price, together

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
with any interest accrued to the redemption date. If different prices are specified for different 
redemption periods, the price paid by the Issuer will be the price that applies to the redemption 
period during which such B CD is redeemed. 
(2) 
Redemption upon Change in Law.  
The Issuer will have the option to redeem a B CD as a result of certain developments involving 
a change in law (including a change in tax law). The Issuer will have the option to redeem a B 
CD if, as a result of any change in German tax treatment, the Issuer would be required to pay 
an additional amount as described in paragraph 6 of the Global B CD or it is or will become 
unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of its obligations under the B CDs. The redemption price 
in these circumstances will be 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. 
If the Issuer exercises an option to redeem any B CD, it will give to the Holder written notice 
of the principal amount of the B CD to be redeemed, not less than 35 days before the applicable 
redemption date. In addition, the Issuer will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of any 
redemption of B CDs. 
§ 8 
Agent 
(1) 
Appointment.  
The agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any Holder. The Issuer reserves the right to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Agents and to appoint additional or other Agents, provided that the Issuer 
shall at all times maintain: 
a) 
a Paying Agent; 
b) 
one or more Calculation Agent(s); 
c) 
such other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the B CDs may 
be listed. 
Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes to the specified office of any 
Agent will be given to Holders. 
(2) 
Issuing and paying agent.  
The Issuing and paying agent shall be Deutsche Bank AG. 
(3) 
Calculation agent.  
The Calculation Agent shall be Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE. 
§ 9 
Taxation 
(1) 
Withholding taxes. 
All payments of principal and interest which are made by the Issuer on the B CDs shall be made 
without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or future taxes, duties or 
governmental charges of any nature whatsoever imposed, levied or collected by or in or on 
behalf of the country in which the Issuer has its statutory seat or by or on behalf of any political 
subdivision or authority therein or thereof having power to tax ("Withholding Taxes"), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. In such latter event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts ("Additional Amounts") of principal and interest as may be necessary in 
order that the net amounts received by the Holders after such deduction or withholding each 
shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would have been receivable 
had no such deduction or withholding been required.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Such Additional Amounts shall, however, not be payable on account of taxes, duties or 
governmental charges which 
a) 
are payable otherwise than by withholding or deduction from payments made by the 
Issuer to the Holders, or 
b) 
are deducted or withheld by any person acting as custodian bank or collecting agent on 
behalf of the Holders, or otherwise payable in any manner which does not constitute a 
deduction or withholding by the Issuer from payments of principal or interest made by 
it, or 
c) 
are deducted or withheld by a paying agent from a payment if the payment could have 
been made by another paying agent without such deduction or withholding, or 
d) 
are deducted or withheld pursuant to (i) any European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of savings, or (ii) any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which Germany or the European Union is a party / are 
parties or (iii) any provision of law implementing, or complying with, or introduced to 
conform with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or understanding, or 
e) 
are payable by reason of the Holders having, or having had, some personal or business 
connection with Germany or another member state of the European Union and not merely 
by reason of the fact that payments in respect of the B CDs are, or for purposes of taxation 
are deemed to be, derived from sources in, or are secured in, Germany, or 
f) 
are payable by reason of a change in law that becomes effective more than 30 calendar 
days after the relevant payment of principal and interest becomes due, or is duly provided 
for, whichever occurs later. 
(2) 
US Internal Revenue Code. 
Any amounts to be paid will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the US Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"), any 
current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into 
pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices 
adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such Sections of the Code, and no additional amounts will be required to be 
paid on account of any such deduction or withholding. 
§ 10 
Presentation Period 
The period for presentation of the B CDs (§ 801, Paragraph (1), Sentence 1 of the German Civil Code 
(BGB)) shall be ten years and the period of limitation for claims under the B CDs presented during the 
period for presentation shall be two years calculated from the expiry of the relevant presentation period. 
§ 11 
Amendments of the Terms and Conditions 
The Terms and Conditions of the B CDs may be amended by the Issuer from time to time without the 
consent of the Holders if, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, the amendment is (a) formal, minor or 
technical in nature, (b) made to correct an obvious or demonstrable error or omission, (c) made, to comply 
with mandatory legal requirements and regulations of the Issuer's jurisdiction and/or to comply with 
changes in applicable laws and regulations, (d) is made to cure, correct or amend an erroneous provision 
in these Terms and Conditions and/or (e) does not materially adversely affect the interests of the Holders. 
Any such amendment shall be binding on the Holders and shall become effective upon notice to the 
Holders.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
§ 12 
Further issues, purchases and cancellation 
(1) 
Further Issues.  
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Holders, issue further B CDs 
having the same terms and conditions as the B CDs in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the issue date, interest commencement date and/or issue price) so as to form a single series with 
the B CDs. 
(2) 
Purchase.  
The Issuer or its affiliates may purchase B CDs from investors who are willing to sell from time 
to time, either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated 
prices. B CDs that the Issuer or its affiliates purchase may, at the Issuer's discretion, be held, 
resold or cancelled.  
(3) 
Cancellation. 
All B CDs redeemed in full shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be reissued or resold. 
§ 13 
Notices  
(1) 
Notices to the Issuer. 
Notices to the Issuer will be made to its office by mail or telefax and addressed for the attention 
of the person designated by it for that purpose as set out below: 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm 
Taunusanlage 9-10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Attn: [Dr. Tobias Wohlfarth], GSBE Corporate Treasury 
(2) 
Notices to the Holders. 
In relation to the B CDs which are admitted to trading on a regulated market, all notices 
concerning the B CDs shall be published in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). Any notice 
so given will be deemed to have been validly given on the day of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the day of the first such publication). 
 
In relation to the B CDs which are admitted to listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and if and for so long as the rules of that stock exchange so require, notices to 
the Holders will also be made through publication on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any notice so given will be deemed to have been validly given on 
the day of such publication (or, if published more than once, on the day of the first such 
publication). 
 
The Issuer has the right to deliver a notice to the Relevant Clearing System for communication 
by the Clearing System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been validly 
given on the fourth day after the day on which the said notice was given to the Relevant Clearing 
System.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
§ 14 
Governing law, place of jurisdiction and enforcement 
(1) 
Governing law.  
The B CDs, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the B CDs, 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, laws of the Federal Republic of 
Germany. 
(2) 
Place of jurisdiction. 
Place of jurisdiction is Frankfurt am Main, Federal Republic of Germany. 
(3) 
Enforcement.  
The District Court (Landgericht) in Frankfurt am Main shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for 
any action or other legal proceedings ("Proceedings") arising out of or in connection with the 
B CDs. Any B CD Holder may in any Proceedings against the Issuer, or to which such Holder 
and the Issuer are parties, protect and enforce in his own name his rights arising under such CDs 
on the basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of the B CDs (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, 
(b) specifying the aggregate principal amount of B CDs credited to such securities account on 
the date of such statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the 
Relevant Clearing System containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) and (ii) a copy of 
the CDs in global form certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or a depository of the Clearing System, without the need for production in such 
Proceedings of the actual records or the Global B CD.  
For purposes of the foregoing, "Custodian" means any bank or other financial institution of recognised 
standing authorised to engage in securities custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities 
account in respect of the CDs and includes the Relevant Clearing System. Each Holder may, without 
prejudice to the foregoing, protect and enforce his rights under these B CDs also in any other way which 
is admitted in the country of the Proceedings.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – A CDS 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
(LEI: 8IBZUGJ7JPLH368JE346) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of A CDs] 
under the Certificate of Deposit Programme 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such in the Terms and Conditions of the A CDs set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 30 October 2024 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus dated [⚫]]. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the A CDs described herein 
and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the Programme is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at www.luxse.com and during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
Specified Currency: 
[⚫] 
Nominal Amount of A CDs: 
[⚫] 
Issue Price: 
[⚫] [Premium] [Discount] 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[⚫] 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[⚫]/[Issue Date]  
Maturity Date: 
[⚫] 
Interest Basis: 
[[⚫] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[specify reference rate] +/- [⚫] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon]  
Day Count Fraction: 
[[1/1 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] [Actual/Actual (Bond)] [Actual/Actual (Euro)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/360 
(ICMA)] [30/360 (ISDA)]]  
Business Day: 
Frankfurt/[specify]. 
Interest Amount Payable: 
Interest due will be rounded [up][down] to the nearest whole 
[⚫]. 
Interest Period: 
[Adjusted] [Unadjusted] 
Provisions relating to interest (if any) payable 
Fixed rate provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
Interest Rate: 
[⚫] per cent. per annum 
Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[⚫] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not 
Applicable/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention]

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
Floating rate provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
Interest Rate: 
The rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate for such 
Interest Period [plus]/[minus] [spread] per cent. 
Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[⚫] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not 
Applicable/Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
Interest Reset Date[s]: 
[⚫] 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫]-month [EURIBOR] / [SOFR] / [SONIA] / [€STR] / 
[GBP-SONIA] / [USD-SOFR] / [EUR-EuroSTR] / [CHF-
SARON] / [HKD-HONIA] / [JPY-TONA] / [SGD-SORA] / 
[AUD-AONIA] / [USD-Federal Funds] / [EUR-EURIBOR] 
/ [AUD-BBSW] / [HKD-HIBOR] / [JPY-TIBOR] / [SGD-
SIBOR] / [AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound] / [CHF-SARON-
OIS Compound] / [EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound] / [GBP-
SONIA-OIS Compound] / [HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound] 
/ 
[JPY-TONA-OIS 
Compound] 
/ 
[SGD-SORA-OIS 
Compound] / [USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound] / [USD-
SOFR-OIS Compound] / [⚫] 
[The Issuer may select an alternative reference rate in 
respect of floating rate interest bearing A CDs. If so, the 
Interest Rate should be determined in accordance with the 
applicable provisions as set out in the section entitled 
"Floating Rate Interest" in "Terms and Conditions of the A 
CDs".]  
Manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
Screen Rate Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Reference Banks: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)/Weighted 
Average/Compounded Daily (Index Determination)/Not 
Applicable] [Delete as appropriate. Complete for floating 
rate interest bearing A CDs only where the Reference Rate 
is specified as SONIA, SOFR or €STR. Compounded Daily 
(Index Determination) only available where the Reference 
Rate is specified as SONIA or SOFR.] 
Relevant Number: 
[ ⚫]/Not Applicable [Complete for floating rate interest 
bearing A CDs only where the Calculation Method is 
specified as Compounded Daily (Index Determination)] 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Shift/Not 
Applicable] 
[Delete 
as 
appropriate. Complete for floating rate interest bearing A 
CDs only where the Reference Rate is specified as SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR] 
Observation Look-back Period:  
[ ⚫]/Not Applicable [Complete for floating rate interest 
bearing A CDs only where the Reference Rate is specified as 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR and the Observation Method is

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
specified as Lag or Shift. Cannot be less than five Business 
Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.] 
Lock-out Date: 
[ ⚫]/Not Applicable [Complete for floating rate interest 
bearing A CDs only where the Reference Rate is specified as 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR and the Observation Method is 
specified as Lock-out] 
p: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable [Cannot be less than five Business Days 
prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.] 
D: 
[ ⚫]/Not Applicable [Complete for floating rate interest 
bearing A CDs only where the Reference Rate is specified as 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR] 
ISDA Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Overnight Rates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Compounding/Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Include Applicable for floating rate interest bearing A CDs 
only and where the Reference Rate is GBP-SONIA, USD-
SOFR, EUR-EuroSTR, CHF-SARON, HKD-HONIA, JPY 
TONA, SGD-SORA, AUD-AONIA or USD-Federal Funds 
and complete the line items in the rest of this section 
otherwise include Not Applicable] 
Compounding 
[Compounding with Lookback / Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift / Compounding with Lockout] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
Averaging 
[Averaging with Lookback / Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift / Averaging with Lockout]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Lookback 
[5] Applicable Business Days / [Not Applicable] 
[Delete this field if Compounding with Lookback or 
Averaging with Lookback is not selected or 
Compounding/Averaging is specified as Not Applicable.] 
Observation Period Shift 
[5] Observation Period Shift Business Days] [Not 
Applicable] 
[Delete this field and the "Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days" field if Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift is not selected or Compounding/Averaging is 
specified as Not Applicable.] 
Lockout: 
[5] Lockout Period Shift Business Days  
[Delete this field and "Lockout Period Business Days" 
field if Compounding with Lockout or Averaging with 
Lockout is not selected or Compounding/ Averaging is 
specified as Not Applicable.]

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
[This field is to specify the financial centre(s) for the 
purposes of the Lockout Business Days. If none are 
specified and Not Applicable is selected, the Lockout 
Business Days will be the Applicable Business Days (i.e. 
the rate business days). This field should be completed and 
the parties may wish to refer to the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix. As at December 2021 
the number of Lockout Period Business Days for 
Compounding with Lockout and Averaging with Lockout 
in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix has not yet been 
populated for any of GBP-SONIA, USD-SOFR, EUR-
EuroSTR, CHF-SARON, HKD-HONIA, JPY TONA, SGD-
SORA, AUD-AONIA or USD-Federal Funds. However, 
the default designation is 5 Lockout Period Business Days 
in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions. Note that 
when populated the Compounding/Averaging Matrix may 
not reflect the default designation] 
Term Rates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Include Applicable for floating rate interest bearing A CDs 
only and where the Reference Rate is EUR-EURIBOR, 
AUD-BBSW, HKD-HIBOR, JPY-TIBOR, SGD-SIBOR, 
otherwise include Not Applicable] 
OIS Compounding Rates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Include Applicable for floating rate interest bearing A 
CDs only where the Reference Rate is AUD-AONIA-OIS 
Compound, CHF-SARON-OIS Compound, EUR-EuroSTR-
OIS Compound, GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound, HKD-
HONIA-OIS Compound, JPY-TONA-OIS Compound, 
SGD-SORA-OIS Compound, USD-Federal Funds-OIS 
Compound or USD-SOFR-OIS Compound and complete 
the line items in the rest of this section, otherwise include 
Not Applicable] 
Calculation Period: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
[Needs to take into account the Fixing Date for the relevant 
Reference Rate specified in the Floating Rate Matrix] 
 
Reference Rate Determination Date: 
[5] Applicable Business Days / [Not Applicable] 
[Cannot be less than five Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Reset Date.] 
Zero Coupon 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to redemption 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Internal note: please notify the relevant clearing system five 
Business Days prior to the redemption of the A CDs) 
Redemption Commencement Date: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Redemption price(s): 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
Redemption period: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
Provisions relating to Extendible A CDs 
Extendible A CDs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If the Issuer Extension Option 
is to apply more than once, each relevant Extension Date 
should be included below] 
(Internal note: please notify the relevant clearing system five 
Business Days prior to the extension of the A CDs) 
[First] Extension Date: 
[⚫] 
[First] Extended Maturity Date: 
[⚫] [date or period] 
[First] Extension Notice Date: 
[⚫] 
[First] Exercise Deadline 
[⚫] 
 
General provisions 
New global form: 
[Yes/No]   
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
CDs are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the CDs will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] [include this text if "Yes" selected in which case the A 
CDs must be issued in new global form]. 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the A CDs are 
capable of meeting them the A CDs may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the A CDs will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
Distribution 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
Listing and admission to trading 
Listing: 
[Official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] 
[Unofficial market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange] 
[Official 
list 
of 
the 
Frankfurt 
Stock 
Exchange]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the A CDs to be admitted to 
trading on the [[Euro MTF] [Professional segment of the 
Euro 
MTF 
market] 
[and 
the] 
[regulated 
market] 
[Professional segment of the regulated market] of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange][[Unofficial 
market 
(Freiverkehr)][regulated market] of the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange] with effect from [⚫].] [Not Applicable.] 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
Yield: Indication of yield 
[Fixed rate A CDs only: [⚫] per annum]  
[Zero coupon A CDs only: [⚫] per annum] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Interests of natural and legal persons 
involved in the Programme: 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
Programme has an interest material to the Programme.]/[⚫] 
Historical interest rates: (Floating rate A CDs only) 
Details of historical Reference Rate 
can be found: 
[⚫] 
Operational Information 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]]. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] (specify)].  
Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients 
in Switzerland: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Relevant Benchmark[s] 
[Include if applicable: [Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name] [repeat as 
necessary]. [As at the date of these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear] [repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.] [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [insert benchmark(s): ●] [does/do] not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply], such that [administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – B CDs 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
(LEI: 8IBZUGJ7JPLH368JE346) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of B CDs] 
under the Certificate of Deposit Programme 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such in the Terms and Conditions of the B CDs set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 30 October 2024 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to 
the Base Prospectus dated [⚫]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the B CDs described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
Full information on the Issuer and the Programme is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at www.luxse.com and during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
Series Number: 
[⚫] 
Specified Currency: 
[⚫] 
Nominal Amount of B CDs: 
[⚫] 
Issue Price: 
[⚫] [Premium] [Discount] 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[⚫] 
Issue Date: 
[⚫] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[⚫]/[Issue Date]  
Maturity Date: 
[⚫] 
Interest Basis: 
[[⚫] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[specify reference rate] +/- [⚫] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[1/1 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (Bond)] [Actual/Actual (Euro)] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Actual/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/360 (ICMA)] [30/360 
(ISDA)]] 
Business Day: 
[Frankfurt]/[specify] 
Interest Amount Payable: 
Interest due will be rounded [up][down] to the nearest whole [
⚫]. 
Interest Period: 
[Adjusted] [Unadjusted] 
Provisions relating to interest (if any) payable 
Fixed rate provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Interest Rate: 
[[⚫] per cent. per annum]

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
[For Step-Up B CDs / Step-Down B CDs: [⚫] per cent. per annum 
commencing on (and including) [date] until (but not including) 
[date]  
[⚫] per cent. per annum commencing on (and including) [date] 
until (but not including) [date]  
[⚫] per cent. per annum commencing on (and including) [date] 
until (but not including) the Maturity Date]] 
Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[⚫] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
Floating rate provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Interest Rate: 
[The rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate for such Interest 
Period [plus]/[minus] [spread] per cent.] 
[For Step-Up B CDs / Step-Down B CDs: The rate per annum 
equal to the Reference Rate for such Interest Period 
[plus]/[minus] [spread] per cent. commencing on (and including) 
[date] until (but not including) [date] 
The rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate for such Interest 
Period [plus]/[minus] [spread] per cent. commencing on (and 
including) [date] until (but not including) [date] 
The rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate for such Interest 
Period [plus]/[minus] [spread] per cent. commencing on (and 
including) [date] until (but not including) Maturity Date]] 
Interest Period: 
[⚫] 
Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[⚫] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not 
Applicable/Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
Interest Reset Date[s]: 
[⚫] 
Reference Rate: 
[⚫]-month [EURIBOR] / [SOFR] / [SONIA] / [€STR] / [GBP-
SONIA] / [USD-SOFR] / [EUR-EuroSTR] / [CHF-SARON] / 
[HKD-HONIA] / [JPY-TONA] / [SGD-SORA] / [AUD-
AONIA] / [USD-Federal Funds] / [EUR-EURIBOR] / [AUD-
BBSW] / [HKD-HIBOR] / [JPY-TIBOR] / [SGD-SIBOR] / 
[AUD-AONIA-OIS 
Compound] 
/ 
[CHF-SARON-OIS 
Compound] / [EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound] / [GBP-SONIA-
OIS Compound] / [HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound] / [JPY-
TONA-OIS Compound] / [SGD-SORA-OIS Compound] / 
[USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound] / [USD-SOFR-OIS 
Compound]  
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
Screen Rate Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Reference Banks: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)/Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily 
(Index 
Determination)/Not 
Applicable] [Delete as appropriate. Complete for floating rate 
interest bearing B CDs only where the Reference Rate is 
specified as SONIA, SOFR or €STR. Compounded Daily (Index 
Determination) only available where the Reference Rate is 
specified as SONIA or SOFR.]  
Relevant Number: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable [Complete for floating rate interest bearing 
B CDs only where the Calculation Method is specified as 
Compounded Daily (Index Determination)] 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Shift/Not Applicable] [Delete as appropriate. 
Complete for floating rate interest bearing B CDs only where the 
Reference Rate is specified as SONIA, SOFR or €STR] 
Observation Look-back Period: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable [Complete for floating rate interest bearing 
B CDs only where the Reference Rate is specified as SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR and the Observation Method is specified as Lag 
or Shift. Cannot be less than five Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date.] 
Lock-out Date: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable [Complete for floating rate interest bearing 
B CDs only where the Reference Rate is specified as SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR and the Observation Method is specified as Lock-
out] 
p: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable [Cannot be less than five Business Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date.] 
D: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable [Complete for floating rate interest bearing 
B CDs only where the Reference Rate is specified as SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR] 
ISDA Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Compounding/Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[Include Applicable for floating rate interest bearing A CDs only 
and where the Reference Rate is GBP-SONIA, USD-SOFR, 
EUR-EuroSTR, CHF-SARON, HKD-HONIA, JPY TONA, SGD-
SORA, AUD-AONIA or USD-Federal Funds and complete the 
line items in the rest of this section, otherwise include Not 
Applicable] 
Compounding: 
[Compounding with Lookback / Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift / Compounding with Lockout] [Not Applicable]  
] 
Averaging: 
[Averaging with Lookback / Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift / Averaging with Lockout]/[Not Applicable]]  
 
Lookback: 
[5] Applicable Business Days / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
[Delete this field if Compounding with Lookback or Averaging 
with Lookback is not selected or Compounding/Averaging is 
specified as Not Applicable.] 
Observation Period Shift: 
[5] Observation Period Shift Business Days] [Not Applicable] 
[Delete this field and the "Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days" field if Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift or Averaging with Observation Period Shift is not 
selected or Compounding/Averaging is specified as Not 
Applicable.] 
Lockout: 
[5] Lockout Period Shift Business Days [Not Applicable] 
[Delete this field and "Lockout Period Business Days" field if 
Compounding with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout is not 
selected or Compounding/ Averaging is specified as Not 
Applicable.] 
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[⚫] / [Not Applicable] 
[This field is to specify the financial centre(s) for the purposes 
of the Lockout Business Days. If none are specified and Not 
Applicable is selected, the Lockout Business Days will be the 
Applicable Business Days (i.e. the rate business days). This 
field should be completed and the parties may wish to refer to 
the Compounding/Averaging Matrix. As at December 2021 the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days for Compounding 
with Lockout and Averaging with Lockout in the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix has not yet been populated 
for any of GBP-SONIA, USD-SOFR, EUR-EuroSTR, CHF-
SARON, HKD-HONIA, JPY TONA, SGD-SORA, AUD-AONIA 
or USD-Federal Funds. However, the default designation is 5 
Lockout Period Business Days in accordance with the 2021 
ISDA Definitions. Note that when populated the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix may not reflect the default 
designation] 
Term Rates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
[Include Applicable for floating rate interest bearing B CDs 
only and where the Reference Rate is EUR-EURIBOR, AUD-
BBSW, HKD-HIBOR, JPY-TIBOR, SGD-SIBOR, otherwise 
include Not Applicable] 
 
OIS Compounding Rates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Include Applicable for floating rate interest bearing B CDs 
only where the Reference Rate is AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound, 
CHF-SARON-OIS Compound, EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound, 
GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound, HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound, 
JPY-TONA-OIS Compound, SGD-SORA-OIS Compound, USD-
Federal Funds-OIS Compound or USD-SOFR-OIS Compound 
and complete the line items in the rest of this section, otherwise 
include Not Applicable]

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Calculation Period: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
[Needs to take into account the Fixing Date for the relevant 
Reference Rate specified in the Floating Rate Matrix] 
Reference Rate Determination 
Date: 
[5] Applicable Business Days / [Not Applicable] 
[Cannot be less than five Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Reset Date.] 
Zero Coupon 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
Provisions relating to redemption 
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(Internal note: please notify the relevant clearing system five 
Business Days prior to the redemption of the B CDs) 
Redemption Commencement 
Date:  
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
Redemption price(s): 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
Redemption period: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
Provisions relating to Extendible B CDs 
Extendible B CDs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If the Issuer Extension Option is to 
apply more than once, each relevant Extension Date should be 
included below] 
(Internal note: please notify the relevant clearing system five 
Business Days prior to the extension of the B CDs) 
[First] Extension Date: 
[⚫] 
[First] Extended Maturity Date: 
[⚫] [date or period] 
[First] Extension Notice Date: 
[⚫] 
[First] Exercise Deadline 
[⚫] 
 
General provisions 
 
New global form: 
[Yes/No]  
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the B 
CDs are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the B CDs will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[include this text if "Yes" selected in which case the B CDs must 
be issued in new global form].  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
amended in the future such that the B CDs are capable of meeting 
them the B CDs may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the B CDs will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
Distribution 
 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
Listing and admission to trading 
Listing: 
[Official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] [Unofficial 
market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange] [Official 
list of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange /[Not Applicable] 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the B CDs to be admitted to 
trading on the [[Euro MTF] [Professional segment of the Euro 
MTF market] [and the][regulated market] [Professional segment 
of the regulated market] of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange][[ 
Unofficial market (Freiverkehr)][regulated market] of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange] with effect from [ ⚫]] [Not 
Applicable.] 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[⚫]/Not Applicable 
Indication of yield [fixed 
rate/zero coupon B CDs only]: 
[⚫] per annum 
Historical interest rates: (Floating rate B CDs only) 
Details of historical Reference 
Rate can be found: 
[⚫] 
Interests of natural and legal 
persons involved in the 
Programme: 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
Programme has an interest material to the Programme.]/[⚫] 
Use of proceeds and 
estimated net proceeds  
 
Use of proceeds: 
[⚫] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus / Give Details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if reasons 
for offer differ from what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, 
give details here.) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[⚫] 
Operational Information 
 
ISIN Code: 
[⚫] 
Common Code: 
[⚫] 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
[Not Applicable/[⚫]].

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[⚫] (specify)].  
Prohibition of offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Relevant Benchmark[s] 
[Include if applicable: [Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name] [repeat as 
necessary]. [As at the date of these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear] [repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation.] [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [insert benchmark(s): ●] [does/do] not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] [the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer is free in the use of proceeds from the 
issue of CDs and not obliged to invest the proceeds in any specific asset. The Issuer intends to use the 
net proceeds from the issue of CDs for its general corporate purposes.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
TAXATION 
Tax Warning  
The tax legislation of the Member State of the investor and of the Member State of incorporation of the 
Issuer may affect the income generated by the CDs.  
Each potential investor should seek advice from a representative of the tax advisory profession with 
respect to the tax implication of acquiring, holding and selling the CDs.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
FORM OF THE GLOBAL CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT 
The securities covered hereby have not been registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, US persons. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
GLOBAL [A] [B] CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT 
1. 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE (the "Issuer") certifies that a sum has been deposited with it 
upon terms that on the Maturity Date as set out in the final terms and the terms and conditions 
attached hereto (the "Final Terms"), or such earlier date or dates as the same may become 
payable in accordance with the Final Terms, the Nominal Amount set out in the Final Terms is 
payable to the bearer together with interest thereon at the rate and at the times (if any) specified 
in the Final Terms. Terms defined in the Final Terms attached hereto but not otherwise defined 
in this Global [A][B] Certificate of Deposit (the "Global [A][B] CD")] shall have the same 
meaning in this Global [A][B] CD. If the Final Terms specify that the CDs are Extendible CDs 
and the Issuer Extension Option is applicable, the references herein to Maturity Date shall be to 
the then current Maturity Date as further provided in the Final Terms. 
2. 
The Final Terms (including the terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") attached 
to this Global [A][B] CD apply to these Certificates of Deposit. There is no right to request the 
printing and delivery of definitive Certificates of Deposit.  
3. 
[If New Global CD insert: The aggregate principal amount of Certificates of Deposit represented 
by this Global [A][B] CD shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records 
of each of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. (each a "Relevant Clearing 
System" and together, the "Relevant Clearing Systems"), which shall be completed and/or 
amended, as the case may be, upon (i) the issue of [A][B] Certificates of Deposit represented 
hereby and (ii) the redemption or purchase and cancellation of [A][B] Certificates of Deposit 
represented hereby, all as described below. The records of the Relevant Clearing Systems 
(which expression in this Global [A][B] CD means the records that each Relevant Clearing 
System holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the [A][B] 
Certificates of Deposit) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate principal amount of the 
[A][B] Certificates of Deposit represented by this Global [A][B] CD and, for these purposes, a 
statement issued by a Relevant Clearing System (which statement shall be made available to the 
bearer upon request) stating the aggregate principal amount of [A][B] Certificates of Deposit 
represented by this Global [A][B] CD at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of 
such Relevant Clearing System at that time. If any redemption is made in respect of, or 
cancellation of, any of the [A][B] Certificates of Deposit represented by this Global [A][B] CD, 
the Issuer shall procure that details of such redemption or cancellation (as the case may be) shall 
be entered pro rata in the records of the Relevant Clearing Systems and, upon any such entry 
being made, the aggregate principal amount of the [A][B] Certificates of Deposit recorded in 
the records of the Relevant Clearing Systems and represented by this Global [A][B] CD shall 
be reduced by the aggregate principal amount of the [A][B] Certificates of Deposit so redeemed 
or cancelled. Payments due in respect of [A][B] Certificates of Deposit for the time being 
represented by this Global [A][B] CD shall be made to the bearer of this Global [A][B] CD and 
each payment so made will discharge the Issuer's obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to 
make the entries referred to above shall not affect such discharge.]  
4. 
This Global [A][B] CD and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Federal Republic 
of Germany. 
5. 
This Global [A][B] CD shall not be validly issued unless [If Classical Global [A][B] CD insert: 
authenticated by manual control signatures of persons duly instructed by the Issuing Agent.][If 
New Global [A][B] CD insert: authenticated by manual control signatures of persons duly 
instructed by the Issuing Agent and effectuated by signatures of persons duly instructed by the 
Common Safekeeper.]

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
Signed on behalf of: 
 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
 
Signed on behalf of: 
 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
 
By: ________________________________ 
(Authorised Signatory)  
By: ________________________________ 
(Authorised Signatory)  
 
 
AUTHENTICATED as Issuing  
and Paying Agent by  
DEUTSCHE BANK AG  
without recourse, warranty or liability and for 
authentication purposes only 
By: ________________________________ 
(Authorised Signatory) 
 
 
 
 
 
[EFFECTUATED by or on behalf of the Common 
Safekeeper] 
[COMMON SAFEKEEPER] 
as Common Safekeeper 
 
By: ________________________________ 
(Authorised Signatory) 
[For the purposes of effectuation only]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE  
Save for the approval of this Base Prospectus as a Base Prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation by the CSSF, no action has been or will be taken by the Issuer that would permit 
a public offering of the CDs or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to the CDs 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. No offers or sales of any CDs, or distribution 
of any offering material relating to the CDs, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in 
circumstances, which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and will not 
impose any obligation on the Issuer. 
The United States of America 
The CDs have not been nor will be registered under the Securities Act and the CDs may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Issuer will offer and 
sell, CDs only outside the United States to non-US persons in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation 
S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). Accordingly, neither the Issuer nor its affiliates nor any 
person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect 
to the CDs and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. At or prior to 
confirmation of sale of CDs, the Issuer will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a 
selling commission, fee or other remuneration that purchases CDs from it a confirmation or notice to 
substantially the following effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, US persons. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act." 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
The Issuer represents and agrees, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any CDs which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended or superseded, "MiFID II"); or 
b) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, 
the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or 
superseded, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the CDs to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the CDs. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of the CDs in any member state of 
the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the CDs. Accordingly, any person making or 
intending to make an offer in any such member state of the CDs which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those CDs 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. The Issuer has not authorised,

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
nor does it authorise, the making of any offer of CDs in circumstances in which an obligation arises for 
the Issuer to publish a prospectus for such offer. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
The Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any CDs which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") and the regulations made under the EUWA; or 
b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
the regulations made under the EUWA; or 
c) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue the EUWA and the regulations made 
under the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the CDs to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the CDs. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of the CDs in the United Kingdom 
will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of the CDs. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an 
offer in the United Kingdom of the CDs which are the subject of the offering contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those CDs may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 
of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation, in 
each case, in relation to such offer. the Issuer has not authorised, nor does it authorise, the making of any 
offer of CDs in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer to publish a prospectus for such 
offer. 
The United Kingdom 
The Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any CDs which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any CDs other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
CDs would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
CDs in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such CDs in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Switzerland 
The Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make a public offer of CDs to private 
clients in Switzerland. The Issuer has not authorised and does not authorise any offer of CDs which 
would require the Issuer to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 35 of the Swiss Federal Financial 
Services Act ("FinSA") in respect of such offer. For the purposes of this provision, the expression "public 
offer" refers to the respective definitions in article 3 lit. g and h FinSA and as further detailed in the 
implementing Financial Services Ordinance ("FinSO").

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Corporate Authorisation The establishment of the Programme and the issue of the CDs has been 
authorised pursuant to a resolution of the executive board of the Issuer dated 9 June 2022. 
Clearing Systems 
The CDs have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
common code and the ISIN for each Series of CDs will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard Du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A. 42 Avenue J. F. 
Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. 
Listing and Admission to Trading  
If indicated in the applicable Final Terms, application has been made for the CDs issued under this Base 
Prospectus (i) to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to 
trading on the Euro MTF or the professional segment of the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange which is a multilateral trading facility for the purposes of MiFID II, (ii) to be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market or 
the professional segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II; (iii) to be listed and admitted to trading on the unofficial 
market (Freiverkehr) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange; which is a multilateral trading facility for the 
purposes of MiFID II, and (iv) to be listed on the official list of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the official list of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, which is 
a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
If the Issuer exercises its Issuer Extension Option, the relevant Extendible A CDs or Extendible B CDs 
will be non-transferable in the period between the relevant Exercise Deadline and the relevant Extension 
Date. Extendible A CDs will be unlisted. 
As long as any CDs are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the Euro MTF or the professional segment of the Euro MTF of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market or the professional segment of the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or are listed and admitted to trading on the Freiverkehr 
of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and/or are listed on the official list of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, the Issuer will maintain a 
listing agent in Luxembourg.  
In relation to CDs which are admitted to trading on a regulated market, all notices concerning the CDs 
shall be published in the Federal Gazette (Bundesanzeiger). In relation to the CDs which are admitted to 
listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and if and for so long as the rules of that 
stock exchange so require, notices to the holders will also be made through publication on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  
Secondary Market 
The Issuer and its affiliates will not make a market in the A CDs after the initial offering. Neither the 
Issuer nor any other affiliate of the Issuer will have any obligation to make a market in the A CDs after 
the initial offering and purchase and sell the A CDs as principal and any such market-making, if 
commenced, may be discontinued at any time without notice. There can be no assurance that the A CDs 
offered hereby will not be sold or that there will be a secondary market for the A CDs. Even if a secondary 
market develops, the secondary market price received in exchange for the A CDs may be less than the 
Issue Price for such A CDs. Any purchases or sales of A CDs by the issuer will be as principal. 
Goldman Sachs International or any other affiliate of the Issuer may use this Base Prospectus to resell B 
CDs in market-making transactions from time to time but neither the Issuer nor Goldman Sachs 
International nor any other affiliate of the Issuer will have any obligation to make a market in the B CDs 
after the initial offering and purchase and any such market-making, if commenced, may be discontinued 
at any time without notice.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Yield 
In relation to any series of fixed rate CDs, an indication of yield in respect of such CDs will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated as the issue date of the CDs on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the issue date of 
the CDs and will not be an indication of future yield.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm  
Taunusanlage 9-10  
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany   
 
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE ISSUER 
Hogan Lovells International LLP 
 
Große Gallusstraße 18 
60312 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
AUDITORS 
Independent Auditors of the Issuer 
Mazars GmbH & Co. KG  
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft Steuerberatungsgesellschaft 
Theodor-Stern-Kai 1 
60596 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany