--- Page 1 ---
1 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL BANK  
incorporated with unlimited liability in England 
as Issuer 
UNLIMITED 
Certificate of Deposit Programme 
in respect of STEP compliant "A" Certificates of Deposit and non-STEP 
compliant "B" Certificates of Deposit 
This Programme has been rated by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Moody's Investors Services, Inc. and S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited 
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL 
GOLDMAN SACHS BANK EUROPE SE 
as Dealers 
DEUTSCHE BANK AG, LONDON BRANCH 
as Issue and Paying Agent  
This Base Prospectus is dated 9 March 2023 
Disclaimer clauses for Dealers and Issue and Paying Agent 
See the section entitled "Important Notice" on pages 2 to 5 of this Base Prospectus 
An investment in CDs under the Programme involves certain risks 
See "Risk Factors" on pages 13 to 32 for a discussion of certain factors to be considered in connection 
with any investment in the CDs.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
The Issuer, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to 
time issue STEP-compliant certificates of deposit with a maturity of not more than 364 days from and 
including the date of issue to but excluding the maturity date or, in the case of extendible CDs, the Final 
Maturity Date (as defined herein) (the "A CDs") and non-STEP compliant certificates of deposit with a 
maturity that exceeds 364 days from and including the date of issue to but excluding the maturity date 
or, in the case of extendible CDs, the Final Maturity Date (the "B CDs" and, together with the A CDs, 
the "CDs") under the programme (the "Programme") as described in this base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus"). 
Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") in its 
capacity as competent authority under the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for 
securities (loi relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) (the "Prospectus Act 2019") and for the 
purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
(as amended or superseded, the "EU Prospectus Regulation") to approve this document as a base 
prospectus in respect of the B CDs. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus 
Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality 
of the B CDs that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in any such B CDs. By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF shall 
give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the quality or solvency 
of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Prospectus Act 2019.  This document constitutes a 
base prospectus in respect of the B CDs for the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation 
and should be read together with any supplements thereto, all documents incorporated by reference herein 
and any final terms ("Final Terms"). 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange to approve this document as an 
alleviated prospectus (prospectus allégé) in respect of the A CDs. This document constitutes (i) an 
alleviated prospectus (prospectus allégé) in respect of the A CDs for the purposes of Part III of the 
Prospectus Act 2019 and (ii) an information memorandum in respect of A CDs for the purposes of the 
Short-Term European Paper ("STEP") Initiative. 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the A CDs and the B CDs issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or superseded, "MiFID II"). The Issuer may also issue 
unlisted A CDs and unlisted B CDs and/or A CDs and B CDs not admitted to trading on any market. 
Any Extendible A CDs (as defined herein) will be unlisted. 
The expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any of the CDs, the information necessary 
to enable investors in such notes to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the CDs. In relation 
to the different types of CDs that may be issued under the programme, the Issuer has included in this 
Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except for information which is not known at the date 
of this Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of the CDs. 
Any information relating to the CDs which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required 
in order to complete the necessary information in relation to an issue of the CDs will be contained either 
in the relevant Final Terms, in a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus for the 
Programme. For issues of CDs which are the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the 
purposes of that issue only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering or sale and delivery of the 
CDs in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus 
or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such 
restrictions. Subject to certain exceptions, the CDs may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States of America or to US persons. The CDs have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or under 
the securities or blue sky laws of any state. Neither the US Securities and Exchange Commission nor any

--- Page 3 ---
3 
other regulatory body has approved or disapproved of the CDs or passed upon the accuracy or inaccuracy 
of this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus is not for use in, and may not be delivered to or inside, the 
United States. 
This Base Prospectus or any Final Terms do not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to 
buy, any CDs offered hereby by any person in any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful for such person to 
make such an offer or solicitation. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the delivery of any 
Final Terms nor any sale made hereunder shall under any circumstances imply that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial situation of the issuer since the date hereof or, as the case may be, the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented. 
In accordance with the STEP Initiative, this Programme will be submitted to the STEP Secretariat in 
order to apply for the STEP label in respect of the A CDs. The STEP label will not apply to the B CDs. 
The status of STEP compliance of this Programme can be determined from the STEP Market website 
(www.stepmarket.org). This website is not sponsored by the Issuer and the Issuer is not responsible for 
its content or availability. The CSSF expresses no opinion on the STEP label. Certain prescribed 
information required by the STEP label is included in the sections entitled "Information concerning the 
Issuer's request for a STEP label" and "Certification of information". 
In relation to CDs listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, this Base Prospectus is 
valid for a period of twelve months after its date of approval until 9 March 2024. The Issuer has 
undertaken, in connection with the listing of the CDs, that if there shall occur any material adverse change 
in the financial condition or operations of the Issuer or any modification or amendment to the terms and 
conditions of the CDs such that this Base Prospectus would be inaccurate or misleading, the Issuer will 
prepare and make available a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a further base prospectus for the 
Programme for any subsequent issue of CDs to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. Where information contained 
in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party, such information has been accurately 
reproduced and so far as issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third 
party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term debt credit rating of A+ and a short-term debt credit rating of 
A-1 by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"); a long-term debt credit rating of A+ and a short-
term debt credit rating of F1 by Fitch Ratings, Inc. ("Fitch"); and a long-term debt credit rating of A1 
and a short-term debt credit rating of P-1 by Moody's Investors Services, Inc. ("Moody's").  
The credit ratings of the Issuer referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by S&P, Fitch and 
Moody's, of which only S&P is registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended or 
superseded (the "EU CRA Regulation"). S&P is established in Ireland and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. S&P Global Ratings UK Limited currently endorses credit 
ratings issued by S&P for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") and the regulations made under the EUWA, as amended (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is established in the United Kingdom, has 
been registered under the UK CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA") on its website in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. There can be no assurance that S&P Global Ratings UK Limited will continue to 
endorse credit ratings issued by S&P. Neither Fitch nor Moody's is established in the European Union or 
the United Kingdom, and neither is registered under the EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation. 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited currently endorses credit ratings published by Fitch and Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH currently endorses credit ratings issued by Moody's for regulatory purposes in the 
European Union in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established 
in Ireland and Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established in Germany and each has been registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its 
website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. There can be no assurance that Fitch Ratings Ireland

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Limited and Moody's Deutschland GmbH will continue to endorse credit ratings issued by Fitch and 
Moody's, respectively. Fitch Ratings Ltd currently endorses credit ratings published by Fitch and 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd currently endorses credit ratings issued by Moody's for regulatory 
purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Ltd and 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd are each established in the United Kingdom and each has been registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the FCA 
on its website in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. There can be no assurance that Fitch Ratings 
Ltd and Moody's Investors Service Ltd will continue to endorse credit ratings issued by Fitch and 
Moody's, respectively.   
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes in the 
European Union if such rating is not either (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered with ESMA under the EU CRA Regulation or, (2) in the case of ratings issued by 
third country non-EU credit rating agencies, either endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or 
the relevant non-EU credit rating agency is certified under the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). 
Furthermore, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
if such rating is not either (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or, (2) in the case of ratings issued by third country non-UK 
credit rating agencies, either endorsed by a UK registered credit rating agency or issued by a third country 
credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. This is subject, in each 
case, to the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been 
withdrawn or suspended. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
The Issuer has appointed Goldman Sachs International and Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE as dealers 
in respect of the CDs pursuant to a dealer agreement dated on or around 9 March 2023 (together with 
further dealers appointed under the Programme from time to time, the "Dealers") under the Programme 
and authorised and requested the Dealers to circulate this Base Prospectus in connection with the 
Programme on its behalf to purchasers or potential purchasers of the CDs. Every offering of CDs will be 
designed, distributed and monitored in accordance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements 
(including any product governance requirements). 
Benchmarks Regulation 
Amounts payable under the CDs may be calculated or otherwise determined by reference to certain 
reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 (as amended, the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") or Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation"), as applicable.  
Not every reference rate will fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation. Furthermore, transitional provisions in the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not 
required to appear in either in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register") or by the 
FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation (the "UK Register").  The following 
paragraphs specify the status of the administrator of the reference rates referred to in this Base Prospectus 
as at the date of hereof.  The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
or the UK Benchmarks Regulation is, however, a matter of public record and, save where required by 
applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in 
the registration status of the administrator. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, each of the Bank of England (as administrator of the Sterling 
Overnight Index Average rate as a reference rate itself and as the underlying benchmark of "GBP-
SONIA" and "GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative 
Definitions (the "2021 ISDA Definitions")), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (as administrator 
of the Secured Overnight Funding Rate as a reference rate itself and the underlying benchmark of "USD-
SOFR", "USD-Federal Funds", "USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound" and "USD-SOFR-OIS 
Compound" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)), the European Central Bank (as administrator of  
the Euro Short-Term Rate as a reference rate itself and as the underlying benchmark of "EUR-EuroSTR" 
and "EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)), the Swiss Stock

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Exchange (as administrator of the Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the underlying benchmark of "CHF-
SARON" and "CHF-SARON-OIS Compound" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)), the Treasury 
Market Association (as administrator of the Hong Kong Dollar Index Average rate as the underlying 
benchmark of "HKD-HONIA" and "HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)), the Bank of Japan (as administrator of the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate as the underlying 
benchmark of "JPY-TONA" and "JPY-TONA-OIS Compound" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions), the Monetary Authority of Singapore (as administrator of the Singapore Overnight Rate 
Average as the underlying benchmark of "SGD-SORA" and "SGD-SORA-OIS Compound" (as defined 
in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) and the Reserve Bank of Australia (as administrator of the Australian 
Dollar interbank overnight cash rate as the underlying benchmark of "AUD-AONIA", "AUD-BBSW" 
and "AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound" (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) are not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or 
Article 36 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation and such reference rates do not fall within the scope of the 
EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (European 
Money Markets Institute) and the administrator of the Singapore Interbank Offered Rate (ABS 
Benchmarks Administration Co Pte Ltd) as the underlying benchmark of "SGD-SIBOR" (as defined in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions) are each included in both the ESMA Register and the UK Register. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of the Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate (The Hong 
Kong Association of Banks) as the underlying benchmark of "HKD-HIBOR" (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) and the administrator of the Japanese Yen Tokyo Interbank Offered Rate (The 
Japanese Bankers Association) as the underlying benchmark of "JPY-TIBOR" (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions) are not included in either the ESMA Register or the UK Register.  
Presentation of Information 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "US 
dollars", "USD" and "US$" are to the lawful currency of the United States; references to "Sterling" and 
"£" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom; and references to "euro" and "€" are to the single 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant 
to the treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. Certain monetary 
amounts included in this base prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that 
precede them.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICE ......................................................................................................................... 2
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................. 7
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................. 13
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................... 33
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................... 35
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ....................................................................................... 39
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S REQUEST FOR A STEP LABEL ..................... 42
CERTIFICATION OF INFORMATION ............................................................................................. 43
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE A CDS .................................................................................. 44
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE B CDS ................................................................................... 67
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – A CDS .................................................................................................. 89
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – B CDs ................................................................................................... 96
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 103
TAXATION ....................................................................................................................................... 104
FORM OF THE GLOBAL A CDS .................................................................................................... 107
FORM OF THE GLOBAL B CDS .................................................................................................... 114
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................... 121
GENERAL INFORMATION............................................................................................................. 124

--- Page 7 ---
7 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description provides a general overview of the Programme for the purposes of Article 
25.1(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the EU Prospectus 
Regulation, should be read as an introduction to the Base Prospectus, and is qualified in its entirety by 
the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in the Base Prospectus, including the documents 
incorporated by reference and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular issuances of 
CDs, the applicable Final Terms. Terms used in the following section but not defined have the meanings 
given to them elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Name of the Programme 
Goldman Sachs International Bank Certificate of Deposit 
Programme. 
Type of Programme 
Certificates of Deposit Programme. 
A CDs 
Certificates of Deposit, STEP compliant.  
B CDs 
Certificates of Deposit, non-STEP compliant. 
Name of the Issuer 
Goldman Sachs International Bank.  
Type of Issuer 
Monetary financial institution. 
Purpose of the Programme 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
net proceeds of the issue of the CDs will be used by the 
Issuer for general banking purposes. 
Programme Size (ceiling) 
Unlimited. 
Contact Details 
Email: gs-CAF-ldn@gs.com 
Telephone: + 44 (0)20 7051 5967 
Additional 
information 
on 
the 
Programme 
Extendible CDs: 
The initial Maturity Date of the CDs may be extended at 
the option of the Issuer if specified in the Final Terms. 
Issue Price:  
The issue price of each CD (the "Issue Price") will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, 
each CD will be redeemed at 100 per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount of such CD on the Maturity Date, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Optional Redemption: 
The CDs may be redeemed before their Maturity Date, or 
in case of Extendible CDs their Final Maturity Date, at the 
option of the Issuer, in whole or in part, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Issuer will also have the 
option to redeem the CDs in the event of a change in law 
or it becomes unlawful for it to perform any of its 
obligations under the CDs. 
Final Terms: 
Each tranche of CDs will be issued on the terms set out in 
the Terms and Conditions of the A CDs or B CDs, as 
applicable, as completed by the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
Risk Factors: 
Investment in the CDs may involve a certain degree of risk. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the CDs, are set out in 
the section headed "Risk Factors" on pages 13 to 32 of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Auditor of the Issuer, who has 
audited the accounts of the Issuer’s 
Annual Report 
In respect of the period ended 31 December 2020: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
1 Embankment Place 
London WC2N 6RH 
United Kingdom 
In respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2021: 
Mazars LLP  
Tower Bridge House 
St Katharine's Dock 
London E1W 1DD 
United Kingdom 
Information on A CDs 
Characteristics and Form of A CDs 
A CDs will be in bearer form and each issue of A CDs will 
initially be represented by one or more global CDs (each, 
a "Global A CD" and together, the "Global A CDs"). A 
Global A CD will be exchangeable into definitive A CDs 
only in the limited circumstances set out in that Global A 
CD. 
Application will be made to the STEP Secretariat in order 
to apply for the STEP label in respect of the A CDs.  
Yield Basis 
A CDs may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. 
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate 
and will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  A CDs may be issued at a discount 
or premium as specified in the applicable Final Terms.
Currencies of Issue of the A CDs 
A CDs may be denominated in euro, Sterling, US dollars 
or any other currency subject to compliance with any 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Maturity of the A CDs 
The tenor of the A CDs shall be 364 days or less from and 
including the date of issue to but excluding the Final 
Maturity Date, subject to compliance with any applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements. 
Minimum Issuance Amount  
At least EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other 
currency). 
Minimum Denomination of the A 
CDs 
The minimum denomination of each A CD will be EUR 
100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency) unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
integral multiples of amounts as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (subject in each case to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements).  
Status of the A CDs 
A 
CDs 
shall 
represent 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and

--- Page 9 ---
9 
shall at all times rank pari passu with all other present and 
future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations for funds 
borrowed or guaranteed by the Issuer (other than in the 
case of obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of 
law). 
Governing Law that applies to the A 
CDs 
A CDs, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with A CDs, will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for A CDs to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market. The Issuer may also issue A CDs that are 
unlisted. 
Settlement System  
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
("Euroclear") 
and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream") and/or or any 
other clearing system as may be specified in the Final 
Terms (the "Relevant Clearing Systems"). 
Ratings of the Programme 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme has 
been rated by Fitch, Moody's and S&P.  
S&P is established in Ireland and is registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation. S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is 
established in the United Kingdom and has been registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited currently endorses credit ratings issued by S&P for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation, however there can be no 
assurance that S&P Global Ratings UK Limited will 
continue to endorse credit ratings issued by S&P. 
Neither Fitch nor Moody's is established in the European 
Union or the United Kingdom and neither is registered 
under EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation. 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited currently endorses credit 
ratings published by Fitch and Moody's Deutschland 
GmbH currently endorses credit ratings issued by Moody's 
for regulatory purposes in the European Union in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited is established in Ireland and Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH is established in Germany and each 
has been registered under the EU CRA Regulation and is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. There can be no assurance that Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited and Moody's Deutschland GmbH will 
continue to endorse credit ratings issued by Fitch and 
Moody's, respectively. Fitch Ratings Ltd currently 
endorses credit ratings published by Fitch and Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd currently endorses credit ratings 
issued by Moody's for regulatory purposes in the United 
Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Fitch Ratings Ltd and Moody's Investors Service Ltd are 
each established in the United Kingdom and each has been 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the FCA 
on its website in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
There can be no assurance that Fitch Ratings Ltd and

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Moody's Investors Service Ltd will continue to endorse 
credit ratings issued by Fitch and Moody's, respectively. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the relevant rating agency. 
Guarantor(s) 
None. 
Issuing and Paying Agent  
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Arranger  
Not Applicable.  
Dealer  
Goldman Sachs International and Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE. The Issuer may also appoint additional dealers 
under the Programme from time to time. 
Selling Restrictions 
Offers and sales of A CDs and the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and other information relating to the Issuer and 
the A CDs are subject to certain restrictions, details of 
which are set out under "Subscription and Sale" on pages 
121 to 123 of this Base Prospectus. 
Taxation 
All payments under A CDs will be made free and clear of 
withholding for or on account of any taxes imposed by the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer (being, as of the 
date hereof, the United Kingdom) or any jurisdiction 
through or from which payments by or on behalf of the 
Issuer are made, save as set out in paragraphs 6 and 7 of 
the Form of Global A CD. For a description of the United 
Kingdom and United States tax analysis of the CDs, see 
"Taxation" on pages 104 to 106 of this Base Prospectus. 
Information on B CDs 
Characteristics and Form of B CDs 
B CDs will be in bearer form and each issue of B CDs will 
initially be represented by one or more global B CDs (each, 
a "Global B CD" and together, the "Global B CDs"). A 
Global B CD will be exchangeable into definitive B CDs 
only in the limited circumstances set out in that Global B 
CD. 
The STEP label will not apply to the B CDs. 
Yield Basis 
B CDs may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. 
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate 
and will be determined in the manner specified in the Final 
Terms. A CDs may be issued at a discount or premium as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
In the case of the B CDs, the applicable Final Terms will 
state whether the B CDs will include an interest step-up 
provision or an interest step-down provision, in which case 
the rate of interest in respect of the B CDs may increase 
("Step-Up B CDs") or decrease ("Step-Down B CDs") as 
the term of the CDs progresses, on dates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies of Issue of the B CDs 
B CDs may be denominated in euro, Sterling, US dollars 
or any other currency subject to compliance with any 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Maturity of the B CDs 
The tenor of the B CDs shall be more than 364 days from 
and including the date of issue to but excluding the Final 
Maturity Date, subject to compliance with any applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements. 
Minimum Issuance Amount  
At least EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other 
currency). 
Minimum Denomination of the B 
CDs 
The minimum denomination of each B CD will be EUR 
100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency) unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
integral multiples of amounts as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (subject in each case to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory requirements). For any B 
CDs admitted to trading on the regulated market on 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the minimum denomination 
of each CD will not be less than EUR 100,000 (or the 
equivalent in any other currency). 
Status of the B CDs 
B 
CDs 
shall 
represent 
direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and 
shall at all times rank pari passu with all other present and 
future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations for funds 
borrowed or guaranteed by the Issuer (other than in the 
case of obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of 
law). 
Governing Law that applies to the B 
CDs 
B CDs, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with B CDs, will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Application has been made for B CDs to be listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market. The Issuer may also issue B CDs that are 
unlisted. 
Settlement System  
Euroclear and/or Clearstream and/or or any other clearing 
system as may be specified in the Final Terms. 
Ratings of the Programme  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Programme has 
been rated by Fitch, Moody's and S&P.  
S&P is established in Ireland and is registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation. S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is 
established in the United Kingdom and has been registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. S&P Global Ratings UK 
Limited currently endorses credit ratings issued by S&P for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance 
with the UK CRA Regulation, however there can be no 
assurance that S&P Global Ratings UK Limited will 
continue to endorse credit ratings issued by S&P. 
Neither Fitch nor Moody's is (i) established in the 
European Union nor registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation, nor (ii) established in the United Kingdom nor 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited currently endorses credit ratings published 
by Fitch and Moody's Deutschland GmbH currently 
endorses credit ratings issued by Moody's for regulatory 
purposes in the European Union in accordance with the EU

--- Page 12 ---
12 
CRA Regulation. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is 
established in Ireland and Moody's Deutschland GmbH is 
established in Germany and each has been registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation and is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. There can be no 
assurance that Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH will continue to endorse credit ratings 
issued by Fitch and Moody's, respectively. Fitch Ratings 
Ltd currently endorses credit ratings published by Fitch 
and Moody's Investors Service Ltd currently endorses 
credit ratings issued by Moody's for regulatory purposes in 
the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Fitch Ratings Ltd and Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd are each established in the United Kingdom 
and each has been registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation and is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the FCA on its website in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. There can be no 
assurance that Fitch Ratings Ltd and Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd will continue to endorse credit ratings issued 
by Fitch and Moody's, respectively. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the relevant rating agency. 
Guarantor(s) 
None. 
Issuing and Paying Agent  
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Arranger  
Not Applicable.  
Dealer  
Goldman Sachs International and Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE. The Issuer may also appoint additional dealers 
under the Programme from time to time. 
Selling Restrictions 
Offers and sales of B CDs and the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and other information relating to the Issuer and 
the B CDs are subject to certain restrictions, details of 
which are set out under "Subscription and Sale" on pages 
121 to 123 of this Base Prospectus. 
Taxation 
All payments under B CDs will be made free and clear of 
withholding for or on account of any taxes imposed by the 
jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer (being, as of the 
date hereof, the United Kingdom) or any jurisdiction 
through or from which payments by or on behalf of the 
Issuer are made, save as set out in paragraphs 6 and 7 of 
the Form of Global B CD. For a description of the United 
Kingdom and United States tax analysis of the CDs, see 
"Taxation" on pages 104 to 106 of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
RISK FACTORS 
This Base Prospectus describes the material risks that are specific to the Issuer and the CDs and that 
may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the CDs. This Base Prospectus does not 
describe all of the risks of an investment in the CDs. The Issuer disclaims any responsibility to advise 
investors of such risks as they change from time to time. Further, the Issuer makes no representations as 
to (i) the suitability of any CDs for any particular investor, (ii) the appropriate accounting treatment or 
possible tax consequences of an investment in any CDs or (iii) the expected performance of any CDs, 
either in absolute terms or relative to competing investments. Prospective CD holders should obtain their 
own independent accounting, tax and legal advice and should consult their own professional investment 
adviser to ascertain the suitability of the CDs as an investment and should conduct such independent 
investigation and analysis regarding the risks and cash-flows associated with the CDs as they deem 
appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the CDs. In particular, prospective CD 
holders should note that an investment in the CDs is only suitable for persons who (i) have the knowledge 
and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the information 
contained in the Base Prospectus and Final Terms and the risks of the CDs in the context of their own 
financial, tax and regulatory circumstances and investment objectives; (ii) are able to bear the economic 
risk of an investment in the CDs for an indefinite period of time; and (iii) are acquiring the CDs for their 
own account for investment, not with a view to resale.  
A. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE CDS 
1.
Risks related to the lack of security or collateral, deposit protection or any parent company 
or group guarantee or support 
The CDs are not eligible for deposit protection under the FSCS. 
Banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions in the UK are subject to the Financial 
Services Compensation Scheme (the "FSCS"), which operates when an authorised firm is unable or is 
likely to be unable to meet claims made against it because of its financial circumstances. Most deposits 
made with the Issuer in the UK are covered by the FSCS. However, certain amendments to the depositor 
protection rules of the PRA came into force on 3 July 2015 in the UK with the result that the CDs no 
longer qualify as deposits for the purposes of the PRA's deposit protection rules. Accordingly, the CDs 
are not eligible for deposit protection under the FSCS. 
2. 
Risks related to economic, market and political condition 
The Issuer's businesses have been and may in the future be adversely affected by conditions in the 
global financial markets and broader economic conditions. 
The Issuer's businesses, by their nature, do not produce predictable earnings and are materially affected 
by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally, both directly and 
through their impact on client activity levels and creditworthiness. In addition, a significant portion of 
the Issuer’s business involves transactions with, through, arising from, involving, or otherwise related to 
other GS Group (as defined below) entities, and any adverse change in the businesses or activity levels 
of GS Group (as defined below) more broadly can have an adverse impact on the Issuer. These conditions 
can change suddenly and negatively. 
The Issuer’s financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which its businesses 
operate. A favourable business environment is generally characterised by, among other factors, high 
global gross domestic product growth, regulatory and market conditions that result in transparent, liquid 
and efficient capital markets, low inflation, business, consumer and investor confidence, stable 
geopolitical conditions and strong business earnings. 
Unfavourable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by: low levels of or declines 
in economic growth, business activity or investor, business or consumer confidence; changes in 
consumer spending or borrowing patterns; pandemics; limitations on the availability or increases in the 
cost of credit and capital; illiquid markets; increases in inflation, interest rates, exchange rate or basic 
commodity price volatility or default rates; concerns about sovereign defaults; uncertainty concerning 
fiscal or monetary policy; the extent of and uncertainty about potential increases in tax rates and other

--- Page 14 ---
14 
regulatory changes; limitations on international trade and travel; laws and regulations that limit trading 
in, or the issuance of, securities of issuers outside their domestic markets; outbreaks of domestic or 
international tensions or hostilities, terrorism, nuclear proliferation, cybersecurity threats or attacks and 
other forms of disruption to or curtailment of global communication, energy transmission or 
transportation networks or other geopolitical instability or uncertainty; corporate, political or other 
scandals that reduce investor confidence in capital markets; extreme weather events or other natural 
disasters; or a combination of these or other factors. 
The financial services industry and the securities and other financial markets have been materially and 
adversely affected in the past by significant declines in the values of nearly all asset classes, by a serious 
lack of liquidity and by high levels of borrower defaults. In addition, concerns about actual or potential 
increases in interest rates, inflation and other borrowing costs, a resurgence of COVID-19 cases, 
European sovereign debt risk and its impact on the European banking system, limitations on international 
trade, and potential or actual changes in interest rates, inflation and other market conditions, have, at 
times, negatively impacted the levels of client activity.  
General uncertainty about economic, political and market activities, and the scope, timing and impact of 
regulatory reform, as well as weak consumer, investor and chief executive officer confidence resulting 
in large part from such uncertainty, has in the past negatively impacted client activity, which can 
adversely affect many of the Issuer’s businesses. Periods of low volatility and periods of high volatility 
combined with a lack of liquidity, have at times had an unfavourable impact on the Issuer’s market-
making businesses. 
Financial institution returns may be negatively impacted by increased funding costs due in part to the 
lack of perceived government support of such institutions in the event of future financial crises relative 
to financial institutions in countries in which governmental support is maintained. In addition, liquidity 
in the financial markets has also been negatively impacted as market participants and market practices 
and structures continue to adjust to evolving regulatory frameworks. 
Changes in market interest rates could adversely affect the Issuer's revenues and expenses, the value 
of assets and obligations, and the availability and cost of funding. 
As a result of the Issuer's lending and deposit-taking activities, it has exposure to market interest rate 
movements. In addition to the impact on the general economy, changes in interest rates could directly 
impact the Issuer in one or more of the following ways: 
(a)
the yield on interest-earning assets, primarily on lending activities, and rates paid on 
interest-bearing liabilities, primarily deposit-taking activities, may change in 
disproportionate ways; 
(b)
the value of certain balance sheet and off-balance sheet financial instruments could decline; 
or  
(c)
the cost of funding from affiliates or third parties may increase and the ability to raise 
funding could become more difficult.  
The Issuer's profitability depends to an extent on net interest income, which is the difference between the 
interest income earned on interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities, and interest expense on 
interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowed funds. Accordingly, the Issuer's results of 
operations depend to a significant extent on movements in market interest rates and its ability to manage 
interest-rate-sensitive assets and liabilities in response to these movements. Factors such as inflation, 
recession and instability in financial markets, among other factors beyond the Issuer's  control, may affect 
interest rates. 
Any substantial, unexpected, prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Changes in the level of 
interest rates also may negatively affect the Issuer's ability to originate loans, the value of assets and the 
Issuer's ability to realise gains from the sale of assets, all of which ultimately affect earnings.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
Inflation has had, and could continue to have, a negative effect on the Issuer's business, results of 
operations and financial condition. 
Inflationary pressures have affected economies, financial markets and market participants worldwide. 
Inflationary pressures have increased certain of the Issuer's operating expenses, and have adversely 
affected consumer sentiment and CEO confidence. Central bank responses to inflationary pressures have 
also resulted in higher market interest rates, which, in turn, have contributed to lower activity levels 
across financial markets, in particular for debt underwriting transactions, and resulted in lower values for 
certain financial assets which have adversely affected the Issuer's equity and debt investments. Higher 
interest rates increase the Issuer's borrowing costs and have required the Issuer to increase interest paid 
on its deposits. If inflationary pressures persist, the Issuer's expenses may increase further; the Issuer 
may be unable to achieve its efficiency ratio target; activity levels for certain of its businesses may remain 
at low levels or decline further; its interest expense could increase faster than its interest income, reducing 
its net interest income and net interest margin; certain of its investments could continue to incur losses 
or generally low levels of returns; assets under supervision could decline, reducing management and 
other fees; economies worldwide could experience recessions; and the Issuer could continue to operate 
in a generally unfavourable economic and market environment.  
3. 
Legal and regulatory risks 
The Issuer’s businesses and those of its clients are subject to extensive and pervasive regulation 
around the world.  
As a participant in the financial services industry and a subsidiary of a systemically important financial 
institution, the Issuer is subject to extensive regulation, principally in the United Kingdom and the E.U. 
more generally but also in the US as a subsidiary of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ("Group, Inc." and, 
together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "GS Group") and in certain other jurisdictions. The Issuer 
faces the risk of significant intervention by law enforcement, regulatory and tax authorities, as well as 
private litigation, in all jurisdictions in which it conducts its businesses. In many cases, the Issuer's 
activities have been and may continue to be subject to overlapping and divergent regulation in different 
jurisdictions. Among other things, as a result of law enforcement authorities, regulators or private parties 
challenging the Issuer's compliance with laws and regulations, the Issuer or its employees have been and 
could be fined, criminally charged or sanctioned, prohibited from engaging in certain business activities, 
subjected to limitations or conditions on its business activities including higher capital requirements, or 
subjected to new or substantially higher taxes or other governmental charges in connection with the 
conduct of its businesses or with respect to its employees. These limitations or conditions may limit 
business activities and negatively impact the Issuer's profitability. In addition to the impact on the scope 
and profitability of the Issuer’s business activities, day-to-day compliance with laws and regulations has 
involved and will continue to involve significant amounts of time, including that of the Issuer’s senior 
leaders and that of a large number of dedicated compliance and other reporting and operational personnel, 
all of which may negatively impact the Issuer’s profitability. 
The Issuer's revenues and profitability and those of its competitors have been and will continue to be 
impacted by requirements relating to capital, additional loss-absorbing capacity, leverage, minimum 
liquidity and long-term funding levels, requirements related to resolution and recovery planning, 
derivatives clearing and margin rules and levels of regulatory oversight, as well as limitations on which 
and, if permitted, how certain business activities may be carried out by financial institutions. The laws 
and regulations that apply to the Issuer’s businesses are often complex and, in many cases, the Issuer 
must make interpretive decisions regarding the application of those laws and regulations to its business 
activities. Changes in interpretations, whether in response to regulatory guidance, industry conventions, 
the Issuer’s own reassessments or otherwise, could adversely affect its businesses, results of operations 
or ability to satisfy applicable regulatory requirements, such as capital or liquidity requirements. 
If there are new laws or regulations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer's businesses or those of the Issuer's clients, including capital, liquidity, 
leverage, long-term debt, total loss-absorbing capacity ("TLAC") and margin requirements, restrictions 
on other business practices, reporting requirements, requirements relating to the implementation of the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive in the United Kingdom as it forms part of United Kingdom 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and the regulations made thereunder ("UK BRRD"), tax burdens 
and compensation restrictions, that are imposed on a limited subset of financial institutions (whether 
based on size, method of funding, activities, geography or other criteria) which may include the Issuer

--- Page 16 ---
16 
or Group, Inc., compliance with these new laws and regulations, or changes in the enforcement of 
existing laws or regulations, could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to compete effectively with other 
institutions that are not affected in the same way. In addition, regulation imposed on financial institutions 
or market participants generally, such as taxes on stock transfers and other financial transactions, could 
adversely impact levels of market activity more broadly, and thus impact the Issuer's businesses. Changes 
to laws and regulations, such as tax laws, could also have a disproportionate impact on the Issuer, based 
on the way those laws or regulations are applied to financial services and financial firms or due to the 
Issuer's corporate structure. 
These developments could impact the Issuer's profitability in the affected jurisdictions, or even make it 
uneconomic to continue to conduct all or certain businesses in those jurisdictions, or could result in the 
Issuer incurring significant costs associated with changing business practices, restructuring businesses, 
moving all or certain businesses and employees to other locations or complying with applicable capital 
requirements, including liquidating assets or raising capital in a manner that adversely increases the 
Issuer's funding costs or otherwise adversely affects its shareholder and creditors. 
The implementation of higher capital requirements, the liquidity coverage ratio, the net stable funding 
ratio, requirements relating to long-term debt and TLAC and the prohibition on proprietary trading by 
the provisions of the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the "Dodd-
Frank Act") referred to as the "Volcker Rule" may continue to adversely affect the Issuer's profitability 
and competitive position, particularly if these requirements do not apply, or do not apply equally, to the 
Issuer's competitors or are not implemented uniformly across jurisdictions. The Issuer may also become 
subject to higher and more stringent capital and other regulatory requirements as a result of the 
implementation of Basel Committee on Banking Supervision's standards, including those published in 
December 2017. 
The Issuer is also subject to laws and regulations relating to the privacy of the information of clients, 
employees or others, and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose the Issuer 
to liability and/or reputational damage. As new privacy-related laws and regulations are implemented, 
the time and resources needed for the Issuer to comply with such laws and regulations, as well as the 
Issuer's potential liability for non-compliance and reporting obligation in the case of data breaches, may 
significantly increase. 
In addition, the Issuer's businesses are increasingly subject to laws and regulations relating to 
surveillance, encryption and data on-shoring in the jurisdictions in which the Issuer operates. Compliance 
with these laws and regulations may require the Issuer to change its policies, procedures and technology 
for information security, which could, among other things, make the Issuer more vulnerable to cyber 
attacks and misappropriation, corruption or loss of information or technology. 
The Issuer has entered into a consumer-oriented deposit-taking business and the Issuer expects to expand 
the product scope of its offerings. This expansion subjects the Issuer to numerous additional regulations. 
Not only are these regulations extensive, but they involve types of regulations and supervision, as well 
as regulatory compliance risks that the Issuer has not previously encountered. The level of regulatory 
scrutiny and the scope of regulations affecting financial interactions with consumers is often much 
greater than that associated with doing business with institutions and high-net-worth individuals. 
Complying with these regulations is time-consuming, costly and presents new and increased risks. 
Increasingly, regulators and courts have sought to hold financial institutions liable for the misconduct of 
their clients where such regulators and courts have determined that the financial institution should have 
detected that the client was engaged in wrongdoing, even though the financial institution had no direct 
knowledge of the activities engaged in by its client. Regulators and courts have also increasingly found 
liability as a "control person" for activities of entities in which financial institutions or funds controlled 
by financial institutions have an investment, but which they do not actively manage. In addition, 
regulators and courts continue to seek to establish "fiduciary" obligations to counterparties to which no 
such duty had been assumed to exist. To the extent that such efforts are successful, the cost of, and 
liabilities associated with, engaging in brokerage, clearing, market-making, prime brokerage, investing 
and other similar activities could increase significantly. To the extent that the Issuer has fiduciary 
obligations in connection with acting as a financial adviser, investment adviser or in other roles for 
individual, institutional, sovereign or investment fund clients, any breach, or even an alleged breach, of 
such obligations could have materially negative legal, regulatory and reputational consequences.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any change in law. 
The CDs are governed by English law in effect as at the date of issue of the relevant CDs. No assurance 
can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or regulatory 
provisions after the date of issue of the relevant CDs. 
4. 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry  
The Issuer's liquidity, profitability and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access 
the debt capital markets or to sell assets. 
Liquidity is essential to the Issuer’s businesses. It is of critical importance to the Issuer, as most of the 
failures of financial institutions have occurred in large part due to insufficient liquidity. The Issuer’s 
liquidity may be impaired by an inability to access secured and/or unsecured debt markets, an inability 
to access funds from Group, Inc. or other GS Group affiliates, an inability to sell assets or redeem 
investments, lack of timely settlement of transactions, or other unforeseen outflows of cash or collateral, 
such as in March 2020, when corporate clients drew on revolving credit facilities in response to the 
COVID-19 pandemic. This situation may arise due to circumstances that the Issuer may be unable to 
control, such as a general market or economic disruption or an operational problem that affects third 
parties or the Issuer or its affiliates or even by the perception among market participants that the Issuer, 
or other market participants, are experiencing greater liquidity risk.  
The Issuer primarily relies on deposits to be a low cost and stable source of funding for the financial 
transaction in which it engages. The Issuer accepts deposits from institutional and private wealth 
management clients as well as directly from consumer clients through its digital deposit platform. It also 
issues certificates of deposits and accepts deposits from its affiliates. Certain deposit accounts do not 
have significant restrictions on withdrawal, and depositors can generally withdraw some or all of the 
funds in their accounts with little or no notice. Furthermore, the Issuer competes with other banks and 
other financial services companies for deposits. Competitors may raise the rates they pay on deposits and 
the Issuer may be required to raise its rates to avoid losing deposits. If the Issuer experiences significant 
withdrawals, for any reason, its funding costs may increase due to reliance on more expensive sources 
of funding. If the Issuer is required to fund its operations at a higher cost, these conditions may require 
the Issuer to curtail its activities, which also could reduce profitability. 
Further, the Issuer’s ability to sell assets may be impaired if there is not generally a liquid market for 
such assets, as well as in circumstances where other market participants are seeking to sell similar 
otherwise generally liquid assets at the same time, as is likely to occur in a liquidity or other market crisis 
or in response to changes to rules or regulations. For example, recently an investment management firm 
with large positions with several financial institutions defaulted, resulting in rapidly declining prices in 
the securities underlying those positions. In addition, clearinghouses, exchanges and other financial 
institutions with which the Issuer interacts may exercise set-off rights or the right to require additional 
collateral, including in difficult market conditions, which could further impair the Issuer’s liquidity. 
Regulatory changes relating to liquidity may also negatively impact the Issuer’s results of operations and 
competitive position. Numerous regulations have been adopted or proposed to introduce more stringent 
liquidity requirements for large financial institutions. These regulations address, among other matters, 
liquidity stress testing, minimum liquidity requirements, wholesale funding, restrictions on short-term 
debt and structured notes issued by top-tier holding companies, deductions for holding TLAC and 
prohibitions on parent guarantees that are subject to certain cross-defaults. New and prospective 
liquidity-related regulations may overlap with, and be impacted by, other regulatory changes, including 
rules relating to minimum long-term debt requirements and TLAC, capital, leverage and resolution and 
recovery frameworks applicable to large financial institutions. Given the overlap and complex 
interactions among these new and prospective regulations, they may have unintended cumulative effects, 
and their full impact will remain uncertain, while regulatory reforms are being adopted and market 
practices develop.  
Reductions in the Issuer's credit ratings or an increase in its credit spreads may adversely affect its 
liquidity and cost of funding. 
The Issuer is an indirect, wholly-owned operating subsidiary of Group, Inc. and depends on Group, Inc. 
for capital and funding. The credit ratings of the Issuer and those of Group, Inc. are important to the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Issuer’s liquidity. A reduction in the Issuer’s and/or Group, Inc.’s credit ratings could adversely affect 
the Issuer’s liquidity and competitive position, increase borrowing costs, limit access to the capital 
markets or funding from Group, Inc. 
The Issuer’s cost of obtaining long-term unsecured funding is directly related to both the credit spreads 
of the Issuer and Group, Inc. Increases in the credit spreads of the Issuer and/or Group, Inc. can 
significantly increase the cost of this funding. Changes in credit spreads are continuous, market-driven, 
and subject at times to unpredictable and highly volatile movements. The credit spreads of the Issuer 
and/or Group, Inc. are also influenced by market perceptions of the Issuer’s and/or Group, Inc.’s 
creditworthiness and movements in the costs to purchasers of credit default swaps referenced to Group, 
Inc.’s long-term debt. The market for credit default swaps has proven to be extremely volatile and at 
times has lacked a high degree of transparency or liquidity. 
Concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in the Issuer’s market-making, 
underwriting, investing and financing activities. 
Concentration of risk increases the potential for significant losses in market-making, underwriting, 
investing and financing activities. The number and size of these transactions has affected and may in the 
future affect the Issuer's results of operations in a given period. Moreover, because of concentrated risk, 
the Issuer may suffer losses even when economic and market conditions are generally favourable for 
competitors. Disruptions in the credit markets can make it difficult for the Issuer to hedge these credit 
exposures effectively or economically. 
In the ordinary course of business, the Issuer may be subject to a concentration of credit risk to a particular 
counterparty, borrower, issuer (including sovereign issuers), or geographic area or group of related 
countries, such as the European Union and a failure or downgrade of, or default by, such entities could 
negatively impact the Issuer’s businesses, perhaps materially, and the systems by which the Issuer sets 
limits and monitors the level of its credit exposure to individual entities, industries, countries and regions 
may not function as anticipated.  
A failure to appropriately identify and address potential conflicts of interest could adversely affect the 
Issuer's businesses. 
Due to the broad scope of GS Group's businesses and client base, the Issuer regularly addresses potential 
conflicts of interest, including situations where services to a particular client or GS Group's own 
investments or other interests conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of that client or 
another client, as well as situations where one or more of its businesses have access to material non-
public information that may not be shared with other businesses within GS Group and situations where 
it may be a creditor of an entity with which GS Group also has an advisory or other relationship. 
Extensive procedures and controls are in place that are designed to identify and address conflicts of 
interest, including those designed to prevent the improper sharing of information among businesses. 
However, appropriately identifying and dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult, and 
the Issuer's reputation, which is one of its most important assets, could be damaged and the willingness 
of clients to enter into transactions with the Issuer may be adversely affected if it fails, or appears to fail, 
to identify, disclose and deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. In addition, potential or perceived 
conflicts could give rise to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. Additionally, GS Group’s One 
Goldman Sachs initiative aims to increase collaboration amongst its businesses, which may increase the 
potential for actual or perceived conflicts of interest and improper information sharing.  
The Issuer's businesses, profitability and liquidity may be adversely affected by deterioration in the 
credit quality of, or defaults by, third parties. 
The Issuer is exposed to the risk that third parties who owe money, securities or other assets will not 
perform their obligations. These parties may default on their obligations to the Issuer due to bankruptcy, 
lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. A failure of a significant market participant, or even 
concerns about a default by such an institution, could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or 
defaults by other institutions, which in turn could adversely affect the Issuer. 
The Issuer is also subject to the risk that its rights against third parties may not be enforceable in all 
circumstances. In addition, deterioration in the credit quality of third parties whose securities or

--- Page 19 ---
19 
obligations are held by the Issuer, including a deterioration in the value of collateral posted by third 
parties to secure their obligations to the Issuer under derivatives contracts and loan agreements, could 
result in losses and/or adversely affect the Issuer's ability to rehypothecate or otherwise use those 
securities or obligations for liquidity purposes. 
A significant downgrade in the credit ratings of the Issuer's counterparties could also have a negative 
impact on the Issuer's results. While in many cases the Issuer is permitted to require additional collateral 
from counterparties that experience financial difficulty, disputes may arise as to the amount of collateral 
the Issuer is entitled to receive and the value of pledged assets. The termination of contracts and the 
foreclosure on collateral may subject the Issuer to claims for the improper exercise of its rights. Default 
rates, downgrades and disputes with counterparties as to the valuation of collateral typically increase 
significantly in times of market stress and illiquidity. 
The Issuer might underestimate the credit losses inherent in its loan portfolio and have credit losses 
in excess of the amount reserved. 
The Issuer might underestimate the credit losses inherent in its loan portfolio and have credit losses in 
excess of the amount reserved. The credit quality of the Issuer’s loan portfolio can have a significant 
impact on its earnings. Banks must consider all relevant information when estimating expected credit 
losses, including details about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
This process requires difficult, subjective and complex judgements by the Issuer's management in order 
to estimate credit losses over the life of the financial assets. As is the case with any such assessments, 
there is always the chance that the Issuer will fail to identify the proper factors or that the Issuer will fail 
to accurately estimate the impacts of factors that are identified. In addition, the accuracy of the Issuer's 
management’s estimations of expected credit losses may be affected by macroeconomic factors. Through 
the process of estimating credit losses over the life of the loans, the Issuer might underestimate the credit 
losses inherent in the loan portfolio and have credit losses in excess of the amount reserved. 
While the Issuer's management uses the best information available to determine this estimate, the Issuer 
has made and may make future adjustments to the allowance based on, among other things, changes in 
the economic environment, the quality of the loan portfolio or the values of the underlying collateral. 
Derivative transactions and delayed settlements may expose the Issuer to unexpected risk and potential 
losses. 
The Issuer is party to a number of derivative transactions, including credit derivatives. Many of these 
derivative instruments are individually negotiated and non-standardised, which can make exiting, 
transferring or settling positions difficult. Many credit derivatives require that the Issuer deliver to the 
counterparty the underlying security, loan or other obligation in order to receive payment. In a number 
of cases, the Issuer does not hold the underlying security, loan or other obligation and may not be able 
to obtain the underlying security, loan or other obligation. This could cause the Issuer to forfeit the 
payments due under these contracts or result in settlement delays with the attendant credit and operational 
risk as well as increased costs to the Issuer. 
As a signatory to the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Universal Resolution Stay 
Protocol (the "ISDA Universal Protocol") and the International Swaps and Derivatives Association 
2018 U.S. Resolution Stay Protocol (collectively, the "ISDA Protocols"), the Issuer may not be able to 
exercise termination rights and other remedies against counterparties and, as this new regime has not yet 
been tested, the Issuer may suffer risks or losses that it would not have expected to suffer if it could 
immediately close out transactions upon a termination event. The ISDA Protocols and these rules and 
regulations extend to repurchase agreements and other instruments that are not derivative contracts. 
Derivative contracts and other transactions entered into with third parties are not always confirmed by 
the counterparties or settled on a timely basis. While the transaction remains unconfirmed or during any 
delay in settlement, the Issuer is subject to heightened credit and operational risk and in the event of a 
default may find it more difficult to enforce its rights.  
In addition, as new complex derivative products are created, covering a wider array of underlying credit 
and other instruments, disputes about the terms of the underlying contracts could arise, which could 
impair the Issuer's ability to effectively manage its risk exposures from these products and subject it to 
increased costs. The provisions of legislation requiring central clearing of credit derivatives and other

--- Page 20 ---
20 
over-the-counter ("OTC") derivatives, or a market shift toward standardised derivatives, could reduce 
the risk associated with these transactions, but under certain circumstances could also limit the Issuer's 
ability to develop derivatives that best suit the needs of clients and to hedge its own risks, and could 
adversely affect the Issuer's profitability and has increased credit exposure to central clearing platforms. 
The Issuer faces enhanced risks as new business initiatives and acquisitions lead it to engage in new 
activities, operate in new locations, transact with a broader array of clients and counterparties and 
expose it to new asset classes and new markets. 
The Issuer faces enhanced risks as new business initiatives lead it to transact with a broader array of 
clients and counterparties and expose it to new asset classes and new markets. A number of the Issuer's 
recent and planned business initiatives, such as the client execution activities undertaken by the 
Johannesburg branch, and expansions of existing businesses, such as the Issuer's consumer-oriented 
activities, may bring it into contact, directly or indirectly, with individuals and entities that are not within 
the Issuer's traditional client and counterparty base and expose it to new asset classes and new markets. 
For example, the Issuer continues to transact business and invest in new regions and new markets, 
including a wide range of emerging and growth markets. 
As a result of the Issuer's consumer-oriented activities, the Issuer could face additional compliance, legal 
and regulatory risk, increased reputational risk and increased operational risk due to, among other things, 
higher transaction volumes, greater reliance on third-party vendors, increased volume of customer 
complaints, significantly increased retention requirements and transmission of customer and client 
information and increased regulatory compliance obligations. 
The Issuer has developed and pursued new business and strategic initiatives, and expects to continue to 
do so. If and to the extent the Issuer is unable to successfully execute those initiatives, it may incur 
unanticipated costs and losses, and face other adverse consequences, such as negative reputational 
effects. In addition, the actual effects of pursuing those initiatives may differ, possibly materially, from 
the benefits that the Issuer expects to realise from them, such as generating additional revenues, achieving 
expense savings, reducing operational risk exposures or using capital and funding more efficiently. 
Engaging in new activities exposes the Issuer to a variety of risks, including that it may be unable to 
successfully develop new, competitive, efficient and effective systems and processes, and hire and retain 
the necessary personnel. 
In order to develop and be able to offer competitive consumer financial products that compete effectively, 
the Issuer has made and expects to continue to make significant investments in technology and human 
capital resources in connection with its consumer-oriented activities. 
New business initiatives expose the Issuer to new and enhanced risks, including risks associated with 
dealing with governmental entities, reputational concerns arising from dealing with different types of 
clients, counterparties and investors, greater regulatory scrutiny of these activities, increased credit-
related, market, sovereign and operational risks, risks arising from accidents or acts of terrorism, and 
reputational concerns with the manner in which certain assets are being operated or held or in which the 
Issuer interacts with these clients, counterparties and investors. Legal, regulatory and reputational risks 
may also exist in connection with activities and transactions involving new products or markets where 
there is regulatory uncertainty or where there are different or conflicting regulations depending on the 
regulator or the jurisdiction involved, particularly where transactions in such products may involve 
multiple jurisdictions. 
Certain of the Issuer’s businesses, its funding instruments and financial products may be adversely 
affected by changes in or the discontinuance of IBORs, in particular LIBOR. 
Certain of the Issuer’s businesses, funding instruments and financial products may be adversely affected 
by changes in or the discontinuance of Interbank Offered Rates ("IBORs"), in particular the London 
Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR"). 
The FCA and the administrator of LIBOR have announced that the publication of the most commonly 
used US Dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or cease to be representative after 30 June 
2023. The FCA has conducted a consultation on the possibility of the on-going publication of one-month, 
three-month and six-month USD LIBOR settings in 'synthetic' form until the end of September 2024.  
The publication of all other LIBOR settings ceased to be provided or ceased to be representative as of 31

--- Page 21 ---
21 
December 2021. As the transition from LIBOR is ongoing, there continues to be substantial uncertainty 
as to the ultimate effect of the transition on the financial markets for LIBOR-linked financial instruments. 
Similar developments have occurred with respect to other IBORs. 
Uncertainty regarding IBORs and the taking of discretionary actions or negotiation or implementation of 
fallback provisions could result in pricing volatility, loss of market share in certain products, adverse tax 
or accounting impacts, compliance, legal and operational costs and risks associated with client 
disclosures, as well as systems disruption, model disruption and other business continuity issues. In 
addition, uncertainty relating to IBORs could result in increased capital requirements for the Issuer given 
potential low transaction volumes, a lack of liquidity or limited observability for exposures linked to 
IBORs or any emerging successor rates and operational incidents associated with changes in and the 
discontinuance of IBORs.  
The language in the Issuer’s contracts and financial instruments that define IBORs, in particular LIBOR, 
has developed over time and has various events that trigger when a successor rate to the designated rate 
would be selected. Once a trigger is satisfied, contracts and financial instruments often give the 
calculation agent (which may be the Issuer) discretion over the successor rate or benchmark to be 
selected. As a result, for the most commonly used US Dollar LIBOR settings, there continues to be 
considerable uncertainty as to how the financial services industry will address the discontinuance of 
designated rates in contracts and financial instruments or such designated rates ceasing to be acceptable 
reference rates. This uncertainty could ultimately result in client disputes and litigation surrounding the 
proper interpretation of the Issuer's IBOR based contracts and financial instruments. For LIBOR settings 
that ceased to be provided or ceased to be representative as of December 2021, discretionary actions 
taken in connection with the implementation of fallback provisions could also result in client disputes 
and litigation particularly for derivatives and other synthetic instruments. Although the Issuer has 
adhered to the ISDA IBOR Fallbacks Protocol, the protocol is applicable to derivatives when both parties 
adhere to it or otherwise agree for it to apply to their derivatives. 
Further, the discontinuation of an IBOR, changes in an IBOR or changes in market acceptance of any 
IBOR as a reference rate may also adversely affect the yield on loans or securities held by the Issuer, 
amounts paid on securities the Issuer has issued, amounts received and paid on derivative instruments 
the Issuer has entered into, the value of such loans, securities or derivative instruments, the trading market 
for securities, the terms of new loans being made using different or modified reference rates, the Issuer's 
ability to effectively use derivative instruments to manage risk, or the availability or cost of the Issuer's 
floating-rate funding and its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates.  
The Issuer may be adversely affected by negative publicity. 
The financial services industry generally and the Issuer’s businesses in particular have been subject to 
negative publicity. The Issuer’s reputation and businesses may be adversely affected by negative 
publicity or information regarding its business and personnel, whether or not accurate or true, that may 
be posted on social media or other internet forums or published by news organisations. Postings on these 
types of forums may also adversely impact risk positions of the Issuer's clients and other parties that owe 
it money, securities or other assets and increase the chance that they will not perform their obligation to 
the firm or reduce the revenues received from their use of the Issuer's services. The speed and 
pervasiveness with which information can be disseminated through these channels, in particular social 
media, may magnify risks relating to negative publicity. 
The Issuer's risks in connection with operating in multiple jurisdictions. 
In conducting the Issuer's businesses and maintaining and supporting its global operations, the Issuer is 
subject to risks of possible nationalisation, expropriation, price controls, capital controls, exchange 
controls, communications and other content restrictions and other restrictive governmental actions, as 
well as the outbreak of hostilities or acts of terrorism. For example, sanctions have been imposed by the 
U.S., U.K. and EU on certain individuals and companies in response to Russia's invasion of Ukraine and 
the illegal annexation of Ukraine's Crimea, Donetsk, Luhansk, Zaporizhzhia and Kherson regions. In 
many countries, the laws and regulations applicable to the securities and financial services industries and 
many of the transactions in which the Issuer is involved are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult 
to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market. Any determination by local regulators 
that the Issuer has not acted in compliance with the application of local laws in a particular market or a 
failure to develop effective working relationships with local regulators could have a significant and

--- Page 22 ---
22 
negative effect not only on the Issuer's businesses in that market but also on its reputation generally. 
Further, in some jurisdictions a failure, or alleged failure, to comply with laws and regulations have 
subjected and may in the future subject the Issuer and its personnel not only to civil actions but also 
criminal actions and other sanctions. The Issuer is also subject to the enhanced risk that transactions it 
structures might not be legally enforceable in all cases. 
While business and other practices throughout the world differ, the Issuer is subject in its operations 
worldwide to rules and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments, hiring practices and money 
laundering, as well as laws relating to doing business with certain individuals, groups and countries, such 
as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, as amended, and the UK Bribery 
Act. While the Issuer has invested and continues to invest significant resources in training and in 
compliance monitoring, the geographical diversity of its operations, employees and clients, as well as 
the vendors and other third parties that the Issuer deals with, greatly increases the risk that the Issuer may 
be found in violation of such rules or regulations and any such violation could subject it to significant 
penalties or adversely affect its reputation. 
In addition, there have been a number of highly publicised cases around the world, involving actual or 
alleged fraud or other misconduct by employees in the financial services industry in recent years, and the 
Issuer has had, and may in the future have, employee. This misconduct has included and may also in the 
future include intentional efforts to ignore or circumvent applicable policies, rules or procedures or 
misappropriation of funds and the theft of proprietary information, including proprietary software. It is 
not always possible to deter or prevent employee misconduct and the precautions taken to prevent and 
detect this activity have not been and may not be effective in all cases. 
The Issuer may incur losses as a result of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics, 
terrorist attacks, extreme weather events or other natural disasters. 
The occurrence of unforeseen or catastrophic events, including pandemics, such as COVID-19 or other 
widespread health emergencies (or concerns over the possibility of such an emergency), terrorist attacks, 
extreme weather events, solar events or other natural disasters, could create economic and financial 
disruptions, and could lead to operational difficulties (including travel limitations and limitations on 
occupancy in the Issuer's offices) that could impair the Issuer's ability to manage its businesses and result 
in losses. 
The COVID-19 pandemic created economic and financial disruptions that have in the past adversely 
affected and may in the future adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, liquidity and 
results of operations. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will negatively affect the Issuer's 
businesses, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations will depend on, among other things, 
future developments, including any resurgence of COVID-19 cases, the emergence of new variants of 
COVID-19 and the effectiveness of vaccines and treatments over the long term and against new variants, 
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
Climate change could disrupt the Issuer’s businesses, adversely affect client activity levels, and the 
creditworthiness of its client counterparties and the Issuer’s efforts to address concerns relating to 
climate change could result in damage to its reputation.  
Climate change may cause extreme weather events that disrupt operations at one or more of the Issuer’s 
primary locations, which may negatively affect its ability to service and interact with its clients. Climate 
change and the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy may also have a negative impact on the 
financial condition of its clients and counterparties, which may decrease revenues from those clients and 
counterparties and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those 
clients. In addition, climate change may impact the broader economy. 
The Issuer is also exposed to risks resulting from changes in public policy, laws and regulations, or 
market and public perceptions and preferences in connection with the transition to a less carbon-
dependent economy. These changes could adversely affect the Issuer's business, results of operations and 
reputation. For example, the Issuer's reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of its 
involvement, or its clients’ involvement, in certain industries or projects associated with causing or 
exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions the Issuer makes to continue to conduct or change 
its activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. If GS Group is unable to achieve

--- Page 23 ---
23 
its objectives relating to climate change or its response to climate change is perceived to be ineffective 
or insufficient, the Issuer’s business, reputation and efforts to recruit and retain employees may suffer. 
New regulations or guidance relating to climate change, as well as the perspectives of regulators, 
shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding climate change, may affect whether and on 
what terms and conditions the Issuer can engage in certain activities or offer certain products. Banking 
regulators and supervisory authorities, shareholders and other stakeholders have increasingly viewed 
financial institutions as playing an important role in helping to address risks related to climate change, 
both directly and with respect to their clients, which may result in financial institutions coming under 
increased requirements and expectations regarding the disclosure and management of their climate risks 
and related lending, investment and advisory activities. The Issuer also may become subject to new or 
heightened regulatory requirements relating to climate change, such as requirements relating to 
operational resiliency or stress testing for various climate stress scenarios. Any such new or heightened 
requirements could result in increased regulatory, compliance or other costs or higher capital 
requirements. The risks associated with, and the perspective of regulators, GS Group’s shareholders, 
employees and other stakeholders regarding, climate change are continuing to evolve rapidly, which can 
make it difficult to assess the ultimate impact of climate change-related risks and uncertainties, and the 
Issuer expects that climate change-related risks will increase over time. 
The Issuer's business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely affected 
by disruptions in the global economy caused by Russia's invasion of Ukraine and related sanctions 
and other developments.  
The war between Russia and Ukraine has negatively affected the global economy. Governments around 
the world have responded to Russia's invasion by imposing economic sanctions and export controls on 
certain industry sectors, including price caps on Russian oil, and parties in Russia. Compliance with 
economic sanctions and restrictions imposed by governments has increased the Issuer's costs and 
otherwise adversely affected its business and may continue to do so. Russia has responded with its own 
restrictions against investors and countries outside Russia and has proposed additional measures aimed 
at non-Russia owned businesses. Businesses in the U.S. and globally have experienced shortages in 
materials and increased costs for transportation, energy, and raw materials due in part to the negative 
effects of the war on the global economy. The escalation or continuation of the war between Russia and 
Ukraine or other hostilities could result in, among other things, further increased risk of cyber-attacks, 
an increased frequency and volume of failures to settle securities transactions, supply chain disruptions, 
higher inflation, lower consumer demand and increased volatility in commodity, currency and other 
financial markets.  
The extent and duration of the war, sanctions and resulting market disruptions are impossible to predict, 
and the consequences for the Issuer's business could be significant.  
The financial services industry is highly competitive.  
To the extent the Issuer expands into new business areas and new geographic regions, it will face 
competitors with more experience and more established relationships with clients, regulators and 
industry participants in the relevant market, which could adversely affect its ability to expand.  
Governments and regulators have adopted regulations, imposed taxes, adopted compensation restrictions 
or otherwise put forward various proposals that have impacted or may impact the Issuer’s ability to 
conduct certain of its businesses in a cost-effective manner or at all in certain or all jurisdictions, 
including proposals relating to restrictions on the type of activities in which financial institutions are 
permitted to engage. These or other similar rules, many of which do not apply to all the Issuer’s 
competitors, could impact its ability to compete effectively. 
Pricing and other competitive pressures in the Issuer’s businesses have continued to increase, particularly 
in situations where some competitors may seek to increase market share by reducing prices. For example, 
in connection with investment banking and other engagements, in response to competitive pressure the 
Issuer has experienced, the Issuer has extended and priced credit at levels that may not always fully 
compensate it for the risks taken. 
The financial services industry is highly interrelated in that a significant volume of transactions occur 
among a limited number of members of that industry. Many transactions are syndicated to other financial

--- Page 24 ---
24 
institutions and financial institutions are often counterparties in transactions. This has led to claims by 
other market participants and regulators that such institutions have colluded in order to manipulate 
markets or market prices, including allegations that antitrust laws have been violated. While the Issuer 
has extensive procedures and controls that are designed to identify and prevent such activities, allegations 
of such activities, particularly by regulators, can have a negative reputational impact and can subject the 
Issuer to large fines and settlements, and potentially significant penalties, including treble damages. 
The Issuer is reliant on Group, Inc. and other GS Group affiliates for client business, various services 
and capital. 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Group, Inc. As a wholly-owned subsidiary, the Issuer relies 
on various business relationships of Group, Inc. and other GS Group affiliates generally, including the 
ability to receive various services, as well as, in part, the capital and liquidity of the Issuer’s ultimate 
parent, Group, Inc., as well as the liquidity of Goldman Sachs Funding LLC ("Funding IHC"), a wholly-
owned, direct subsidiary of Group, Inc. that facilitates the execution of GS Group’s preferred resolution 
strategy. Although the Issuer has taken steps to reduce its reliance on other GS Group affiliates, it remains 
an operating subsidiary of a larger organisation and therefore its interconnectedness within the 
organisation will continue. Because the Issuer’s business relies upon Group, Inc. and other GS Group 
affiliates to a significant extent, risks that could affect these entities could also have a significant impact 
on the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the Issuer relies upon certain GS Group affiliates for various support services, including, 
but not limited to, trade execution, relationship management, settlement and clearing, risk management 
and other technical, operational and administrative services. Such services are provided to the Issuer 
pursuant to the intercompany services agreement, which is generally terminable upon mutual agreement 
of Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions, including material breach of the 
agreement.  
As a consequence of the foregoing, in the event the Issuer’s relationships with other GS Group affiliates 
are not maintained, for any reason, including as a result of possible strategic decisions that Group, Inc. 
may make from time-to-time or as a result of material adverse changes in Group, Inc.’s performance, the 
Issuer’s net revenues may decline, the cost of operating and funding its business may increase and the 
Issuer’s business, financial condition and profitability may be materially and adversely affected. 
Furthermore, the Issuer receives a portion of its funding in the form of unsecured funding indirectly from 
Group, Inc. and from Funding IHC, and collateralised financings from other GS Group affiliates. To the 
extent such funding is not available to the Issuer, its growth could be constrained and/or its cost of 
funding could increase. 
The Issuer may be subject to additional levies placed by the FSCS. 
The FSCS is funded by levies on authorised UK firms such as the Issuer. While it is anticipated that the 
substantial majority of these facilities will be repaid wholly from recoveries from the institutions 
concerned, there is the risk of a shortfall, such that the FSCS may place additional levies on FSCS 
participants. In the event that the FSCS raises funds, raises those funds more frequently or significantly 
increases the levies to be paid by firms, the associated costs to the Issuer may have a material impact on 
the Issuer's results and financial condition. 
5. 
Internal operational control risks  
A failure in the Issuer’s operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, as well as 
human error, malfeasance or other misconduct, could impair the Issuer’s liquidity, disrupt its 
businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage its reputation and cause 
losses.  
The Issuer's businesses are highly dependent on its ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very 
large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex, and occur at high volumes and 
frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. These transactions, as well as 
information technology services provided to clients, often must adhere to client-specific guidelines, as 
well as legal and regulatory standards.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Many rules and regulations worldwide govern the Issuer's obligations to report transactions and other 
information to regulators, exchanges and investors. Compliance with these legal and reporting 
requirements can be challenging, and the group has been, and may in the future be, subject to regulatory 
fines and penalties for failing to follow these rules or to report timely, accurate and complete information 
in accordance with these rules. As such requirements expand, compliance with these rules and regulations 
has become more challenging. 
As the Issuer's client base, including through the consumer businesses, expands, and the volume, speed, 
frequency and complexity of transactions, especially electronic transactions (as well as the requirements 
to report such transactions on a real-time basis to clients, regulators and exchanges) increase, developing 
and maintaining the Issuer's operational systems and infrastructure becomes more challenging, and the 
risk of systems or human error in connection with such transactions increases, as well as the potential 
consequences of such errors due to the speed and volume of transactions involved and the potential 
difficulty associated with discovering such errors quickly enough to limit the resulting consequences. 
The use of computing devices and phones is critical to the work done by the Issuer's employees and the 
operation of the Issuer's systems and businesses and those of its clients and third-party service providers 
and vendors. Their importance has continued to increase, in particular in light of work-from-home 
arrangements implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Computers and computer networks 
are subject to various risks, including, among others, cyber attacks, inherent technological defects, 
system failures and errors by human operators. For example, fundamental security flaws in computer 
chips found in many types of these computing devices and phones have been reported in the past and 
may be discovered in the future. Cloud technologies are also critical to the operation of the Issuer's 
systems and platforms and the Issuer's reliance on cloud technologies is growing. Service disruptions 
have resulted, and may result in the future, in delays in accessing, or the loss of, data that is important to 
the Issuer's business and may hinder the Issuer's clients' access to the Issuer's platforms. In recent years 
there have been a number of widely publicised cases of outages in connection with access to cloud 
computing providers. Addressing these and similar issues could be costly and affect the performance of 
these businesses and systems. Operational risks may be incurred in applying fixes and there may still be 
residual security risks. 
Additionally, although the prevalence and scope of applications of distributed ledger technology and 
similar technologies is growing, the technology is also nascent and may be vulnerable to cyber attacks 
or have other inherent weaknesses. The Issuer is exposed to risks, and may become exposed to additional 
risks, related to distributed ledger technology, including through the Issuer’s facilitation of clients’ 
activities involving financial products that use distributed ledger technology, such as blockchain or 
cryptocurrencies, the Issuer's investments in firms that seek to develop platforms based on distributed 
ledge technology,  the use of distributed ledger technology by third-party vendors, clients, counterparties, 
clearing houses and other financial intermediaries and the receipt of cryptocurrencies or other digital 
assets as collateral. 
In addition, the Issuer faces the risk of operational failure or significant operational delay, termination or 
capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial 
intermediaries that it uses to facilitate securities and derivatives transactions, and as interconnectivity 
with clients grows, the Issuer will increasingly face the risk of operational failure or significant 
operational delay with respect to clients' systems. 
Despite the Issuer's resiliency plans and facilities, its ability to conduct business may be adversely 
impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its businesses and the communities where the 
Issuer is located. This may include a disruption involving electrical, satellite, undersea cable or other 
communications, internet, transportation or other facilities used by the Issuer, its employees or third 
parties with which the Issuer conducts business, including cloud service providers. These disruptions 
may occur as a result of events that affect only the Issuer's buildings or systems or those of such third 
parties, or as a result of events with a broader impact globally, regionally or in the cities where those 
buildings or systems are located, including, but not limited, to, natural disasters, war, civil unrest, 
terrorism, economic or political developments, pandemics and weather events. 
In addition, although the Issuer seeks to diversify its third-party vendors to increase its resiliency, the 
Issuer is also exposed to the risk that a disruption or other information technology event at a common 
service provider to the Issuer's vendors could impede their ability to provide products or services to the

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Issuer, including in connection with the Issuer's new business initiatives. The Issuer may not be able to 
effectively monitor or mitigate operational risks relating to its vendors' use of common service providers. 
A failure to protect the Issuer’s computer systems, networks and information, and its clients’ 
information, against cyber attacks and similar threats could impair its ability to conduct its businesses, 
result in the disclosure, theft or destruction of confidential information, damage its reputation and 
cause losses. 
The Issuer is regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, and must 
continuously monitor and develop its systems to protect the integrity and functionality of its technology 
infrastructure and access to and the security of its data. The increasing migration of the Issuer's 
communication from devices the Issuer provides to employee-owned devices presents additional risks of 
cyber attacks as do work-from-home arrangements such as those implemented in response to the COVID-
19 pandemic. In addition, due to the interconnectivity with third-party vendors (and their respective 
service providers), central agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial institutions, the Issuer 
could be adversely impacted if any of them is subject to a successful cyber attack or other information 
security event. These impacts could include the loss of access to information or services from the third 
party subject to the cyber attack or other information security event, which could, in turn, interrupt certain 
of the Issuer’s businesses. 
Despite the Issuer's efforts to ensure the integrity of its systems and information, it may not be able to 
anticipate, detect or implement effective preventive measures against all cyber threats, especially because 
the techniques used are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognised until 
launched. Cyber attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including third parties who are affiliated 
with or sponsored by foreign governments or are involved with organised crime or terrorist organisations. 
Third parties may also attempt to place individuals in the Issuer's office or induce employees, clients or 
other users of  the Issuer's systems to disclose sensitive information or provide access to the Issuer's data 
or that of its clients, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent. 
Although the Issuer takes protective measures proactively and endeavours to modify them as 
circumstances warrant, its computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorised 
access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber attacks on the Issuer's vendors and other 
events that could have a security impact. Risks relating to cyber attacks on the Issuer's vendors have been 
increasing given the greater frequency and severity in recent years of supply chain attacks affecting 
software and information technology service providers. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness 
of the Issuer’s systems, the process of enhancing protective measures can itself create a risk of systems 
disruptions and security issues. In addition, protective measures that the Issuer employs to 
compartmentalise its data may reduce its visibility into, and adversely affect its ability to respond to, 
cyber threats and issues within its systems. 
If one or more of such events occur, this potentially could jeopardise the Issuer or its clients' or 
counterparties' confidential and other information processed, stored in or transmitted through, the Issuer's 
computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in the Issuer's 
operations or those of its clients', its counterparties' or third parties', which could impact their ability to 
transact with the Issuer or otherwise result in legal or regulatory action, significant losses or reputational 
damage. 
In addition, such an event could persist for an extended period of time before being detected, and, 
following detection, it could take considerable time for the Issuer to obtain full and reliable information 
about the extent, amount and type of information compromised. During the course of an investigation, 
the Issuer may not know the full impact of the event and how to remediate it, and actions, decisions and 
mistakes that are taken or made may further increase the negative effects of the event on the Issuer's 
business, results of operations and reputation. 
The Issuer has expended, and expects to continue to expend, significant resources on an ongoing basis 
to modify its protective measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, but 
these measures may be ineffective and the Issuer may be subject to legal or regulatory action, as well as 
financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance it maintains.  
The Issuer’s confidential information may also be at risk from the compromise of clients’ personal 
electronic devices or as a result of a data security breach at an unrelated company. Losses due to

--- Page 27 ---
27 
unauthorised account activity could harm the Issuer’s reputation and may have adverse effects on its 
business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The increased use of mobile and cloud technologies can heighten these and other operational risks, as 
can work-from-home arrangements. Certain aspects of the security of such technologies are 
unpredictable or beyond the Issuer's control, and the failure by mobile technology and cloud service 
providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber attacks could disrupt the Issuer's 
operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of confidential and other information. In 
addition, there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures, despite their sophistication, may 
be defeated, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies vastly increase the speed and 
computing power available.  
The Issuer routinely transmits and receives personal, confidential and proprietary information by email 
and other electronic means. The Issuer has discussed and worked with clients, vendors, service providers, 
counterparties and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against 
cyber attacks, but does not have, and may be unable to put in place, secure capabilities with all of its 
clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties and it may not be able to ensure 
that these third parties have appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of the information. 
An interception, misuse or mishandling of personal, confidential or proprietary information being sent 
to or received from a client, vendor, service provider, counterparty or other third party could result in 
legal liability, regulatory action and reputational harm. 
The Issuer may incur losses as a result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies. 
The Issuer seeks to monitor and control its risk exposure through a risk and control framework 
encompassing a variety of separate, but complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and 
legal reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms The 
Issuer's risk management process seeks to balance its ability to profit from market-making positions and 
underwriting activities in which it engages with its exposure to potential losses. Whilst the Issuer employs 
a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the 
judgements that accompany their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or 
the specifics and timing of such outcomes. Thus, in the course of its activities, the Issuer has incurred 
and may in the future incur losses. Market conditions in recent years have involved unprecedented 
dislocations and highlight the limitations inherent in using historical data to manage risk.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
B. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSES OF ASSESSING THE 
MARKET RISKS IN RELATION TO THE CDS
1.
Risks related to the value and liquidity of the CDs  
The CDs may not have an active trading market. 
Although application will be made for admission of the CDs to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a secondary market 
for any CDs issued by the Issuer is unlikely to develop. Even if a secondary market for a CD develops, 
it may not provide significant liquidity. The Issuer and/or its affiliates have no obligation to make a 
market with respect to the CDs and make no commitment to make a market in or repurchase the CDs. 
The Issuer expects that transaction costs in any secondary market would be high. As a result, the 
difference between bid and asked prices for the CD in any secondary market could be substantial. If the 
Issuer or its affiliates do make a market for the CDs, they may cease to do so at any time without notice 
to investors and are not obligated to provide any quotation of bid or offer price(s) of the CDs which is 
favourable to investors. 
Price discrepancies in the secondary market. 
The value or quoted price of the CDs at any time will reflect many factors and cannot be predicted, and 
if a purchaser sells his or her CDs prior to its maturity, such purchaser may receive less than its Issue 
Price. Such factors, most of which are beyond the control of the Issuer, will influence the market price 
of the CDs, and will include national and international economic, financial, regulatory, political, terrorist, 
military and other events that affect securities generally, interest and yield rates in the market, the time 
remaining until the CDs mature, the creditworthiness of the Issuer, whether actual or perceived. 
Furthermore, if any purchaser sells their CDs, the purchaser will likely be charged a commission for 
secondary market transactions, or the price will likely reflect a dealer discount. 
Changes in interest rates are likely to affect the market price of any CDs issued by the Issuer. 
The Issuer expects that the market price of any CDs it may issue will be affected by changes in interest 
rates, although these changes may affect such CDs and a traditional debt security to different degrees. In 
general, if interest rates increase, the Issuer expects that the market value of a fixed income instrument 
which paid interest and an amount equal to the outstanding nominal amount of a CD an investor may 
purchase on the same schedule as that CD would decrease, whereas if interest rates decrease, the Issuer 
expects that the market value of such a fixed income instrument would increase. 
Changes in the Issuer's credit ratings may affect the market price of a CD. 
The Issuer's credit ratings are an assessment of its ability to pay its obligations, including those on any 
CDs it may issue. Consequently, actual or anticipated changes in the Issuer's credit ratings may affect 
the market price of a CD. However, because the return on a CD is typically dependent upon certain 
factors in addition to the Issuer's ability to pay its obligations on the CD, an improvement in the Issuer's 
credit ratings will not reduce the other investment risks related to any such CDs. 
Risks relating to the regulation and reform of certain published rates, indices and other values or 
"benchmarks". 
A number of major interest rates, other rates, indices and other published values or benchmarks are the 
subject of on-going national and international regulatory reforms. These reforms may cause such 
benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of 
and return on CDs linked to any such value or benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and regulations 
made thereunder (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation", and together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, 
the "Benchmarks Regulations") are a key element of the ongoing regulatory reform in, respectively, 
the EU and the United Kingdom. In addition to "critical benchmarks" such as EURIBOR, other interest

--- Page 29 ---
29 
rates, foreign exchange rates and indices, including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or 
strategies, will in most cases be within scope of one or both of the Benchmarks Regulations as 
"benchmarks" where they are used to determine the amount payable under, or the value of, certain 
financial instruments (including (i) in the case of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, CDs listed on an EU 
regulated market or EU multilateral trading facility and (ii) in the case of the UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
CDs listed on a UK recognised investment exchange or a UK multilateral trading facility), and in a 
number of other circumstances. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the 
administration of a benchmark and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation requires EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered as such 
and to comply with extensive requirements relating to benchmark administration. It also prohibits, 
subject to transitional provisions, certain uses by EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks provided by 
EU administrators which are not authorised or registered in accordance with the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided by non-EU administrators where (i) the non-EU administrator 
is not authorised or registered in a jurisdiction with a regulatory regime that has been determined to be 
"equivalent" to that of the EU in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, (ii) the administrator 
has not been recognised in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and (iii) the benchmark has 
not been endorsed in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
The UK Benchmarks Regulation contains substantially the same provisions as the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, but has a narrower geographical scope. The UK Benchmarks Regulation applies to the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark, the administration of a benchmark, and the use of a benchmark 
in the United Kingdom. 
ESMA maintains a public register of EU-approved benchmark administrators and non-EU benchmarks 
pursuant to the EU Benchmarks Regulation (the "ESMA Register"). Benchmarks and benchmark 
administrators which were approved by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020 were removed from the 
ESMA Register on 1 January 2021. 
Since 1 January 2021, the FCA has maintained a separate public register of FCA-approved benchmark 
administrators and non-UK benchmarks pursuant to the UK Benchmarks Regulation (the "UK 
Register"). The UK Register includes benchmark administrators and benchmarks which were approved 
by the FCA prior to 31 December 2020. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on 
CDs linked to a benchmark rate or index. For example: 

a benchmark could be prohibited from being used in the EU if (subject to applicable transitional 
provisions) (a) its administrator is based in the EU and is not authorised or registered in 
accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, or (b) its administrator (i) is based in a non-
EU jurisdiction which does not satisfy the "equivalence" conditions and (ii) is not "recognised" 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation pending such a decision, and the benchmark has not been 
"endorsed" in accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation. In such case, depending on the 
particular benchmark and the applicable terms of the CDs, the CDs could be de-listed, adjusted, 
redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise impacted;  

similarly, a benchmark could be prohibited from being used in the United Kingdom if (subject 
to applicable transitional provisions) (a) its administrator is based in the United Kingdom and 
is not authorised or registered in accordance with the UK Benchmarks Regulation, or (b) its 
administrator (i) is based in a non-UK jurisdiction which does not satisfy the "equivalence" 
conditions and (ii) is not "recognised" under the UK Benchmarks Regulation pending such a 
decision, and the benchmark has not been "endorsed" in accordance with the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation. In such case, depending on the particular benchmark and the applicable terms of 
the CDs, the CDs could be de-listed, adjusted, redeemed prior to maturity or otherwise impacted; 
and 

the methodology or other terms of the benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the applicable Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could reduce or increase the 
rate or level or affect the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments

--- Page 30 ---
30 
to the terms of the CDs, including Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its 
discretion. 
Ongoing national and international regulatory reforms and the increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks generally could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in 
the setting of a benchmark and complying with any applicable regulations or requirements. Such factors 
may discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to benchmarks, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in respect of benchmarks, and/or lead to the disappearance 
of benchmarks. This could result in (i) the substitution of replacement rates for such benchmark(s), (ii) 
adjustments to the terms of the relevant CDs, (iii) discretionary valuation of the rate by the Calculation 
Agent, (iv) delisting of the relevant CDs and/or (v) other consequences for CDs linked to any such 
benchmark(s). Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any CDs linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Specifically, regulatory authorities and central banks  have identified 'risk free rates' to replace IBORs, 
such as LIBOR and EURIBOR, as primary benchmarks. This includes (amongst others) (i) for GBP 
LIBOR, the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA"), (ii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate ("SOFR"), (iii) for EURIBOR and EONIA, the Euro Short-Term Rate ("€STR" or 
"EuroSTR"), (iv) for CHF LIBOR, the Swiss Average Rate Overnight ("SARON") and (v) for JPY 
LIBOR, the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate ("TONA"). The reform and replacement of IBORs with 
risk-free rates may cause the relevant IBOR to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, 
or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. These risk-free rates may have a different 
methodology and other important differences from the IBORs they have replaced or will replace. Any of 
these developments could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on CDs linked to any 
such rates. 
2.
Risks related to certain product terms or features  
Risks associated with CDs that reference overnight risk-free rates as the Reference Rate. 
The market continues to develop with respect to overnight risk-free rates (including SONIA, SOFR, 
€STR or EuroSTR, SARON, TONA, the Hong Kong Dollar Overnight Index Average ("HONIA"), the 
Singapore Overnight Rate Average ("SORA") or the Reserve Bank of Australia's Interbank Overnight 
Cash Rate ("AONIA") ("Overnight Risk-Free Rates")) as reference rates in the capital markets and 
their adoption as an alternative to their respective IBOR counterparts.  In particular, whilst CDs may be 
issued under the Programme that reference the Overnight Risk-Free Rates using a compounded in arrear 
or weighted average formula, it is possible that the market or a significant part thereof may adopt a 
different application of such rate.  The key terms to calculate and determine the applicable reference rate 
in respect of the Overnight Risk-Free Rates, such as for example the compounding structure applied (if 
any), the use of term rates (if any), the spread over the index reflected in interest rate provisions or the 
applicable observation method, may evolve over time in the debt capital markets and trading prices of 
CDs that reference an Overnight Risk-Free Rate as the Reference Rate may be lower than those of later-
issued indexed debt securities as a result.  
Interest on CDs which reference an Overnight Risk-Free Rate as the Reference Rate is only capable of 
being determined at the end of an observation period and shortly prior to the relevant interest payment 
date. It may therefore be difficult (if not impossible) for investors in CDs which reference an Overnight 
Risk-Free Rate as the Reference Rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable 
on such CDs. Some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such CDs without changes to their 
information technology or other operational systems, which could adversely impact their liquidity. 
Further, if the CDs become due and payable prior to their stated maturity, the rate of interest payable 
shall be determined on the date the CDs became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter.  
The manner of adoption or application of the Overnight Risk-Free Rates as reference rates in the debt 
capital markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of such Overnight 
Risk-Free Rates in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets.  Investors should carefully 
consider how any mismatch across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
CDs referencing an Overnight Risk-Free Rate.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
Further, the composition and characteristics of the Overnight Risk-Free Rates are not the same and are 
different from the composition and characteristics of their respective IBOR counterparts.  For example, 
the Overnight Risk-Free Rates are backward-looking overnight rates measuring the rate paid by banks 
on overnight wholesale funds, compared to IBORs which are forward-looking term rates measuring the 
cost of borrowing for a future period. Certain Overnight Risk-Free Rates, such as SONIA, €STR and 
TONA, are unsecured overnight rates, whereas others, such as SOFR, are secured overnight rates. As a 
result, there can be no assurance that the Overnight Risk-Free Rates (or any term reference rate derived 
on any of them) will perform in the same way as their respective IBOR counterparts would have at any 
time, including, without limitation, as a result of changes in interest and yield rates in the market, market 
volatility or global or regional economic, financial, political, regulatory, judicial or other events. 
Because the Overnight Risk-Free Rates are published based on data received from a variety of sources, 
the Issuer has no control over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices 
or availability at any time without notice. There can be no guarantee, particularly given the relatively 
recent introduction and publication of these rates and their adoption as replacements for their respective 
IBOR counterparts, that these rates will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is 
materially adverse to the interests of investors in the CDs that reference an Overnight Risk-Free Rate as 
the Reference Rate. If the manner in which the Overnight Risk-Free Rates are calculated is changed, that 
change may result in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the CDs and the trading prices of 
the CDs.  
In addition, the administrators of Overnight Risk-Free Rates (such as the Bank of England (in the case 
of SONIA), the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (in the case of SOFR) or the European Central Bank 
(in the case of €STR), as the case may be) may withdraw, modify or amend published data relating to 
relevant rate in its sole discretion and without notice. In respect of any floating rate CDs for which 
"Screen Rate Determination" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest 
rate under the CDs for any day will not be adjusted for any modifications or amendments to data that the 
Bank of England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or the European Central Bank (as the case may 
be) may publish after the interest rate for that day has been determined. Equally, although the Bank of 
England, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and the European Central Bank publish historical data 
(or historical indicative data) in respect of SONIA, SOFR and €STR respectively, investors should not 
rely on any historical changes or trends in SONIA, SOFR or €STR as an indicator of future changes in 
such rates.   
Furthermore, since the Overnight Risk-Free Rates are relatively new reference rates, CDs that reference 
an Overnight Risk-Free Rate as the Reference Rate may not have an established trading market and an 
established trading market may not develop or may not be very liquid.  Similarly, if the Overnight Risk-
Free Rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the CDs, the trading price of the CDs that 
reference an Overnight Risk-Free Rate as the Reference Rate may be lower than those of CDs linked to 
reference rates that are more widely used. Investors in CDs that reference an Overnight Risk-Free Rate 
as the Reference Rate may not be able to sell such CDs at all or may not be able to sell such CDs at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market, and may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Risks relating to CDs that reference EURIBOR as the Reference Rate 
If, in respect of CDs that reference EURIBOR as the  Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent determines 
that EURIBOR has been discontinued or has otherwise ceased to exist, the Calculation Agent shall select 
a substitute or successor rate of interest to replace it. The substitute rate selected shall be the rate that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be most comparable to the original reference rate, except that if the 
Calculation Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted substitute or successor rate of interest, it 
will select such rate of interest. The Calculation Agent may also apply such adjustments as it determines 
to be appropriate. The disappearance of a rate could have other potential consequences in relation to the 
CDs. 
Risks relating to floating rate CDs that reference the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative Definitions 
If, in respect of floating rate CDs in respect of which the Reference Rate is to be determined by reference 
to the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative Definitions, the Calculation Agent determines that a 
Temporary Non-Publication Trigger or a Permanent Cessation Trigger has occurred in relation to the 
relevant Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent shall apply the relevant provisions of the 2021 ISDA

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Interest Rate Derivative Definitions and Matrices (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative 
Definitions), as amended, in the relevant terms and conditions of the CD, in order to determine the 
appropriate fallback rate that may be used to calculate the relevant reference rate or to select a 
replacement or substitute reference rate.  The temporary unavailability or permanent cessation of any 
such Reference Rate may result in a different reference rate being used to determine the determine the 
interest amount payable under such CDs. 
Extendible CDs may be redeemed after their initial Maturity Date and the interest rates may alter. 
The initial Maturity Date of extendible CDs may be extended automatically until an Extended Maturity 
Date as specified in the Final Terms. The payment of the unpaid amount may be automatically deferred 
and will be become due and payable on the applicable Extended Maturity Date if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In addition, the provisions relating to interest payable relating to the extendible 
CDs may differ from the initial CDs. 
Extendible CDs are subject to restrictions on transfer. 
If the Issuer exercises its Issuer Extension Option, the relevant Extendible A CDs or Extendible B CDs 
will be non-transferable in the period between the relevant Exercise Deadline and the relevant Extension 
Date.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This document should be read and construed in conjunction with each supplement to this Base Prospectus 
and the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The following documents, which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF and 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part 
of, this Base Prospectus: 
1.
the strategic report, directors' report and audited financial statements of the Issuer for the period 
ended 
31 
December 
2020 
(https://www.goldmansachs.com/investor-
relations/financials/current/subsidiary-financial-info/gsib/gsib-12-31-2020-financial-
statements.pdf) 
2.
the strategic report, directors' report and audited financial statements of the Issuer for the year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
https://www.goldmansachs.com/investor-
relations/financials/subsidiary-financial-info/gsib/2021/gsib-12-31-2021-financial-
statements.pdf)
Cross-Reference List 
Goldman Sachs International 
Bank ("GSIB") Information in 
the Financial Statements 
GSIB 2021 Financial 
Statement 
GSIB 2020 Financial 
Statement 
Strategic Report 
p. 2-5 
p. 2-15 
Directors' Report 
p. 6-12 
p. 16-21 
Balance Sheet 
p. 20 
p. 31 
Statement 
of 
Comprehensive 
Income 
p. 19 
p. 30 
Statement of Cash Flows* 
p. 22 
p. 33 
Notes to Financial Statements 
p. 23-63 
p. 34-75 
Independent Auditor's Report 
p. 13-18 
p. 22-29 
Statement of Changes in Equity 
p. 21 
p. 32 
* Note that the Issuer is a greater than 90 per cent. subsidiary of the Group, Inc., whose consolidated accounts include the Issuer 
and are publicly available and is, therefore, exempt from preparing a cash flow statement as required by FRS1. 
During the period ended 31 December 2020, the Issuer changed its accounting reference date from 30 
November to 31 December. Therefore, the Issuer's 2020 strategic report, directors' report and audited 
financial statements have been prepared to cover the 13 months ended 31 December 2020, with 
comparative information being presented for the 12 months ended 30 November 2019. Accordingly, it 
may be the case that certain amounts presented in the Issuer's financial statements for the period ended 
31 December 2020 are not directly comparable. 
The Issuer's Financial Statements Prepared in Accordance with IFRS 
The Issuer's audited financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2020 and the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021, which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, have been 
prepared in accordance with UK-adopted International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as 
adopted pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 as it applies in the European Union.  
Any information included in the documents incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-
reference list above is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus and is considered to be 
either not relevant for an investor or is otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any 
information on the Issuer's website does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the competent authority unless incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Investors who have not previously reviewed the information contained in the above documents should 
do so in connection with their evaluation of any CDs. Any statement contained in a document or the 
relevant portion of which is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, shall be deemed to be

--- Page 34 ---
34 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained 
in this Base Prospectus or in any supplement to this Base Prospectus filed under Article 23 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation, including any documents incorporated therein by reference, modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). The documents 
incorporated by reference will be available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.luxse.com). 
This Base Prospectus shall remain valid for a period of 12 months after its approval until  March 2024 
for admissions to trading on a regulated market, provided that it is completed by any supplement required 
pursuant to the EU Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement a prospectus in the event of 
significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is 
no longer valid.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Legal name 
Goldman Sachs International Bank 
Legal form/status 
The Issuer is an unlimited liability company incorporated in 
England and Wales and operating under the laws of England and 
Wales.  
Date 
of 
incorporation/ 
establishment 
12 July 1973, under the name First International Bancshares 
Limited.  
Registered office 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
Registration number and place 
of registration  
The Issuer is incorporated in England and Wales with company 
number 01122503.  
Issuer's mission 
As stated in article 2 of its articles of association, the Issuer's 
objects are unrestricted and include the power to carry on the 
business of banking in all its aspects and in all parts of the world, 
including acting as investment and financial advisor, receiving 
monies on deposit and providing credit (with or without 
security) to such persons and on such terms as it may elect. 
Brief description of current 
activities 
The Issuer is involved in lending and deposit-taking activities, 
securities lending and acts as a primary dealer for European 
government bonds. In March 2018, the Issuer’s European 
government bond market-making activities were transferred to a 
group undertaking and in September 2018 the Issuer launched a 
digital deposit platform in the UK, Marcus: by Goldman Sachs. 
The Issuer further continues to focus on the expansion of its 
lending and deposit-taking activities while remaining a primary 
dealer for European government bonds. 
The Issuer's principal office is in the UK, but the Issuer also 
operates branches in Germany (the Frankfurt branch), which is 
involved in lending activities, and South Africa (the 
Johannesburg branch), which is involved in client execution 
activities. The Issuer also has a representative office in China 
(the Beijing rep office). Please see further "Additional 
Information on the Issuer" on pages 35 to 28 of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Shareholder's 
equity 
(31 
December 2021) 
US$ in millions 
Share capital 
63 
Share premium account 
2,094 
Retained earnings 
1,420 
Accumulated other comprehensive 
income 
(74) 
Total shareholder's equity 
3,503
List of main shareholders 
The Issuer is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Goldman Sachs 
Group UK Limited, a company incorporated and registered in 
England and Wales. The ultimate parent company of the Issuer

--- Page 36 ---
36 
is The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ("Group, Inc."), a company 
incorporated in the United States of America. 
Listing of the shares of the Issuer 
Not applicable. 
Composition 
of 
governing 
bodies and supervisory bodies 
Board of Directors 
The directors of the Issuer and their principal activities outside 
the Issuer are set out as below. The business address of each 
director is Plumtree Court, 25 Shoe Lane, London EC4A 4AU, 
United Kingdom.  
Name 
Position 
Positions 
outside the 
Issuer 
Nigel Harman 
Director 
Chartered 
Accountant 
Therese Lynn Miller 
Director 
Lawyer 
Catherine Gail Cripps 
Director 
Investment 
Manager 
Samuel Phillip Gyimah 
Director 
Director 
Nirubhan 
Pathmanabhan 
Director 
Banker 
Alexander Simon 
Golten 
Director 
Chief 
Market 
Risk Officer 
Richard John Gnodde 
Director 
Investment 
Banker 
Sir Bradley Fried 
Director 
Director 
Lisa Anne Donnelly 
Director 
Director 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no existing or potential conflicts of interest between 
any duties of the directors of the Issuer and their private interest 
and other duties. 
Rating of the Issuer 
Rating 
Agency 
Long 
Rating 
Term 
Debt 
Short 
Rating 
Term 
Debt 
S&P 
A+ 
A-1 
Fitch 
A+ 
F1 
Moody's 
A1 
P-1 
Additional Information on the Issuer 
Goldman Sachs International Bank is a private unlimited company and is incorporated and domiciled in 
England and Wales, with company registration number 01122503, and registered address Plumtree 
Court, 25 Shoe Lane, London EC4A 4AU, United Kingdom, telephone number +44 20 7774 1000. The 
Issuer was formed as an English company on 12 July 1973, under the name First International Bancshares 
Limited. The Issuer does not maintain a website.  
The Issuer's primary regulators are the Prudential Regulation Authority and the FCA.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
As at the financial year ended 31 December 2021, the Issuer reports its business activities as a single 
operating segment.  
No significant change in the Issuer's principal activities is expected.  
Organisational Structure 
The Issuer's immediate parent undertaking is Goldman Sachs Group UK Limited ("GSG UK"), a 
company incorporated and domiciled in England and Wales. The ultimate parent undertaking and 
controlling entity of the Issuer is  Group, Inc.,  a bank holding company and a financial holding company 
regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System ("Federal Reserve Board"). Group, 
Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, form GS Group. GS Group is a leading global investment 
banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to 
a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments 
and individuals. GS Group has a presence in Europe, the Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") through a 
number of subsidiaries, including the Issuer. 
Trend Information  
Global 
The Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022 has led to significant disruption in financial markets 
and increased uncertainty in the business environment in which GS Group operates. The future impact 
of the war on GS Group's operational and financial performance remains difficult to predict at this time.  
As at the time of this Base Prospectus, there continues to be uncertainty regarding the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic. The extent of the impact will depend on future developments including the 
duration of the pandemic and potential future variants. 
Litigation 
The Issuer is not nor has it been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on the Issuer's financial position or profitability. In the foregoing statement required by the 
Prospectus Regulation, references to the "financial position or profitability" of the Issuer are specifically 
to the ability of the Issuer to meet its full payment obligations under the CDs in a timely manner. Material 
information about the Issuer's financial position and profitability are included in the audited financial 
statements of the Issuer for the period ended 31 December 2020 and the audited financial statements of 
the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021, which are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus.  
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any material contracts which are not in the ordinary course of the Issuer's 
business, and which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to 
the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations to holders of the CDs. 
Overview of Financial Information 
The financial information set out below has been extracted from (as applicable) the audited financial 
statements of the Issuer for the period ended 31 December 2020 which have been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and on which PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has issued an unqualified 
audit report, and the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 
which have been audited by Mazars LLP and on which Mazars LLP has issued an unqualified audit 
report. 
Auditors 
The statutory financial statements of the Issuer for the period ended 31 December 2020 have been audited 
without qualification by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors, 
1 Embankment Place London WC2N 6RH, United Kingdom in accordance with the laws of England.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP is a registered member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 
England and Wales. 
The statutory financial statements of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 have been audited 
without qualification by Mazars LLP, Chartered Accountants and Statutory Auditors, Tower Bridge 
House, St Katharine's Dock, London E1W 1DD, United Kingdom in accordance with the laws of 
England. Mazars LLP is a registered member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and 
Wales.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following tables set out in summary form the consolidated income statement and balance of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 and the period ended 31 December 2020.  Such 
information is extracted (without material adjustment) from, and is qualified by reference to and should 
be read in conjunction with, the audited financial statement of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 and the period ended 31 December 2020, which are incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
Income Statement 
Year ended 31 
December 2021 
US$ in millions 
Period ended 31 December 
2020 
US$ in millions 
Interest income from financial instruments 
measured at fair value through profit or loss
346 
538 
Interest income from financial instruments 
measured 
at 
fair 
value 
through 
other 
comprehensive income
6 
1 
Interest income from financial instruments 
measured at amortised cost
340 
381 
Interest expense from financial instruments 
measured at fair value through profit or loss
(101) 
(180) 
Interest expense from financial instruments 
measured at amortised cost
(217) 
(418) 
Net interest income 
374 
322 
Gains or losses from financial instruments at 
fair value through profit or loss
(75) 
111 
Fees and commissions
102 
62 
Non-interest income
27 
173 
NET REVENUES 
401 
495 
Impairments on financial instruments
89
(147)
Operating expenses
(207)
(149)
PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION 
283 
199 
Income tax expense 
(82) 
(57) 
PROFIT / (LOSS) FOR THE FINANCIAL 
PERIOD 
201 
142

--- Page 40 ---
40 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
US$ in millions 
Period  ended 31 December 
2020 
US$ in millions 
Profit for the financial period
201
142
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
ITEMS THAT WILL NOT BE 
RECLASSIFIED SUBSEQUENTLY TO 
PROFIT OR LOSS 
Debt valuation adjustment
14
(19)
UK deferred tax attributable to components 
of other comprehensive income 
(4) 
5 
TOTAL ITEMS THAT WILL NOT BE 
RECLASSIFIED SUBSEQUENTLY TO 
PROFIT OR LOSS 
10 
(14) 
)
ITEMS THAT WILL BE 
RECLASSIFIED SUBSEQUENTLY TO 
PROFIT OR LOSS 
Translation gains / (losses) and net 
investment hedges 
1 
(1) 
Gains / (losses) from financial instruments 
measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
(95) 
9 
U.K. deferred tax attributable to the 
components of other comprehensive income
25 
(2) 
TOTAL ITEMS THAT WILL BE 
RECLASSIFIED SUBSEQUENTLY TO 
PROFIT OR LOSS 
(69) 
6 
OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME / 
(LOSS) FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR, 
NET OF TAX 
(59) 
(8) 
TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
FOR THE FINANCIAL PERIOD
142 
134

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Balance Sheet 
As of 31 December 2021 
US$ in millions 
As of 31 December 2020 
US$ in millions 
ASSETS 
Cash and cash equivalents
9,901
10,082
Customer and other receivables
292
720
Collateralised agreements
55,190
32,880
Trading assets
3,227
1,689
Loans 
11,800 
10,463 
Investments
5,080
2,970
Other assets
1,032
960
TOTAL ASSETS 
86,522
59,773
LIABILITIES  
Collateralised financings  
234 
219 
Customer and other payables 
252 
459 
Trading liabilities 
826 
1,221 
Deposits  
79,635 
52,799 
Unsecured borrowings 
1,896 
1,555 
Other liabilities 
176 
159 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
83,019 
56,412 
SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 
Share capital 
63 
63 
Share premium account 
2,094 
2,094 
Retained earnings 
1,420 
1,219 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
(74) 
(15) 
TOTAL SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 
3,503 
3,361 
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND 
SHAREHOLDER'S EQUITY 
86,522 
59,773

--- Page 42 ---
42 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S REQUEST FOR A STEP LABEL  
An application to obtain a STEP label for this Programme will be made to the STEP Secretariat in relation 
to the A CDs eligible under the STEP Market Convention. Information as to whether the STEP label has 
been granted for this Programme may be made available on the STEP market website 
(www.stepmarket.org). 
This website is not sponsored by the Issuer and the Issuer is not responsible for its content or availability. 
Unless otherwise specified in this Base Prospectus, the expressions "STEP", "STEP Market Convention", 
"STEP label", "STEP Secretariat", and "STEP market website" shall have the meaning assigned to them 
in the Market Convention on Short-Term European Paper dated 19 May 2015 and adopted by Euribor-
ACI – the Financial Markets Association and the European Money Markets Institute (as amended from 
time to time).

--- Page 43 ---
Person responsible for the 
Base Prospectus
CERTIFICATION OF INFORMATION
Goldman Sachs International Bank, represented by Richard Taylor.
Declaration of the person(s) 
responsible for Base 
Prospectus
Date, Place of Signature, 
Signature
The Issuer certifies that, to the best of its knowledge, the information 
contained in the Base Prospectus and its supplements, if any, is in 
accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect its import, and does not contain any 
misrepresentation that would make it misleading.
March 2023, London
________________________________
Name:
Title:
43
9
Kyle Williams
Managing Director

--- Page 44 ---
44 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE A CDS 
Each A CD issued under the Programme will be subject to the following terms and conditions that, 
subject to completion and amendment and as supplemented or varied in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms, shall be applicable to bearer A CDs in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for a 
Global A CD representing the relevant issue of A CDs.  The applicable Final Terms will be attached to 
each Global A CD and each bearer A CD in definitive form.  The following terms and conditions of A 
CDs must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus and the relevant Global A CD and the Final 
Terms attached thereto: 
Issue Price 
The Issue Price of each A CD will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Issue Price in respect of other A CDs of a series might be different 
from the Issue Price set forth in the applicable Final Terms due to the 
prevailing market conditions or any other relevant factors. 
Issue Date 
In relation to any A CDs, the Business Day on which such A CDs are 
issued under the Programme and on which cash payments are due to be 
made by the subscribers of the A CDs to the Issuer and, unless stated in 
the Final Terms (if applicable), on which an A CD starts to yield 
interest. 
Interest Rate 
A CDs issued under the Programme may accrue interest on a fixed rate 
basis, a floating rate basis or be non-interest bearing A CDs. 
Fixed Rate A CDs 
The Interest Rate payable from time to time in respect of A CDs issued 
on a fixed rate basis will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate A CDs 
The Interest Rate payable from time to time in respect of A CDs issued 
on a floating rate basis will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and the provisions below. 
Screen Rate Determination: 
In respect of A CDs issued on a floating rate basis in respect of which 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Reference Rate shall be either:
(i) 
the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"); 
(ii) 
SOFR (as defined below); 
(iii) 
SONIA (as defined below); or 
(iv) 
€STR (as defined below), 
or any other reference rate as may be selected by the Issuer, in each 
case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent and as specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
the Reference Rate (a) (in the case of A CDs where the Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as EURIBOR) which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the day 
that is two TARGET Banking Days preceding the Interest Reset Date; 
or (b) (in the case of A CDs where the Reference Rate is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as SOFR, SONIA or €STR), as determined

--- Page 45 ---
45 
in accordance with the following provisions, in each case, plus or minus 
the spread (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If, in the case of A CDs where the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as EURIBOR, such rate does not appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page, the Interest Rate will be the rate as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the rates at which deposits in 
euro are offered by the Reference Banks at approximately 11:00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the day that is two TARGET Banking Days  
preceding the Interest Reset Date to prime banks in, the Euro-zone inter-
bank market for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, commencing on the Interest Reset Date and in a 
Representative Amount. The Calculation Agent will request the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the 
Interest Rate for that Interest Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of 
the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, 
the Interest Rate for that Interest Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean 
of the rates quoted by major banks in New York City, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) 
on the Interest Reset Date for loans in euro to leading European banks 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, commencing on the Interest Reset Date and in a Representative 
Amount. 
In respect of A CDs where the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
Reference Rate is SOFR, SONIA or €STR, the Interest Rate for each 
Interest Period will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent and 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms as follows plus or minus the 
spread (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
A.
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)", 
the Reference Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
As used in this provision: 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with SOFR, SONIA or €STR as the Reference Rate for 
the calculation of interest as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, as at 
the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, (in the case of 
SONIA) to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards and (in the case of SOFR or €STR) to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖− 𝑝𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥𝐷
𝑑
where: 
"Business Day" or "BD" means (i) where "SOFR" is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a US 
Government Securities Business Day; (ii) where "SONIA" is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a 
London Banking Day; and (iii) where "€STR" is specified as the

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a TARGET Banking 
Day; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" means (where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Observation Method) the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Interest Period or (where "Shift" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method) the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" means (where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method) the number of 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period, or (where "Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method) 
the number of Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ECB's Website" means the website of the European Central Bank 
currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank (any 
information on the ECB's website does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
competent authority unless incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus); 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate), on the ECB's Website, in each case on 
or before 9:00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to "d0," each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first Business Day (where "Lag" or "Lock-
out" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Observation 
Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where "Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method) 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" means, for any Business Day "i", the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following Business Day; 
"New York Fed's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
currently 
at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website officially 
designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (any 
information on the New York Fed's website or any successor 
website does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the competent authority unless 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date which is "p" Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on, and include, the Issue Date) and

--- Page 47 ---
47 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the applicable Global A CD becomes due and payable);  
"p" means, for any Interest Period (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms): 
a)
where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
Business Days); or 
b)
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, zero;  
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the date falling "p" 
Business Days prior to each Interest Reset Date; 
"r" means:  
a)
where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any Business Day, 
the Reference Rate in respect of such Business Day; 
b)
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Interest Period, the Reference Rate for 
the Business Day immediately preceding such day; and in 
respect of any Business Day "i" falling on or after the "Lock-
out Date" specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no 
"Lock-out Date" is specified, five Business Days prior to each 
Interest Reset Date), the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period (such last Business Day coinciding 
with the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date); 
"ri-pBD" means, in relation to any Interest Period, the applicable 
Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, where 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the 
relevant Business Day "i" or, where "Lock-out" or "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ("New York Fed"), as 
the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in each case on or about 
5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day; 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average for such 
Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case

--- Page 48 ---
48 
on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day; 
and 
"US Government Securities Business Day" means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
B.
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Weighted 
Average Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
As used in this provision: 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means, with respect to any 
Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of SOFR, SONIA or €STR in 
effect during such Interest Period as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
at the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, (in the case 
of SONIA) to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards and (in the case of SOFR or €STR) to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards:  
[∑(𝑟𝑖− 𝑝𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥𝐷
𝑑
where: 
"Business Day", "BD", "D", "d", "do", "i", "n" and "p" have the 
meanings given to them in the provision relating to "Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate" specified above; 
"ri–pBD" means (unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms): 
a)
(where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms) in respect of any Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Interest Period, the relevant Reference 
Rate for the Business Day falling "p" Business Days prior to 
such day "i"; 
b)
(where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Reference Rate determined in 
accordance with paragraph a) above, except that in respect of 
each Business Day "i" falling on or after the "Lock-out Date" 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no "Lock-
out Date" is specified, five Business Days prior to each Interest 
Reset Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, the 
relevant Reference Rate determined in accordance with 
paragraph a) above in respect of such "Lock-out Date"; and 
c)
(where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms) in respect of any Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the relevant 
Reference Rate in respect of such day "i"; and

--- Page 49 ---
49 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means (unless otherwise 
defined in the applicable Final Terms) the date falling five Business 
Days prior to each Interest Payment Date.  
C.
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Calculation Method is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily (Non-Index 
Determination)", if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines the Reference Rate is not available, such 
Reference Rate shall be SOFR for the first preceding Business Day 
on which SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen Page and 
"r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
D.
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily (Non-
Index Determination)", if, in respect of any Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period or Observation Period, the Calculation 
Agent determines  SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such Reference Rate shall be: 
a)
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the relevant Business 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more 
than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
b)
if such Bank Rate is not available, SONIA published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which SONIA was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors), 
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
E.
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Calculation Method is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily (Non-Index 
Determination)", if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines the Reference Rate is not available, such 
Reference Rate shall be €STR for the first preceding Business Day 
on which €STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page and "r" 
shall be interpreted accordingly.  
F.
In the event that the Reference Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Reference Rate shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Reference Rate 
Determination Date to which the foregoing provisions shall have 
applied or (ii) if there is no such preceding Reference Rate 
Determination Date, the initial Reference Rate which would have 
been applicable to the relevant A CDs for the first Interest Period 
had the relevant A CDs been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Issue Date. 
G.
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "Compounded Daily (Index Determination)", the

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Reference Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
As used in this provision: 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with SOFR or SONIA as the Reference Rate for the 
calculation of interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, as at the relevant 
Reference Rate Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, (in the case of SONIA) to 
the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards and 
(in the case of SOFR) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥𝐷
𝑑
where:  
"Business Day" or "BD" means (i) where "SOFR" is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a US 
Government Securities Business Day; and (ii) where "SONIA" is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a 
London Banking Day; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" means the number of calendar days from (and including) the 
day in relation to which Reference Rate Compounded IndexStart is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which 
Reference Rate Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"p" means, for any Interest Period (unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) five Business Days; 
"Reference Rate Compounded Index" means: 
(i) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate and the 
Calculation Method is specified as "Compounded Daily 
(Index Determination) in the applicable Final Terms, the 
screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates 
administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference 
rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or 
other information service from time to time on the relevant 
Reference Rate Determination Date, as further specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate and the 
Calculation Method is specified as "Compounded Daily 
(Index Determination)" in the applicable Final Terms, with 
respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the SOFR index value as published by the administrator of 
the SOFR reference rate as such index appears on the New

--- Page 51 ---
51 
York Fed's Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York 
time) on such US Government Securities Business Day; 
"Reference Rate Compounded IndexStart" means, with respect to 
an Interest Period, the Reference Rate Compounded Index 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period;  
"Reference Rate Compounded IndexEnd" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the Reference Rate Compounded Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of Business Days 
prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or 
(B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period);  
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the date falling "p" 
Business Days prior to each Interest Reset Date; 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
and 
"US Government Securities Business Day" means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Compounded Index is not published 
or displayed by the administrator of the Reference Rate or other 
information service by i) in respect of the SONIA reference rate, 
5.00 p.m. (London time); or ii) in respect of the SOFR reference 
rate, 3.00 p.m. (New York time) (or, in each case, if later, by the 
time falling one hour after the customary or scheduled time for 
publication thereof in accordance with the then-prevailing 
operational procedures of the administrator of the Reference Rate 
or of such other information service, as the case may be) on the 
relevant Reference Rate Determination Date, the Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate for the applicable Interest Period for which 
the Reference Rate Compounded Index is not available shall be 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" determined as set out under 
the section entitled "Compounded Daily Reference Rate (Non-
Index Determination)" above and as if "Compounded Daily (Non-
Index Determination)" were specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the Calculation Method, and for these purposes: (i) the 
"Observation Method" shall be deemed to be "Shift" and (ii) the 
"Observation Look-Back Period" shall be deemed to be equal to 
the Relevant Number of Business Days, as if those alternative 
elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the Global A CD becomes due and payable prior to their Maturity 
Date, the final Reference Rate Determination Date shall be deemed to 
be the date on which the relevant Global A CD became due and payable 
and the Reference Rate on such Global A CD shall, for so long as such 
Global A CD remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the purposes of this provision, unless the context otherwise requires, 
the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below:

--- Page 52 ---
52 
"TARGET Banking Day" means any day on which TARGET2 (the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer system) (or any successor or replacement transfer system, as 
determined by the Issuer) is open for the settlement of payments in 
Euro. 
"Interest Reset Date" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the first 
day of that Interest Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London, England.
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or 
other part of a particular information service as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, including any successor or replacement page, 
section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable 
in respect of each Interest Period be published as soon as practicable 
after the determination of the Interest Rate. Such notice will be 
delivered to the clearing systems. 
ISDA Determination: 
Overnight Rates: 
For A CDs issued on a floating rate basis in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify ISDA Determination and Overnight 
Rates as being applicable and the Reference Rate is either: 
(i) 
GBP-SONIA; 
(ii) 
USD-SOFR; 
(iii) 
EUR-EuroSTR; 
(iv) 
CHF-SARON; 
(v) 
HKD-HONIA; 
(vi) 
JPY-TONA;  
(vii) 
SGD-SORA;  
(viii) 
AUD-AONIA;  
(ix) 
USD-Federal Funds; or

--- Page 53 ---
53 
(x) 
any other overnight reference rate selected by the Issuer that 
is designated an Overnight Rate in the Floating Rate Matrix,  
(sub-paragraphs (i) to (ix) above as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) the Interest Rate from time to time will be determined in 
accordance with the provisions below. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent as the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and determined in accordance with the following 
provisions plus or minus the spread (if any) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
A.
Where GBP-SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SONIA, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for GBP-SONIA in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
B.
Where USD-SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SOFR, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for USD-SOFR in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
C.
Where CHF-SARON is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SARON, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for CHF-SARON in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix; 
D.
Where EUR-EuroSTR is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is EuroSTR, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for EUR-EuroSTR in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix; 
E.
Where HKD-HONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is HONIA, and the

--- Page 54 ---
54 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for HKD-HONIA in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix; 
F.
Where JPY-TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is TONA, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for JPY-TONA in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix;  
G.
Where SGD-SORA is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SORA, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for SGD-SORA in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
H.
Where AUD-AONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is AONIA and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for AUD-AONIA in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix;  
I.
Where USD-Federal Funds is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is the EFFR, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for USD-Federal Funds in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix; and 
J.
Where any other overnight reference rate is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date by applying the formula set out in the specified 
Overnight Rate Compounding Method or Overnight Rate 
Averaging Method, as applicable, where the Underlying 
Benchmark is the relevant overnight reference rate specified in the 
Floating Rate Matrix, and the resulting percentage is rounded, if 
necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to 
the nearest percentage point specified for such overnight reference 
rate in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix. 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable 
in respect of each Interest Period be published as soon as practicable

--- Page 55 ---
55 
after the determination of the Interest Rate.  Such notice shall be 
delivered to the Relevant Clearing Systems. 
If, in respect of any Reference Rate specified above, a Temporary Non-
Publication Trigger or a Permanent Cessation Trigger occurs in respect 
of such Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
applicable Reference Rate in accordance with the Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback or the Permanent Cessation Fallback (as the case 
may be) specified in the Floating Rate Matrix to be applicable to such 
Reference Rate. 
In this provision: 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivative Definitions, including each Matrix (and any successor 
matrix), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (or any successor) on its website (www.isda.org) as at 
the Issue Date provided that (i) references to a "Confirmation" in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) references to a "Calculation Period" in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to an 
"Interest Period" and "Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be disapplied; and
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the number of 
Applicable Business Days, Observation Period Shift Business Days or 
Lockout Period Business Days, as applicable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms prior to the Interest Reset Date. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this provision shall 
bear the meaning given to them in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
Term Rates: 
For A CDs issued on a floating rate basis in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify ISDA Determination and Term Rates as 
being applicable and the Reference Rate is either:
(i) 
EUR-EURIBOR; 
(ii) 
AUD-BBSW; 
(iii) 
HKD-HIBOR; 
(iv) 
JPY-TIBOR;  
(v) 
SGD-SIBOR; or 
(vi) 
any other term reference rate selected by the Issuer that is 
designated a Term Rate in the Floating Rate Matrix, 
(sub-paragraphs (i) to (vi) above as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) the Interest Rate from time to time will be determined in 
accordance with the provisions below. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent as the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and determined in accordance with the following 
provisions plus or minus the spread (if any) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms:

--- Page 56 ---
56 
A.
Where EUR-EURIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the 
Reset Date was the first day of the relevant Interest Period and (ii) 
the Designated Maturity was the number of months equal to the 
Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
B.
Where AUD-BBSW shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset 
Date was the first day of the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the 
Designated Maturity was the number of months equal to the 
Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
C.
Where HKD-HIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset 
Date was the first day of the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the 
Designated Maturity was the number of months equal to the 
Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
D.
Where JPY-TIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset 
Date was the first day of the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the 
Designated Maturity was the number of months equal to the 
Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
E.
Where SGD-SIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset 
Date was the first day of the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the 
Designated Maturity was the number of months equal to the 
Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
F.
Where any other term reference rate is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
as if (i) the Reset Date was the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and (ii) the Designated Maturity was the number of months 
equal to the Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that where a Temporary Non-Publication Trigger occurs in 
respect of the relevant above-mentioned Reference Rate, the Temporary 
Non-Publication Fallback for such rate as applicable under the Floating 
Rate Matrix shall be amended such that the reference to "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable 
in respect of each Interest Period be published as soon as practicable 
after the determination of the Interest Rate.  Such notice shall be 
delivered to the Relevant Clearing Systems. 
If, in respect of any Reference Rate specified above, a Temporary Non-
Publication Trigger or a Permanent Cessation Trigger occurs in respect 
of such Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject as provided 
immediately above, determine the applicable Reference Rate in 
accordance with the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback or the 
Permanent Cessation Fallback (as the case may be) specified in the 
Floating Rate Matrix to be applicable to such Reference Rate. 
In this provision, "2021 ISDA Definitions" means the version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative Definitions, including each Matrix 
(and any successor matrix), as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor) on its website

--- Page 57 ---
57 
(www.isda.org) as at the Issue Date provided that (i) references to a 
"Confirmation" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as 
references to the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) references to a 
"Calculation Period" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be 
read 
as 
references 
to 
an 
"Interest 
Period" 
and 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be disapplied. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this provision shall 
bear the meaning given to them in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
OIS Compounding Rates: 
For A CDs issued on a floating rate basis in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify ISDA Determination and OIS 
Compound Rates as being applicable and the Reference Rate is either:  
(i) 
AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound; 
(ii) 
CHF-SARON-OIS Compound; 
(iii) 
EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound; 
(iv) 
GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound; 
(v) 
HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound; 
(vi) 
JPY-TONA-OIS Compound; 
(vii) 
SGD-SORA-OIS Compound; 
(viii) 
USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound;  
(ix) 
USD-SOFR-OIS Compound; or 
(x) 
any other OIS compounding reference rate selected by the 
Issuer and designated an OIS Compounding rate in the 
Floating Rate Matrix, 
(sub-paragraphs (i) to (ix) above as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) the Interest Rate from time to time will be calculated in 
accordance with the provisions below. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent as the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and determined in accordance with the following 
provisions plus or minus the spread (if any) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
A.
Where AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the 
Underlying Benchmark is AONIA, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for AUD-
AONIA-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
B.
Where CHF-SARON-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Underlying Benchmark is SARON, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for CHF-
SARON-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
C.
Where EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, 
where the Underlying Benchmark is EuroSTR, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for 
EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix; 
D.
Where GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the 
Underlying Benchmark is SONIA, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for GBP-
SONIA-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
E.
Where HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the 
Underlying Benchmark is HONIA, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for HKD-
HONIA-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
F.
Where JPY-TONA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the 
Underlying Benchmark is TONA, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for JPY-
TONA-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
G.
Where SGD-SORA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the 
Underlying Benchmark is SORA, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for SGD-
SORA-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
H.
Where USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, 
where the Underlying Benchmark is the EFFR, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for 
USD-Federal 
Funds-OIS 
Compound 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix;

--- Page 59 ---
59 
I.
Where USD-SOFR-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the 
Underlying Benchmark is SOFR, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for USD-
SOFR-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
and 
J.
Where any other OIS compounding rate is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, 
where the Underlying Benchmark is the relevant overnight OIS 
compounding rate specified in the Floating Rate Matrix, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified 
for 
such 
OIS 
compounding 
rate 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix. 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable 
in respect of each Interest Period be published as soon as practicable 
after the determination of the Interest Rate.  Such notice shall be 
delivered to the Relevant Clearing Systems. 
If, in respect of any Reference Rate specified above, a Temporary Non-
Publication Trigger or a Permanent Cessation Trigger occurs in respect 
of such Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
applicable Reference Rate in accordance with the Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback or the Permanent Cessation Fallback (as the case 
may be) specified in the Floating Rate Matrix to be applicable to such 
Reference Rate. 
In this provision: 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivative Definitions, including each Matrix (and any successor 
matrix), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (or any successor) on its website (www.isda.org) as at 
the Issue Date provided that (i) references to a "Confirmation" in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) references to a "Calculation Period" in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to 
Calculation Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be disapplied; and
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior 
to the Interest Reset Date. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this provision shall 
bear the meaning given to them in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
Substitute or Successor 
Rate of Interest  where 
the Reference Rate is 
EURIBOR 
If, in respect of A CDs where the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is EURIBOR and Screen Rate Determination 
applies, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate has 
been discontinued or has otherwise ceased to exist, the Calculation 
Agent shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, select a substitute or 
successor rate of interest that the Calculation Agent determines is most

--- Page 60 ---
60 
comparable to the Reference Rate to replace the Reference Rate 
(provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that there is an 
industry-accepted substitute or successor rate of interest, then the 
Calculation Agent shall select such substitute or successor rate of 
interest), and shall replace the Reference Rate by such substitute or 
successor rate of interest with effect from such date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, and such substitute or successor rate of interest 
will be deemed to be the Reference Rate with effect from such date. The 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustments that it determines to be 
appropriate, if any, to any one or more of the terms of the A CDs, 
including without limitation, any variable or term relevant to the 
settlement or payment under the A CDs, as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for such replacement and make such 
substitute or successor rate of interest comparable to the Reference 
Rate, in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for 
such substitute or successor rate of interest. 
Calculation Agent 
Goldman Sachs International. 
Interest Commencement 
Date 
The Issue Date or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
Interest Period 
The period from and including the Interest Commencement Date for the 
A CDs to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date for the A CDs, 
and each successive period from and including the first day following 
the end of the preceding Interest Period to but excluding the following 
Interest Payment Date until the principal of the A CDs is paid or made 
available for payment. An Interest Period may be adjusted or 
unadjusted. 
Business Day 
A day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial 
banking institutions are authorised or required by law to close in 
London or such other business centre as the applicable Final Terms shall 
specify. 
Day Count Fraction 
In respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period: 
(i) 
if "1/1 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of the Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period, including 29 
February in a leap year, divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Interest Period and (2) the number of 
Interest Periods in any year; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/Actual (Bond)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of calendar days in the Interest Period, 
divided by the number of calendar days in the Interest Period 
multiplied by the number of Interest Periods in the calendar 
year;

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(v) 
if "Actual/Actual (Euro)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of calendar days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365, or if the Interest Period includes 29 February, 
366; 
(vi) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 365; 
(vii) 
if "Actual/360 (ISMA)" or "Actual/360 (ICMA)" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(viii) 
if "30/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which 
payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 −Y1)] + [30 × (M2 −M1)] + [D2 −D1]
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, 
immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
Interest Amount Payable 
Interest due on each Interest Payment Date will be an amount equal to 
the product of (a) the aggregate nominal amount of A CDs outstanding 
on the first day of the Interest Period, (b) the Day Count Fraction, and 
(c) the Interest Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Interest 
due will be rounded up or down as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in such units as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date 
Each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Business Day Convention 
If any Interest Payment Date is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention that would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(a) 
(in the case of A CDs issued on a floating rate basis only) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, the Interest Payment 
Date will be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day

--- Page 62 ---
62 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date will be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent 
such date will be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment;  
(b) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date will be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day;  
(c) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
will be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or  
(d) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date will be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Payments 
on 
non-
Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any A CD is not a Business Day, 
payment shall not be made until the next following Business Day and 
no interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment shall be 
due to the investor. 
Discount A CDs 
Fixed rate A CDs and floating rate A CDs may be original issue 
Discount A CDs. A CDs of this type are issued at a price lower than 
their principal amount and provide that, upon redemption, their 
principal amount will be payable. Original issue Discount A CDs may 
be zero coupon A CDs. 
Premium A CDs 
Fixed rate A CDs and floating rate A CDs may be original issue 
Premium A CDs. A CDs of this type are issued at a price higher than 
their principal amount and provide that, upon redemption, their 
principal amount will be repayable. Original issue Premium A CDs may 
be zero coupon A CDs. 
Nominal Amount 
The principal amount or the par value of an A CD, exclusive of 
premium or interest payable by the Issuer at the Maturity Date of such 
A CD.. 
Scheduled Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled or extended, 
each A CD will be redeemed by the Issuer at 100 per cent. of the 
Nominal Amount on the Maturity Date set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer 
The Issuer will not be entitled to redeem an A CD before its Maturity 
Date, or in the case of Extendible A CDs, its Final Maturity Date, unless 
the applicable Final Terms specifies a redemption commencement date 
(the "Redemption Commencement Date"). If an A CD specifies a 
Redemption Commencement Date, it will also specify one or more 
redemption prices, which may be expressed as a percentage of the 
principal amount of the A CD. An A CD may also specify one or more 
redemption periods during which the specified redemption prices 
relating to a redemption of A CDs during those periods will apply. The 
minimum redemption price will be 100 per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount. 
If an A CD specifies a Redemption Commencement Date, such A CD 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer, in whole or in part, at any 
time on or after that date or at a specified time or times. If the Issuer

--- Page 63 ---
63 
redeems an A CD, it will do so at the specified redemption price, 
together with any interest accrued to the redemption date. If different 
prices are specified for different redemption periods, the price paid by 
the Issuer will be the price that applies to the redemption period during 
which such A CD is redeemed. 
Redemption 
upon 
Change in Law 
The Issuer will have the option to redeem an A CD as a result of certain 
developments involving a change in law (including a change in tax law). 
The Issuer will have the option to redeem an A CD if, as a result of any 
change in UK tax treatment, the Issuer would be required to pay an 
additional amount as described in paragraph 6 of the Global A CD or it 
is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of its 
obligations under the A CDs. The redemption price in these 
circumstances will be 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. 
If the Issuer exercises an option to redeem any A CD, it will give to the 
holder written notice of the principal amount of the A CD to be 
redeemed, not less than 35 days before the applicable redemption date. 
In addition, the Issuer will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of 
any redemption of A CDs. 
Purchase 
The Issuer or its affiliates may purchase A CDs from investors who are 
willing to sell from time to time, either in the open market at prevailing 
prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices, subject to the 
Secondary Market terms below. A CDs that the Issuer or its affiliates 
purchase may, at the Issuer's discretion, be held, resold or cancelled. 
Secondary Market 
The Issuer and its affiliates will not make a market in the A CDs after 
the initial offering. Neither the Issuer nor any other affiliate of the Issuer 
will have any obligation to make a market in the A CDs after the initial 
offering and purchase and sell the A CDs as principal and any such 
market-making, if commenced, may be discontinued at any time 
without notice. There can be no assurance that the A CDs offered hereby 
will not be sold or that there will be a secondary market for the A CDs. 
Even if a secondary market develops, the secondary market price 
received in exchange for the A CDs may be less than the Issue Price for 
such A CDs. Any purchases or sales of A CDs by the Issuer will be as 
principal. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal and interest shall become void unless the relevant 
A CDs are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate 
maturity date.
Currencies of issue of the 
A CDs 
A CDs may be denominated in euro, Sterling, US dollars or any other 
currency subject to compliance with any applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements. 
Maturity of the A CDs 
The tenor of the A CDs shall be 364 days or less from and including the 
date of issue to but excluding the Final Maturity Date, subject to 
compliance with any applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Extendible A CDs 
The initial Maturity Date of the A CDs will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms may provide that on the initial 
Maturity Date and such other date or dates specified (each, an 
"Extension Date"), the Issuer has the option to extend the initial 
Maturity Date of the A CDs (the "Issuer Extension Option") to such 
date or dates as shall be provided in the applicable Final Terms (each, 
an "Extended Maturity Date") (such A CDs, "Extendible A CDs"). Any 
such Extended Maturity Date shall in no event exceed a maximum

--- Page 64 ---
64 
maturity of 364 days from and including the date of issue (the "Final 
Maturity Date"). 
If the Final Terms provide that the relevant series of the A CDs are 
Extendible A CDs, such Extendible A CDs will be unlisted. 
If the Final Terms provide that the relevant series of the A CDs are 
Extendible A CDs, each time the Issuer elects to exercise the Issuer 
Extension Option, the Issuer is required to deliver a notice of extension 
(an "Extension Notice") to the Relevant Clearing System (through the 
Agent) by no later than 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date specified 
in the Final Terms (each, an "Extension Notice Date"), for 
communication by the Relevant Clearing System to the holders of the 
Extendible A CDs, informing holders of the A CDs that the Issuer will 
be exercising the Issuer Extension Option. 
Each Extension Notice shall contain the following information: 

confirmation that the Issuer will be exercising the Issuer 
Extension Option; 

the applicable Extended Maturity Date; 

the applicable Exercise Deadline (as defined below); 

the applicable interest rate for the period between the initial 
Maturity Date and the applicable Extended Maturity Date (the 
"Extended Interest Rate"); and 

the form of Exercise Notice (as defined below). 
If the Issuer does not exercise its Issuer Extension Option on any 
Extension Date, the Extendible A CDs will be redeemed on the then 
current Maturity Date. 
If the Issuer fails to publish an Extension Notice on an Extension Notice 
Date, then each holder of Extendible A CDs will be deemed to have 
exercised its Non-Extension Option, the then current Maturity Date 
shall not be extended and the Extendible A CDs will be redeemed on 
the then current Maturity Date. 
If the Issuer exercises its Issuer Extension Option, each holder of 
Extendible A CDs has the option not to extend the then current Maturity 
Date in respect of some or all of those Extendible A CDs (the "Non-
Extension Option"), in which case the then current Maturity Date shall 
not be extended in respect of those Extendible A CDs the subject of the 
Non-Extension Option and the relevant Extendible A CDs shall be 
redeemed on the then current Maturity Date. In order to exercise its 
Non-Extension Option in respect of some or all of those Extendible A 
CDs, the holder of the Extendible A CDs must deliver a duly completed 
option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form annexed to 
the applicable Extension Notice by no later than 5.00 p.m. (London 
time) on the date specified in the Final Terms (the "Exercise Deadline") 
to the Relevant Clearing System for communication by the Relevant 
Clearing System through the Agent to the Issuer. 
There will be a minimum of 10 Business Days between each Extension 
Notice Date and applicable Exercise Deadline unless otherwise agreed 
with the Relevant Clearing System. 
Upon delivery to the Relevant Clearing System, an Exercise Notice 
shall be revocable until the applicable Exercise Deadline, at which time

--- Page 65 ---
65 
such notice will become irrevocable and binding upon the holder, or any 
transferee of such holder, of the Extendible A CDs. 
If a holder of Extendible A CDs delivers an Exercise Notice in respect 
of part only of its holding of Extendible A CDs, the principal amount of 
such partial holding of Extendible A CDs (the "Maturing A CDs") will 
become due and payable on the then current Maturity Date. The 
aggregate principal amount of the Maturing A CDs will be represented 
by a new Global A CD to be issued on the applicable Extension Date, 
provided that any such principal amount of the Maturing A CDs will 
not be less than EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency). 
The Maturing A CDs represented by the new Global A CD will be 
unlisted. The new Global A CD so issued will have the same terms as 
the A CDs, except that it will not be extendible, will have a separate 
International Securities Identification Number ("ISIN") and a separate 
Common Code and its maturity date will be the then current Maturity 
Date. The outstanding principal amount of such Extendible A CDs shall 
be reduced by the amount of the Maturing A CDs with effect from the 
applicable Extension Date, provided that any such principal amount of 
the outstanding Extendible A CDs will not be less than EUR 100,000 
(or the equivalent in any other currency). 
If a holder of Extendible A CDs does not deliver an Exercise Notice 
prior to the applicable Exercise Deadline, the then current Maturity Date 
shall be extended automatically to the next following Extended 
Maturity Date and interest from the then current Maturity Date will 
continue to accrue on the Extendible A CDs at the Extended Interest 
Rate and shall be payable on the applicable Extended Maturity Date. 
If the Issuer exercises its Issuer Extension Option and the holder of 
Extendible A CDs exercises its Non-Extension Option, the relevant 
Extendible A CDs will be non-transferable in the period between the 
relevant Exercise Deadline and the relevant Extension Date. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no restrictions on transfer will exist during this 
period for the holders of the Extendible A CDs who have not exercised 
its Non-Extension Option. 
Minimum 
Issuance 
Amount 
At least EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency). 
Minimum denomination 
of the A CDs 
The minimum denomination of each A CD will be EUR 100,000 (or the 
equivalent in any other currency) unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and integral multiples of amounts as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (subject in each case to compliance with 
all applicable legal and regulatory requirements).  
Status of the A CDs 
The A CDs shall represent direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu
with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations for funds borrowed or guaranteed by the Issuer (other than 
in the case of obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of law). 
Governing 
law 
that 
applies to the A CDs 
The A CDs, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the A CDs, will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
The Issuer has agreed for the exclusive benefit of the bearer of an A CD 
that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with an A CD (including a 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with an A CD) and that accordingly any suit, action or

--- Page 66 ---
66 
proceedings (together, "Proceedings") arising out of or in connection 
with an A CD (including Proceedings relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with an A CD) may be 
brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection 
which it may have had or will have to the laying of the venue of any 
such Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such 
Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further 
irrevocably agrees that a judgment in any such proceedings brought in 
the English courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be 
enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. This waiver has been 
made for the benefit of each of the holders of A CDs and shall not limit 
any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or 
more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Notices 
In relation to the A CDs which are admitted to listing on the Official 
List and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange as the rules of that stock exchange so require, notices to the 
holders of A CDs shall be validly given if published in the Luxemburger 
Wort, being a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg, or through publication on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Notices to the Issuer will be made to its office by mail or telefax and 
addressed for the attention of the person designated by it for that 
purpose as set out below: 
Goldman Sachs International Bank 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London, EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
Attn: Chirag D. Patel

--- Page 67 ---
67 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE B CDS 
Each B CD issued under the Programme will be subject to the following terms and conditions that, 
subject to completion in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable to bearer B 
CDs in definitive form (if any) issued in exchange for a Global B CD representing the relevant issue of 
B CDs.  The applicable Final Terms will be attached to each Global B CD and each bearer B CD in 
definitive form.  The following terms and conditions of B CDs must be read in conjunction with this Base 
Prospectus and the relevant Global B CD and the Final Terms attached thereto: 
Issue Price 
The Issue Price of each B CD will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Issue Price in respect of other B CDs of a series might be different 
from the Issue Price set forth in the applicable Final Terms due to the 
prevailing market conditions or any other relevant factors. 
Issue Date 
In relation to any B CDs, the Business Day on which such B CDs are 
issued under the Programme and on which cash payments are due to be 
made by the subscribers of the B CDs to the Issuer and, unless stated in 
the Final Terms (if applicable), on which a B CD starts to yield interest. 
Interest Rate 
B CDs issued under the Programme may accrue interest on a fixed rate 
basis, a floating rate basis or be non-interest bearing B CDs. 
Fixed Rate B CDs 
The Interest Rate payable from time to time in respect of B CDs issued 
on a fixed rate basis will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate B CDs 
The Interest Rate payable from time to time in respect of B CDs issued 
on a floating rate basis will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and the provisions below. 
Screen Rate Determination: 
In respect of B CDs issued on a floating rate basis in respect of which 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Reference Rate shall be either:
(i) 
the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"); 
(ii) 
SOFR (as defined below); 
(iii) 
SONIA (as defined below); or 
(iv) 
€STR (as defined below), 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent and as specified in the applicable Final Terms for 
the Reference Rate (a) (in the case of B CDs where the Reference Rate 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as EURIBOR) which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the day 
that is two TARGET Banking Days preceding the Interest Reset Date; 
or (b) (in the case of B CDs where the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as SOFR, SONIA or €STR), as determined in 
accordance with the following provisions, in each case, plus or minus 
the spread (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If, in the case of B CDs where the Reference Rate is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as EURIBOR, such rate does not appear on the

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Relevant Screen Page, the Interest Rate will be the rate as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the basis of the rates at which deposits in 
euro are offered by the Reference Banks at approximately 11:00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the day that is two TARGET Banking Days  
preceding the Interest Reset Date to prime banks in, the Euro-zone inter-
bank market for a period equal to that which would have been used for 
the Reference Rate, commencing on the Interest Reset Date and in a 
Representative Amount. The Calculation Agent will request the 
principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a 
quotation of its rate. If at least two such quotations are provided, the 
Interest Rate for that Interest Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean of 
the quotations. If fewer than two quotations are provided as requested, 
the Interest Rate for that Interest Reset Date will be the arithmetic mean 
of the rates quoted by major banks in New York City, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11:00 a.m. (New York City time) 
on the Interest Reset Date for loans in euro to leading European banks 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, commencing on the Interest Reset Date and in a Representative 
Amount. 
In respect of B CDs where the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
Reference Rate is SOFR, SONIA or €STR, the Interest Rate for each 
Interest Period will be the rate determined by the Calculation Agent and 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms as follows plus or minus the 
spread (if any) specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
A.
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)", 
the Reference Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as 
provided below, be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
As used in this provision: 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with SOFR, SONIA or €STR as the Reference Rate for 
the calculation of interest as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, as at 
the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, (in the case of 
SONIA) to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards and (in the case of SOFR or €STR) to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + 𝑟𝑖− 𝑝𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥𝐷
𝑑
where: 
"Business Day" or "BD" means (i) where "SOFR" is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a US 
Government Securities Business Day; (ii) where "SONIA" is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a 
London Banking Day; and (iii) where "€STR" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a TARGET Banking 
Day; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 69 ---
69 
"d" means (where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Observation Method) the number of calendar 
days in the relevant Interest Period or (where "Shift" is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method) the number 
of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"d0" means (where "Lag" or "Lock-out" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method) the number of 
Business Days in the relevant Interest Period or (where "Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method) 
the number of Business Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"ECB's Website" means the website of the European Central Bank 
currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website 
officially designated by the European Central Bank (any 
information on the ECB's website does not form part of the Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
competent authority unless incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus); 
"€STR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily euro short-term rate as provided by the European 
Central Bank, as administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate), on the ECB's Website, in each case on 
or before 9:00 a.m. (Central European Time) on the Business Day 
immediately following such Business Day; 
"i" means a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each 
representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first Business Day (where "Lag" or "Lock-
out" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Observation 
Method) in the relevant Interest Period or (where "Shift" is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Observation Method) 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" means, for any Business Day "i", the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, 
the following Business Day; 
"New York Fed's Website" means the website of the Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
currently 
at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website officially 
designated by  the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (any 
information on the New York Fed's website or any successor 
website does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the competent authority unless 
incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus); 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
period from, and including, the date which is "p" Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period (and the first 
Interest Period shall begin on, and include, the Issue Date) and 
ending on, but excluding, the date which is "p" Business Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date 
falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the applicable Global B CD becomes due and payable);

--- Page 70 ---
70 
"p" means, for any Interest Period (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms): 
a)
where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five 
Business Days); or 
b)
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, zero;  
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the date falling "p" 
Business Days prior to each Interest Reset Date; 
"r" means:  
a)
where "Lag" or "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any Business Day, 
the Reference Rate in respect of such Business Day; 
b)
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms, in respect of any Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Interest Period, the Reference Rate for 
the Business Day immediately preceding such day; and in 
respect of any Business Day "i" falling on or after the "Lock-
out Date" specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no 
"Lock-out Date" is specified, five Business Days prior to each 
Interest Reset Date), the Reference Rate in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Business Day in 
the relevant Interest Period (such last Business Day coinciding 
with the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date); 
"ri – p BD" means in relation to any Interest Period, the applicable 
Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, where 
"Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the 
relevant Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the 
relevant Business Day "i" or, where "Lock-out" or "Shift" is 
specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms, 
the relevant Business Day "i"; 
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate as provided 
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ("New York Fed"), as 
the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the New York Fed's Website, in each case on or about 
5:00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the Business Day immediately 
following such Business Day; 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate 
equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average for such 
Business Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as 
otherwise published by such authorised distributors, in each case 
on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day; 
and 
"US Government Securities Business Day" means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry

--- Page 71 ---
71 
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
B.
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "Weighted Average", the Reference Rate for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Weighted 
Average Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
As used in this provision: 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means, with respect to any 
Interest Period, the arithmetic mean of SOFR, SONIA or €STR in 
effect during such Interest Period as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as 
at the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date as follows, and 
the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, (in the case 
of SONIA) to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards and (in the case of SOFR or €STR) to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
[∑(𝑟𝑖− 𝑝𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
𝐷
)
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥𝐷
𝑑
where: 
"Business Day", "BD", "D", "d", "do", "i", "n" and "p" have the 
meanings given to them in the provision relating to "Compounded 
Daily Reference Rate" specified above; 
"ri – pBD " means (unless specified in the applicable Final Terms): 
a)
(where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms) in respect of any Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Interest Period, the relevant Reference 
Rate for the Business Day falling "p" Business Days prior to 
such day "i"; 
b)
(where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the applicable Final Terms) the Reference Rate determined in 
accordance with paragraph a) above, except that in respect of 
each Business Day "i" falling on or after the "Lock-out Date" 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (or, where no "Lock-
out Date" is specified, five Business Days prior to each Interest 
Reset Date) until the end of each relevant Interest Period, the 
relevant Reference Rate determined in accordance with 
paragraph a) above in respect of such "Lock-out Date"; and 
c)
(where "Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the 
applicable Final Terms) in respect of any Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Observation Period, the relevant 
Reference Rate in respect of such day "i"; and 
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means (unless otherwise 
defined in the applicable Final Terms) the date falling five Business 
Days prior to each Interest Payment Date. 
C.
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Calculation Method is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily (Non-Index

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Determination)", if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines the Reference Rate is not available, such 
Reference Rate shall be SOFR for the first preceding Business Day 
on which SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen Page and 
"r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
D.
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms and the Calculation Method is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily (Non-
Index Determination)", if, in respect of any Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period or Observation Period, the Calculation 
Agent determines SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page and has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such Reference Rate shall be: 
a)
(i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") 
prevailing at 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the relevant Business 
Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which SONIA has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more 
than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and 
lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one 
only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
b)
if such Bank Rate is not available, SONIA published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on 
which SONIA was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors), 
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly. 
E.
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms and the Calculation Method is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being "Compounded Daily (Non-Index 
Determination)", if, in respect of any Business Day, the Calculation 
Agent determines the Reference Rate is not available, such 
Reference Rate shall be €STR for the first preceding Business Day 
on which €STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page and "r" 
shall be interpreted accordingly. 
F.
In the event that the Reference Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Reference Rate shall 
be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Reference Rate 
Determination Date to which the foregoing provisions shall have 
applied or (ii) if there is no such preceding Reference Rate 
Determination Date, the initial Reference Rate which would have 
been applicable to the relevant B CDs for the first Interest Period 
had the relevant B CDs been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) 
the Issue Date. 
G.
Where the Calculation Method is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being "Compounded Daily (Index Determination)", the 
Reference Rate for each Interest Period will, subject as provided 
below, be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
As used in this provision: 
"Compounded Daily Reference Rate" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with SOFR or SONIA as the Reference Rate for the 
calculation of interest as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
which will be calculated by the Calculation Agent, as at the relevant 
Reference Rate Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, (in the case of SONIA) to 
the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards and 
(in the case of SOFR) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
( 𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑅𝑒𝑓𝑒𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑒𝑅𝑎𝑡𝑒𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥𝐷
𝑑
where:  
"Business Day" or "BD" means (i) where "SOFR" is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a US 
Government Securities Business Day; and (ii) where "SONIA" is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, a 
London Banking Day; 
"D" is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"d" means the number of calendar days from (and including) the 
day in relation to which Reference Rate Compounded IndexStart is 
determined to (but excluding) the day in relation to which 
Reference Rate Compounded IndexEnd is determined; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"p" means, for any Interest Period (unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) five Business Days; 
"Reference Rate Compounded Index" means: 
(i) 
where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate and the 
Calculation Method is specified as "Compounded Daily 
(Index Determination) in the applicable Final Terms, the 
screen rate or index for compounded daily SONIA rates 
administered by the administrator of the SONIA reference 
rate that is published or displayed by such administrator or 
other information service from time to time on the relevant 
Reference Rate Determination Date, as further specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; and  
(ii) 
where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate and the 
Calculation Method is specified as "Compounded Daily 
(Index Determination)" in the applicable Final Terms, with 
respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, 
the SOFR index value as published by the administrator of 
the SOFR reference rate as such index appears on the New 
York Fed's Website at or around 3.00 p.m. (New York 
time) on such US Government Securities Business Day; 
"Reference Rate Compounded IndexStart" means, with respect to 
an Interest Period, the Reference Rate Compounded Index

--- Page 74 ---
74 
determined in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period;  
"Reference Rate Compounded IndexEnd" means, with respect to an 
Interest Period, the Reference Rate Compounded Index determined 
in relation to the day falling the Relevant Number of Business Days 
prior to (A) the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period, or 
(B) such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls 
due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant 
provisions is excluded from such Interest Period);  
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the date falling "p" 
Business Days prior to each Interest Reset Date; 
"Relevant Number" means the number specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms (or, if no such number is specified, five); 
and 
"US Government Securities Business Day" means any day except 
for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed 
income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for 
purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Compounded Index is not published or 
displayed by the administrator of the Reference Rate or other 
information service by i) in respect of the SONIA reference rate, 5.00 
p.m. (London time); or ii) in respect of the SOFR reference rate, 3.00 
p.m. (New York time) (or, in each case, if later, by the time falling one 
hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication thereof in 
accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures of the 
administrator of the Reference Rate or of such other information 
service, as the case may be) on the relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date, the Compounded Daily Reference Rate for the 
applicable Interest Period for which the Reference Rate Compounded 
Index is not available shall be "Compounded Daily Reference Rate" 
determined as set out under the section entitled "Compounded Daily 
Reference Rate (Non-Index Determination)" above and as if 
"Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)" were specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Method, and for these 
purposes: (i) the "Observation Method" shall be deemed to be "Shift" 
and (ii) the "Observation Look-Back Period" shall be deemed to be 
equal to the Relevant Number of Business Days, as if those alternative 
elections had been made in the applicable Final Terms.  
If the Global B CD becomes due and payable prior to their Maturity 
Date, the final Reference Rate Determination Date shall be deemed to 
be the date on which the relevant Global B CD became due and payable 
and the Reference Rate on such Global B CD shall, for so long as such 
Global B CD remains outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the purposes of this provision, unless the context otherwise requires, 
the following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"TARGET Banking Day" means any day on which TARGET2 (the 
Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer system) (or any successor or replacement transfer system, as 
determined by the Issuer) is open for the settlement of payments in 
Euro.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
"Interest Reset Date" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the first 
day of that Interest Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London, England. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, 
the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent or as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or 
other part of a particular information service as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, including any successor or replacement page, 
section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service. 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable 
in respect of each Interest Period be published as soon as practicable 
after the determination of the Interest Rate. Such notice will be 
delivered to the clearing systems. 
ISDA Determination: 
Overnight Rates: 
For B CDs issued on a floating rate basis in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify ISDA Determination and Overnight 
Rates as being applicable and the Reference Rate is either: 
(i) 
GBP-SONIA; 
(ii) 
USD-SOFR; 
(iii) 
EUR-EuroSTR; 
(iv) 
CHF-SARON; 
(v) 
HKD-HONIA; 
(vi) 
JPY-TONA;  
(vii) 
SGD-SORA;  
(viii) 
AUD-AONIA; or 
(ix) 
USD-Federal Funds, 
(sub-paragraphs (i) to (ix) above as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions) the Interest Rate from time to time will be determined in 
accordance with the provisions below. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent as the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and determined in accordance with the following

--- Page 76 ---
76 
provisions plus or minus the spread (if any) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
A.
Where GBP-SONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SONIA, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for GBP-SONIA in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
B.
Where USD-SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SOFR, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for USD-SOFR in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
C.
Where CHF-SARON is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SARON, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for CHF-SARON in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix; 
D.
Where EUR-EuroSTR is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is EuroSTR, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for EUR-EuroSTR in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix; 
E.
Where HKD-HONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is HONIA, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for HKD-HONIA in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix; 
F.
Where JPY-TONA is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as

--- Page 77 ---
77 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is TONA, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for JPY-TONA in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix;  
G.
Where SGD-SORA is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is SORA, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for SGD-SORA in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
H.
Where AUD-AONIA is specified as the Reference Rate in the 
applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is AONIA and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for AUD-AONIA in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix; and 
I.
Where USD-Federal Funds is specified as the Reference Rate in 
the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination Date by 
applying the formula set out in the specified Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method or Overnight Rate Averaging Method, as 
applicable, where the Underlying Benchmark is the EFFR, and the 
resulting percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point 
specified for USD-Federal Funds in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix. 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable 
in respect of each Interest Period be published as soon as practicable 
after the determination of the Interest Rate.  Such notice shall be 
delivered to the Relevant Clearing Systems. 
If, in respect of any Reference Rate specified above, a Temporary Non-
Publication Trigger or a Permanent Cessation Trigger occurs in respect 
of such Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
applicable Reference Rate in accordance with the Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback or the Permanent Cessation Fallback (as the case 
may be) specified in the Floating Rate Matrix to be applicable to such 
Reference Rate. 
In this provision: 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivative Definitions, including each Matrix (and any successor 
matrix), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (or any successor) on its website (www.isda.org) as at 
the Issue Date provided that (i) references to a "Confirmation" in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) references to a "Calculation Period" in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to an

--- Page 78 ---
78 
"Interest Period" and "Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions shall be disapplied; and
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the number of 
Applicable Business Days, Observation Period Shift Business Days or 
Lockout Period Business Days, as applicable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms prior to the Interest Reset Date. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this provision shall 
bear the meaning given to them in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
Term Rates: 
For B CDs issued on a floating rate basis in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify ISDA Determination and Term Rates as 
being applicable and the Reference Rate is either:
(i) 
EUR-EURIBOR; 
(ii) 
AUD-BBSW; 
(iii) 
HKD-HIBOR; 
(iv) 
JPY-TIBOR; or 
(v) 
SGD-SIBOR;  
(sub-paragraphs (i) to (v) above as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions (as defined below)) the Interest Rate from time to time will 
be determined in accordance with the provisions below. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent as the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and determined in accordance with the following 
provisions plus or minus the spread (if any) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
A.
Where EUR-EURIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the 
Reset Date was the first day of the relevant Interest Period and (ii) 
the Designated Maturity was the number of months equal to the 
Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
B.
Where AUD-BBSW shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset 
Date was the first day of the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the 
Designated Maturity was the number of months equal to the 
Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
C.
Where HKD-HIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset 
Date was the first day of the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the 
Designated Maturity was the number of months equal to the 
Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
D.
Where JPY-TIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset 
Date was the first day of the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the 
Designated Maturity was the number of months equal to the 
Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 79 ---
79 
E.
Where SGD-SIBOR shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in accordance with the 2021 ISDA Definitions as if (i) the Reset 
Date was the first day of the relevant Interest Period and (ii) the 
Designated Maturity was the number of months equal to the 
Interest Period specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that where a Temporary Non-Publication Trigger occurs in 
respect of the relevant above-mentioned Reference Rate, the Temporary 
Non-Publication Fallback for such rate as applicable under the Floating 
Rate Matrix shall be amended such that the reference to "Calculation 
Agent Alternative Rate Determination" shall be replaced by 
"Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
If, in respect of any Reference Rate specified above, a Temporary Non-
Publication Trigger or a Permanent Cessation Trigger occurs in respect 
of such Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent shall, subject as provided 
immediately above, determine the applicable Reference Rate in 
accordance with the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback or the 
Permanent Cessation Fallback (as the case may be) specified in the 
Floating Rate Matrix to be applicable to such Reference Rate. 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable 
in respect of each Interest Period be published as soon as practicable 
after the determination of the Interest Rate.  Such notice shall be 
delivered to the Relevant Clearing Systems. 
In this provision, "2021 ISDA Definitions" means the version of the 
2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivative Definitions, including each Matrix 
(and any successor matrix), as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor) on its website 
(www.isda.org) as at the Issue Date provided that (i) references to a 
"Confirmation" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as 
references to the applicable Final Terms; and (ii) references to a 
"Calculation Period" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be 
read 
as 
references 
to 
an 
"Interest 
Period" 
and 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be disapplied. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this provision shall 
bear the meaning given to them in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
OIS Compounding Rates: 
For B CDs issued on a floating rate basis in respect of which the 
applicable Final Terms specify ISDA Determination and OIS 
Compounding Rates as being applicable and the Reference Rate is 
either:  
(i) 
AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound; 
(ii) 
CHF-SARON-OIS Compound; 
(iii) 
EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound; 
(iv) 
GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound; 
(v) 
HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound; 
(vi) 
JPY-TONA-OIS Compound; 
(vii) 
SGD-SORA-OIS Compound;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(viii) 
USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound; or 
(ix) 
USD-SOFR-OIS Compound, 
(sub-paragraphs (i) to (ix) above as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions (as defined below)) the Interest Rate from time to time will 
be calculated in accordance with the provisions below. 
The Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the rate determined by 
the Calculation Agent as the Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and determined in accordance with the following 
provisions plus or minus the spread (if any) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
A.
Where AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the 
Underlying Benchmark is AONIA, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for AUD-
AONIA-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
B.
Where CHF-SARON-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the 
Underlying Benchmark is SARON, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for CHF-
SARON-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
C.
Where EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, 
where the Underlying Benchmark is EuroSTR, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for 
EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix; 
D.
Where GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the 
Underlying Benchmark is SONIA, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for GBP-
SONIA-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
E.
Where HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the 
Underlying Benchmark is HONIA, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for HKD-
HONIA-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix;

--- Page 81 ---
81 
F.
Where JPY-TONA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the 
Underlying Benchmark is TONA, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for JPY-
TONA-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
G.
Where SGD-SORA-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the 
Underlying Benchmark is SORA, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for SGD-
SORA-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix; 
H.
Where USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate 
Determination Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, 
where the Underlying Benchmark is the EFFR, and the resulting 
percentage is rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for 
USD-Federal 
Funds-OIS 
Compound 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix; and 
I.
Where USD-SOFR-OIS Compound is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the rate determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reference Rate Determination 
Date by applying the OIS compounding formula, where the 
Underlying Benchmark is SOFR, and the resulting percentage is 
rounded, if necessary, in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions, but to the nearest percentage point specified for USD-
SOFR-OIS Compound in the Compounding/Averaging Matrix. 
The Issuer will procure that a notice specifying the Interest Rate payable 
in respect of each Interest Period be published as soon as practicable 
after the determination of the Interest Rate.  Such notice shall be 
delivered to the Relevant Clearing Systems. 
If, in respect of any Reference Rate specified above, a Temporary Non-
Publication Trigger or a Permanent Cessation Trigger occurs in respect 
of such Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent shall determine the 
applicable Reference Rate in accordance with the Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback or the Permanent Cessation Fallback (as the case 
may be) specified in the Floating Rate Matrix to be applicable to such 
Reference Rate. 
In this provision: 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the version of the 2021 ISDA Interest 
Rate Derivative Definitions, including each Matrix (and any successor 
matrix), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (or any successor) on its website (www.isda.org) as at 
the Issue Date provided that (i) references to a "Confirmation" in the 
2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to the 
applicable Final Terms; and (ii) references to a "Calculation Period" in 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions should instead be read as references to the 
Calculation Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and

--- Page 82 ---
82 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" in the 2021 ISDA Definitions shall 
be disapplied; and
"Reference Rate Determination Date" means the number of 
Applicable Business Days specified in the applicable Final Terms prior 
to the Interest Reset Date. 
Capitalised terms used but not otherwise defined in this provision shall 
bear the meaning given to them in the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
Substitute or Successor 
Rate of Interest where the 
Reference 
Rate 
is 
EURIBOR 
If, in respect of B CDs where the Reference Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is EURIBOR and Screen Rate Determination 
applies, the Calculation Agent determines that the Reference Rate has 
been discontinued or has otherwise ceased to exist, the Calculation 
Agent shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, select a substitute or 
successor rate of interest that the Calculation Agent determines is most 
comparable to the Reference Rate to replace the Reference Rate 
(provided that if the Calculation Agent determines that there is an 
industry-accepted substitute or successor rate of interest, then the 
Calculation Agent shall select such substitute or successor rate of 
interest), and shall replace the Reference Rate by such substitute or 
successor rate of interest with effect from such date as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, and such substitute or successor rate of interest 
will be deemed to be the Reference Rate with effect from such date. The 
Calculation Agent may make such adjustments that it determines to be 
appropriate, if any, to any one or more of the terms of the B CDs, 
including without limitation, any variable or term relevant to the 
settlement or payment under the B CDs, as the Calculation Agent 
determines appropriate to account for such replacement and make such 
substitute or successor rate of interest comparable to the Reference 
Rate, in a manner that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for 
such substitute or successor rate of interest. 
Calculation Agent 
Goldman Sachs International. 
Interest Commencement 
Date 
The Issue Date or as otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
Interest Period 
The period from and including the Interest Commencement Date for the 
B CDs to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date for the B CDs, 
and each successive period from and including the first day following 
the end of the preceding Interest Period to but excluding the following 
Interest Payment Date until the principal of the B CDs is paid or made 
available for payment. An Interest Period may be adjusted or 
unadjusted. 
Step-Up B CDs / Step-
Down B CDs 
The B CDs may include an interest step-up provision whereby the 
Interest Rate payable increases at pre-determined periods, as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms. The B CDs may also indicate an interest 
step-down provision whereby the Interest Rate payable decreases at pre-
determined periods, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Business Day 
A day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial 
banking institutions are authorised or required by law to close in 
London or such other business centre as the applicable Final Terms shall 
specify. 
Day Count Fraction 
In respect of the calculation of an amount of interest for any Interest 
Period: 
(i) 
if "1/1 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 1;

--- Page 83 ---
83 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 365 (or, if any portion of the Interest Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and 
(B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period, including 29 
February in a leap year, divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Interest Period and (2) the number of 
Interest Periods in any year; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/Actual (Bond)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of calendar days in the Interest Period, 
divided by the number of calendar days in the Interest Period 
multiplied by the number of Interest Periods in the calendar 
year; 
(v) 
if "Actual/Actual (Euro)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of calendar days in the Interest Period 
divided by 365, or if the Interest Period includes 29 February, 
366; 
(vi) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided 
by 365; 
(vii) 
if "Actual/360 (ISMA)" or "Actual/360 (ICMA)" is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(viii) 
if "30/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period in respect of which 
payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + [D2 – D1]
360
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day 
of the Interest Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Interest 
Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which 
the day immediately following the last day included in the 
Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, 
immediately following the last day included in the Interest

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
Interest Amount Payable 
Interest due on each Interest Payment Date will be an amount equal to 
the product of (a) the aggregate nominal amount of B CDs outstanding 
on the first day of the Interest Period, (b) the Day Count Fraction, and 
(c) the Interest Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Interest 
due will be rounded up or down as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, in such units as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest Payment Date 
Each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
Business Day Convention 
If any Interest Payment Date is specified to be subject to adjustment in 
accordance with a Business Day Convention that would otherwise fall 
on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day 
Convention specified in the applicable Final Terms is: 
(a) 
(in the case of B CDs issued on a floating rate basis only) the 
Floating Rate Business Day Convention, the Interest Payment 
Date will be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (x) such date will be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent 
such date will be the last Business Day of the month in which 
such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment;  
(b) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date will be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day;  
(c) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date 
will be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day; or  
(d) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date will be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
Payments 
on 
non-
Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any B CD is not a Business Day, 
payment shall not be made until the next following Business Day and 
no interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment shall be 
due to the investor. 
Discount B CDs 
Fixed rate B CDs and floating rate B CDs may be original issue 
Discount B CDs. B CDs of this type are issued at a price lower than 
their principal amount and provide that, upon redemption, their 
principal amount will be payable. Original issue Discount B CDs may 
be zero coupon B CDs. 
Premium B CDs 
Fixed rate B CDs and floating rate B CDs may be original issue 
Premium B CDs. B CDs of this type are issued at a price higher than 
their principal amount and provide that, upon redemption, their 
principal amount will be repayable. Original issue Premium B CDs may 
be zero coupon B CDs. 
Nominal Amount 
The principal amount or the par value of a B CD, exclusive of premium 
or interest payable by the Issuer at the Maturity Date of such B CD. 
Scheduled Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled or extended, 
each B CD will be redeemed by the Issuer at 100 per cent. of the

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Nominal Amount on the Maturity Date set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer 
The Issuer will not be entitled to redeem a B CD before its Maturity 
Date, or in the case of Extendible B CDs, its Final Maturity Date, unless 
the applicable Final Terms specifies a redemption commencement date 
(the "Redemption Commencement Date"). If a B CD specifies a 
Redemption Commencement Date, it will also specify one or more 
redemption prices, which may be expressed as a percentage of the 
principal amount of the B CD. A B CD may also specify one or more 
redemption periods during which the specified redemption prices 
relating to a redemption of B CDs during those periods will apply. The 
minimum redemption price will be 100 per cent. of the Nominal 
Amount. 
If a B CD specifies a Redemption Commencement Date, such B CD 
will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer, in whole or in part, at any 
time on or after that date or at a specified time or times. If the Issuer 
redeems a B CD, it will do so at the specified redemption price, together 
with any interest accrued to the redemption date. If different prices are 
specified for different redemption periods, the price paid by the Issuer 
will be the price that applies to the redemption period during which such 
B CD is redeemed. 
Redemption 
upon 
Change in Law 
The Issuer will have the option to redeem a B CD as a result of certain 
developments involving a change in law (including a change in tax law). 
The Issuer will have the option to redeem a B CD if, as a result of any 
change in UK tax treatment, the Issuer would be required to pay an 
additional amount as described in paragraph 6 of the Global B CD or it 
is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of its 
obligations under the B CDs. The redemption price in these 
circumstances will be 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount. 
If the Issuer exercises an option to redeem any B CD, it will give to the 
holder written notice of the principal amount of the B CD to be 
redeemed, not less than 35 days before the applicable redemption date. 
In addition, the Issuer will notify the Luxembourg Stock Exchange of 
any redemption of B CDs. 
Purchase 
The Issuer or its affiliates may purchase B CDs from investors who are 
willing to sell from time to time, either in the open market at prevailing 
prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices, subject to the 
Secondary Market terms  below. B CDs that the Issuer or its affiliates 
purchase may, at the Issuer's discretion, be held, resold or cancelled. 
Secondary Market 
Goldman Sachs International or any other affiliate of the Issuer may use 
this Base Prospectus to resell B CDs in market-making transactions 
from time to time but neither the Issuer nor Goldman Sachs 
International nor any other affiliate of the Issuer will have any 
obligation to make a market in the B CDs after the initial offering and 
purchase and any such market-making, if commenced, may be 
discontinued at any time without notice. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal and interest shall become void unless the relevant 
B CDs are presented for payment within ten years of the appropriate 
maturity date. 
Currencies of issue of the 
B CDs 
B CDs may be denominated in euro, Sterling, US dollars or any other 
currency subject to compliance with any applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Maturity of the B CDs 
The tenor of the B CDs shall be more than 364 days from and including 
the date of issue to but excluding the Final Maturity Date, subject  to 
compliance with any applicable legal and regulatory requirements. 
Extendible B CDs 
The initial Maturity Date of the B CDs will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms may provide that on the initial 
Maturity Date and such other date or dates specified (each, an 
"Extension Date"), the Issuer has the option to extend the initial 
Maturity Date of the B CDs (the "Issuer Extension Option") to such 
date or dates as shall be provided in the applicable Final Terms (each, 
an "Extended Maturity Date"), (such B CDs, "Extendible B CDs"). 
Any such Extended Maturity Date shall in no event exceed the 
maximum maturity from and including the date of issue as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms (the "Final Maturity Date"). 
If the Final Terms provide that the relevant series of the B CDs are 
Extendible B CDs, each time the Issuer elects to exercise the Issuer 
Extension Option, the Issuer is required to deliver a notice of extension 
(an "Extension Notice") to the Relevant Clearing System (through the 
Agent) by no later than 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date specified 
in the Final Terms (each, an "Extension Notice Date"), for 
communication by the Relevant Clearing System to the holders of the 
Extendible B CDs, informing holders of the B CDs that the Issuer will 
be exercising the Issuer Extension Option. 
Each Extension Notice shall contain the following information: 

confirmation that the Issuer will be exercising the Issuer 
Extension Option; 

the applicable Extended Maturity Date; 

the applicable Exercise Deadline (as defined below); 

the applicable interest rate for the period between the initial 
Maturity Date and the applicable Extended Maturity Date (the 
"Extended Interest Rate"); and 

the form of Exercise Notice (as defined below). 
If the Issuer does not exercise its Issuer Extension Option on any 
Extension Date, the Extendible B CDs will be redeemed on the then 
current Maturity Date. 
If the Issuer fails to publish an Extension Notice on an Extension Notice 
Date, then each holder of Extendible B CDs will be deemed to have 
exercised its Non-Extension Option, the then current Maturity Date 
shall not be extended and the Extendible B CDs will be redeemed on 
the then current Maturity Date. 
If the Issuer exercises its Issuer Extension Option, each holder of 
Extendible B CDs has the option not to extend the then current Maturity 
Date in respect of some or all of those Extendible B CDs (the "Non-
Extension Option"), in which case the then current Maturity Date shall 
not be extended in respect of those Extendible B CDs the subject of the 
Non-Extension Option and the relevant Extendible B CDs shall be 
redeemed on the then current Maturity Date. In order to exercise its 
Non-Extension Option in respect of some or all of those Extendible B 
CDs, the holder of the Extendible B CDs must deliver a duly completed 
option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form annexed to 
the applicable Extension Notice by no later than 5.00 p.m. (London

--- Page 87 ---
87 
time) on the date specified in the Final Terms (the "Exercise Deadline") 
to the Relevant Clearing System for communication by the Relevant 
Clearing System through the Agent to the Issuer. 
There will be a minimum of 10 Business Days between each Extension 
Notice Date and applicable Exercise Deadline unless otherwise agreed 
with the Relevant Clearing System. 
Upon delivery to the Relevant Clearing System, an Exercise Notice 
shall be revocable until the applicable Exercise Deadline, at which time 
such notice will become irrevocable and binding upon the holder, or any 
transferee of such holder, of the Extendible B CDs.  
If a holder of Extendible B CDs delivers an Exercise Notice in respect 
of part only of its holding of Extendible B CDs, the principal amount of 
such partial holding of Extendible B CDs (the "Maturing B CDs") will 
become due and payable on the then current Maturity Date. The 
aggregate principal amount of the Maturing B CDs will be represented 
by a new Global B CD to be issued on the applicable Extension Date, 
provided that any such principal amount of the Maturing B CDs will 
not be less than EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency). 
The Maturing B CDs represented by the new Global CD will be 
unlisted. The new Global CD so issued will have the same terms as the 
B CDs, except that it will not be extendible, will have a separate ISIN 
and a separate Common Code and its maturity date will be the then 
current Maturity Date. The outstanding principal amount of such 
Extendible B CDs shall be reduced by the amount of the Maturing B 
CDs with effect from the applicable Extension Date, provided that any 
such principal amount of the outstanding Extendible B CDs will not be 
less than EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency). 
If a holder of Extendible B CDs does not deliver an Exercise Notice 
prior to the applicable Exercise Deadline, the then current Maturity Date 
shall be extended automatically to the next following Extended 
Maturity Date and interest from the then current Maturity Date will 
continue to accrue on the Extendible B CDs at the Extended Interest 
Rate and shall be payable on the applicable Extended Maturity Date. 
If the Issuer exercises its Issuer Extension Option and the holder of 
Extendible B CDs exercises its Non-Extension Option, the relevant 
Extendible B CDs will be non-transferable in the period between the 
relevant Exercise Deadline and the relevant Extension Date. For the 
avoidance of doubt, no restrictions on transfer will exist during this 
period for the holders of the Extendible B CDs who have not exercised 
its Non-Extension Option. 
Minimum 
Issuance 
Amount 
At least EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency). 
Minimum denomination 
of the B CDs 
The minimum denomination of each B CD will be EUR 100,000 (or the 
equivalent in any other currency) unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and integral multiples of amounts as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (subject in each case to compliance with 
all applicable legal and regulatory requirements). For any B CDs 
admitted to trading on the regulated market on Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the minimum denomination of each CD will not be less than 
EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in any other currency). 
Status of the B CDs 
The B CDs shall represent direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu
with all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured

--- Page 88 ---
88 
obligations for funds borrowed or guaranteed by the Issuer (other than 
in the case of obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of law). 
Governing 
law 
that 
applies to the B CDs 
The B CDs, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the B CDs, will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, English law.
The Issuer has agreed for the exclusive benefit of the bearer of a B CD 
that the courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes 
which may arise out of or in connection with a B CD (including a 
dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with a B CD) and that accordingly any suit, action or 
proceedings (together, "Proceedings") arising out of or in connection 
with a B CD (including Proceedings relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with a B CD) may be brought 
in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably waives any objection which it 
may have had or will have to the laying of the venue of any such 
Proceedings in any such court and any claim that any such Proceedings 
have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further irrevocably 
agrees that a judgment in any such proceedings brought in the English 
courts shall be conclusive and binding upon it and may be enforced in 
the courts of any other jurisdiction. This waiver has been made for the 
benefit of each of the holders of B CDs and shall not limit any right to 
take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of competent 
jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more 
jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other 
jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch. 
Notices 
In relation to the B CDs which are admitted to listing on the Official 
List and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange as the rules of that stock exchange so require, notices to the 
holders of B CDs shall be validly given if published in the Luxemburger 
Wort, being a leading newspaper having general circulation in 
Luxembourg, or through publication on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Notices to the Issuer will be made to its office by mail or telefax and 
addressed for the attention of the person designated by it for that 
purpose as set out below: 
Goldman Sachs International Bank 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London, EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
Attn: Chirag D. Patel

--- Page 89 ---
89 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – A CDS 
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL BANK 
(LEI: N9FYJ29MC81JI74MJE92) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of A CDs] 
under the Certificate of Deposit Programme 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such in the Terms and Conditions of the A CDs set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 9 March 2023 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus dated 9 March 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the A CDs described 
herein and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the Programme is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at www.luxse.com and during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
Series Number: 
[] 
Specified Currency: 
[] 
Nominal Amount of A CDs: 
[] 
Issue Price: 
[] [Premium] [Discount] 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
Issue Date: 
[] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[]/[Issue Date]  
Maturity Date: 
[] 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[specify reference rate] +/- [] per cent. Floating Rate]  
[Zero Coupon]
Day Count Fraction: 
[[1/1 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] [Actual/Actual (Bond)] [Actual/Actual (Euro)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] [Actual/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/360 
(ICMA)] [30/360 (ISDA)]]  
Business Day: 
 [London]/[specify]. 
Interest Amount Payable: 
Interest due on the Interest Payment Date will be an amount 
equal to the product of (a) the aggregate nominal amount of 
A CDs outstanding on the first day of the Interest Period, (b) 
the Day Count Fraction, and (c) the Interest Rate. Interest 
due will be rounded [up][down] to the nearest whole []. 
Interest Period: 
The period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date for the A CDs to but excluding the first Interest 
Payment Date for the A CDs and each successive period 
from and including the first day following the end of the 
preceding Interest Period to but excluding the following 
Interest Payment Date, until the principal of the A CDs is 
paid or made available for payment. 
[Adjusted] [Unadjusted]

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Provisions relating to interest (if any) payable 
Fixed rate provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Interest Rate: 
[] per cent. per annum 
Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not 
Applicable/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified Business Day Convention/Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
Floating rate provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Interest Rate: 
The rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate for such 
Interest Period [plus]/[minus] [spread] per cent. 
Interest Period: 
[] 
Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not 
Applicable/Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] 
Interest Reset Date[s]: 
[] 
Reference Rate: 
[●]-month [EURIBOR] / [SOFR] / [SONIA] / [€STR] / 
[GBP-SONIA] / [USD-SOFR] / [EUR-EuroSTR] / [CHF-
SARON] / [HKD-HONIA] / [JPY-TONA] / [SGD-SORA] / 
[AUD-AONIA] / [USD-Federal Funds] / [EUR-EURIBOR] 
/ [AUD-BBSW] / [HKD-HIBOR] / [JPY-TIBOR] / [SGD-
SIBOR] / [AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound] / [CHF-SARON-
OIS Compound] / [EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound] / [GBP-
SONIA-OIS Compound] / [HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound] 
/ 
[JPY-TONA-OIS 
Compound] 
/ 
[SGD-SORA-OIS 
Compound] / [USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound] / [USD-
SOFR-OIS Compound] / [] 
[The Issuer may select an alternative reference rate in 
respect of floating rate interest bearing A CDs. If so, the 
Interest Rate should be determined in accordance with the 
applicable provisions as set out in the section entitled 
"Floating Rate Interest" in "Terms and Conditions of the A 
CDs".]
Manner in which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
Calculation Agent: 
[Goldman Sachs International]/[] 
Screen Rate Determination
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Reference Banks: 
[]/Not Applicable 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[]/Not Applicable 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)/Weighted 
Average/Compounded Daily (Index Determination)/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 91 ---
91 
[Delete as appropriate. Complete for floating rate interest 
bearing A CDs only where the Reference Rate is specified as 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR.  Compounded Daily (Index 
Determination) only available where the Reference Rate is 
specified as SONIA or SOFR.] 
Relevant Number: 
[]/Not Applicable  
[Complete for floating rate interest bearing A CDs only 
where the Calculation Method is specified as Compounded 
Daily (Index Determination)] 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Shift/Not Applicable]  
[Delete as appropriate. Complete for floating rate interest 
bearing A CDs only where the Reference Rate is specified as 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR] 
Observation Look-back Period:
[]/Not Applicable  
[Complete for floating rate interest bearing A CDs only 
where the Reference Rate is specified as SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR and the Observation Method is specified as Lag or 
Shift. Cannot be less than five Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date.] 
Lock-out Date: 
[]/Not Applicable  
[Complete for floating rate interest bearing A CDs only 
where the Reference Rate is specified as SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR and the Observation Method is specified as Lock-out] 
p: 
[]/Not Applicable  
[Cannot be less than five Business Days prior to the relevant 
Interest Payment Date.] 
D: 
[]/Not Applicable  
[Complete for floating rate interest bearing A CDs only 
where the Reference Rate is specified as SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR] 
ISDA Determination  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
Overnight Rates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Include Applicable for floating rate interest bearing A CDs 
only and where the Reference Rate is GBP-SONIA, USD-
SOFR, EUR-EuroSTR, CHF-SARON, HKD-HONIA, JPY 
TONA, SGD-SORA, AUD-AONIA or USD-Federal Funds 
and complete the line items in the rest of this section, 
otherwise include Not Applicable] 
Compounding/Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
Compounding: 
[Compounding with Lookback / Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift / Compounding with Lockout] / 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Averaging: 
[Averaging with Lookback / Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift / Averaging with Lockout] / [Not Applicable]
[ 
Lookback: 
[5] Applicable Business Days / [Not Applicable] 
[Delete this field if Compounding with Lookback or 
Averaging with Lookback is not selected or 
Compounding/Averaging is specified as Not Applicable.] 
Observation Period Shift: 
[5] Observation Period Shift Business Days] / [Not 
Applicable]
[Delete this field and the "Observation Period Shift 
Additional Business Days" field if Compounding with 
Observation Period Shift or Averaging with Observation 
Period Shift is not selected or Compounding/Averaging is 
specified as Not Applicable.] 
Lockout: 
[5] Lockout Period Shift Business Days / [Not Applicable]
[Delete this field and "Lockout Period Business Days" field 
if Compounding with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout is 
not selected or Compounding/ Averaging is specified as Not 
Applicable.]
Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●] / [Not Applicable]
[This field is to specify the financial centre(s) for the 
purposes of the Lockout Business Days. If none are 
specified and Not Applicable is selected, the Lockout 
Business Days will be the Applicable Business Days (i.e. the 
rate business days). This field should be completed and the 
parties may wish to refer to the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix. As at December 2021 the number of Lockout Period 
Business Days for Compounding with Lockout and 
Averaging with Lockout in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix has not yet been populated for any of GBP-SONIA, 
USD-SOFR, EUR-EuroSTR, CHF-SARON, HKD-HONIA, 
JPY TONA, SGD-SORA, AUD-AONIA or USD-Federal 
Funds. However, the default designation is 5 Lockout 
Period Business Days in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions. 
Note 
that 
when 
populated 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix may not reflect the default 
designation]
Term Rates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Include Applicable for floating rate interest bearing A CDs 
only and where the Reference Rate is EUR-EURIBOR, 
AUD-BBSW, HKD-HIBOR, JPY-TIBOR, SGD-SIBOR,  
otherwise include Not Applicable] 
OIS Compounding Rates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 93 ---
93 
[Include Applicable for floating rate interest bearing A CDs 
only where the Reference Rate is AUD-AONIA-OIS 
Compound, CHF-SARON-OIS Compound, EUR-EuroSTR-
OIS Compound, GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound, HKD-
HONIA-OIS Compound, JPY-TONA-OIS Compound, SGD-
SORA-OIS Compound, USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound 
or USD-SOFR-OIS Compound and complete the line items 
in the rest of this section, otherwise include Not Applicable]
Calculation Period: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
[Needs to take into account the Fixing Date for the relevant 
Reference Rate specified in the Floating Rate Matrix]
Reference Rate Determination Date: 
[5] Applicable Business Days / [Not Applicable] 
[This should be no less than 3 Business Days and no more 
than 5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Reset 
Date (taking into account the Fixing Day for the relevant 
Reference Rate, which may be the day after the relevant date 
in a Calculation Period)] 
Zero Coupon 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Provisions relating to redemption 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Redemption Commencement Date: 
[]/Not Applicable 
Redemption price(s): 
[]/Not Applicable 
Redemption period: 
[]/Not Applicable 
Provisions relating to Extendible A CDs 
Extendible A CDs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
[If the Issuer Extension Option is to apply more than once, 
each relevant Extension Date should be included below] 
[First] Extension Date: 
[] 
[First] Extended Maturity Date: 
[] [date or period] 
[First] Extension Notice Date: 
[] 
[First] Exercise Deadline 
[] 
Final Maturity Date: 
[]/Not Applicable 
General provisions 
New global form: 
[Yes/No]
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
CDs are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the CDs will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB

--- Page 94 ---
94 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] [include this text if "Yes" selected in which case the A 
CDs must be issued in new global form]. 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date 
of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the A CDs are 
capable of meeting them the A CDs may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the A CDs will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.] 
Distribution 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
Name of the relevant Dealer: 
[]/[Goldman Sachs International]/[Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE] 
Listing and admission to trading 
Listing: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the A CDs to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from [].] [Not Applicable.] 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[]/Not Applicable 
Ratings: 
The A CDs to be issued have been rated: 
[Fitch:[]]  
[S&P: []] 
[Moody's: []] 
[[Other]: []] 
Yield: Indication of yield 
[Fixed rate A CDs only: [] per annum]  
[Zero coupon A CDs only: [] per annum] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
issue price. It is not an indication of future yield. 
Interests of natural and legal persons 
involved in the Programme: 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
Programme has an interest material to the Programme.]/[] 
Historical interest rates: (Floating rate A CDs only)
Details of historical Reference Rate 
can be found: 
[] 
Operational Information 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[]

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)].
Prohibition of Offer to Private Clients 
in Switzerland: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Relevant Benchmark[s] 
[Include if applicable: [Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name] [repeat as 
necessary]. [As at the date of these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear] [repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.]   [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] / [As at the date of 
these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not appear] [repeat as necessary] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation.] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [administrator legal name] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the United Kingdom, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 96 ---
96 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – B CDs 
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL BANK 
(LEI: N9FYJ29MC81JI74MJE92) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of B CDs] 
under the Certificate of Deposit Programme 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such in the Terms and Conditions of the B CDs set 
forth in the base prospectus dated 9 March 2023 (the "Base Prospectus") [and the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus dated 9 March 2023] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the B CDs described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
Full information on the Issuer and the Programme is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at www.luxse.com and during 
normal business hours at [address] [and copies may be obtained from [address]]. 
Series Number: 
[] 
Specified Currency: 
[] 
Nominal Amount of B CDs: 
[] 
Issue Price: 
[] [Premium] [Discount] 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[] 
Issue Date: 
[] 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[]/[Issue Date]  
Maturity Date: 
[] 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
[[specify reference rate] +/- [] per cent. Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
Day Count Fraction: 
[[1/1 (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (Bond)] [Actual/Actual (Euro)] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] [Actual/360 (ISDA)] [Actual/360 (ICMA)] [30/360 
(ISDA)]] 
Business Day: 
[London]/[specify] 
Interest Amount Payable: 
Interest due on the Interest Payment Date will be an amount 
equal to the product of (a) the aggregate nominal amount of B 
CDs outstanding on the first day of the Interest Period, (b) the 
Day Count Fraction, and (c) the Interest Rate. Interest due will 
be rounded [up][down] to the nearest whole []. 
Interest Period: 
The period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date for the B CDs to but excluding the first Interest Payment 
Date for the B CDs and each successive period from and 
including the first day following the end of the preceding 
Interest Period to but excluding the following Interest Payment 
Date, until the principal of the B CDs is paid or made available 
for payment.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
[Adjusted] [Unadjusted] 
Provisions relating to interest (if any) payable 
Fixed rate provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Interest Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum]  
[For Step-Up B CDs / Step-Down B CDs: [] per cent. per annum 
commencing on (and including) [date] until (but not including) 
[date]  
[] per cent. per annum commencing on (and including) [date] 
until (but not including) [date]  
[] per cent. per annum commencing on (and including) [date] 
until (but not including) the Maturity Date]] 
Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable/Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
Floating rate provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Interest Rate: 
[The rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate for such Interest 
Period [plus]/[minus] [spread] per cent.] 
[For Step-Up B CDs / Step-Down B CDs: The rate per annum 
equal to the Reference Rate for such Interest Period 
[plus]/[minus]  [spread] per cent. commencing on (and 
including) [date] until (but not including) [date] 
The rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate for such Interest 
Period [plus]/[minus] [spread] per cent. commencing on (and 
including) [date] until (but not including) [date] 
The rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate for such Interest 
Period [plus]/[minus] [spread] per cent. commencing on (and 
including) [date] until (but not including) Maturity Date]] 
Interest Period: 
[] 
Interest Payment Date[s]: 
[] 
Business Day Convention: 
[Not 
Applicable/Floating 
Rate 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
Interest Reset Date[s]: 
[] 
Reference Rate: 
[●]-month [EURIBOR] / [SOFR] / [SONIA] / [€STR] / [GBP-
SONIA] / [USD-SOFR] / [EUR-EuroSTR] / [CHF-SARON] / 
[HKD-HONIA] / [JPY-TONA] / [SGD-SORA] / [AUD-
AONIA] / [USD-Federal Funds] / [EUR-EURIBOR] / [AUD-
BBSW] / [HKD-HIBOR] / [JPY-TIBOR] / [SGD-SIBOR] / 
[AUD-AONIA-OIS 
Compound] 
/ 
[CHF-SARON-OIS 
Compound] / [EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound] / [GBP-SONIA-
OIS Compound] / [HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound] / [JPY-
TONA-OIS Compound] / [SGD-SORA-OIS Compound] / 
[USD-Federal Funds-OIS Compound] / [USD-SOFR-OIS 
Compound]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
Calculation Agent: 
[Goldman Sachs International]/[] 
Screen Rate Determination
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Reference Banks: 
[]/Not Applicable 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[]/Not Applicable 
Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily (Non-Index Determination)/Weighted 
Average/Compounded 
Daily 
(Index 
Determination)/Not 
Applicable] [Delete as appropriate. Complete for floating rate 
interest bearing B CDs only where the Reference Rate is 
specified as SONIA, SOFR or €STR.  Compounded Daily (Index 
Determination) only available where the Reference Rate is 
specified as SONIA or SOFR.]  
Relevant Number: 
[]/Not Applicable [Complete for floating rate interest bearing 
B CDs only where the Calculation Method is specified as 
Compounded Daily (Index Determination)] 
Observation Method: 
[Lag/Lock-out/Shift/Not Applicable] [Delete as appropriate. 
Complete for floating rate interest bearing B CDs only where the 
Reference Rate is specified as SONIA, SOFR or €STR] 
Observation Look-back Period: 
[]/Not Applicable [Complete for floating rate interest bearing 
B CDs only where the Reference Rate is specified as SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR and the Observation Method is specified as Lag 
or Shift. Cannot be less than five Business Days prior to the 
relevant Interest Payment Date.] 
Lock-out Date: 
[]/Not Applicable [Complete for floating rate interest bearing 
B CDs only where the Reference Rate is specified as SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR and the Observation Method is specified as Lock-
out] 
p: 
[]/Not Applicable [Cannot be less than five Business Days prior 
to the relevant Interest Payment Date.] 
D: 
[]/Not Applicable [Complete for floating rate interest bearing 
B CDs only where the Reference Rate is specified as SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR] 
ISDA Determination 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Overnight Rates: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Include Applicable for floating rate interest bearing B CDs only 
and where the Reference Rate is GBP-SONIA, USD-SOFR, 
EUR-EuroSTR, CHF-SARON, HKD-HONIA, JPY TONA, SGD-
SORA, AUD-AONIA or USD-Federal Funds and complete the 
line items in the rest of this section, otherwise include Not 
Applicable] 
Compounding/Averaging: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
Compounding: 
[Compounding with Lookback / Compounding with Observation 
Period Shift / Compounding with Lockout] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Averaging: 
[Averaging with Lookback / Averaging with Observation Period 
Shift / Averaging with Lockout]/[Not Applicable]
Lookback: 
[5] Applicable Business Days / [Not Applicable] 
[Delete this field if Compounding with Lookback or Averaging 
with Lookback is not selected or Compounding/Averaging is 
specified as Not Applicable.] 
Observation Period Shift: 
[5] Observation Period Shift Business Days] / [Not 
Applicable]
[Delete this field and the "Observation Period Shift Additional 
Business Days" field if Compounding with Observation Period 
Shift or Averaging with Observation Period Shift is not selected 
or Compounding/Averaging is specified as Not Applicable.] 
Lockout: 
[5] Lockout Period Shift Business Days / [Not Applicable]
[Delete this field and "Lockout Period Business Days" field if 
Compounding with Lockout or Averaging with Lockout is not 
selected or Compounding/ Averaging is specified as Not 
Applicable.]
Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Additional Business Days: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
Lockout Period Business Days: 
[●] / [Not Applicable]
[This field is to specify the financial centre(s) for the purposes 
of the Lockout Business Days. If none are specified and Not 
Applicable is selected, the Lockout Business Days will be the 
Applicable Business Days (i.e. the rate business days). This field 
should be completed and the parties may wish to refer to the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix. As at December 2021 the 
number of Lockout Period Business Days for Compounding with 
Lockout 
and 
Averaging 
with 
Lockout 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix has not yet been populated for 
any of GBP-SONIA, USD-SOFR, EUR-EuroSTR, CHF-SARON, 
HKD-HONIA, JPY TONA, SGD-SORA, AUD-AONIA or USD-
Federal Funds. However, the default designation is 5 Lockout 
Period Business Days in accordance with the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions. 
Note 
that 
when 
populated 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix may not reflect the default 
designation]
Term Rates:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Include Applicable for floating rate interest bearing B CDs 
only and where the Reference Rate is EUR-EURIBOR, AUD-
BBSW, HKD-HIBOR, JPY-TIBOR, SGD-SIBOR, otherwise 
include Not Applicable]

--- Page 100 ---
100 
OIS Compounding Rates:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[Include Applicable for floating rate interest bearing B CDs 
only where the Reference Rate is AUD-AONIA-OIS Compound, 
CHF-SARON-OIS Compound, EUR-EuroSTR-OIS Compound, 
GBP-SONIA-OIS Compound, HKD-HONIA-OIS Compound, 
JPY-TONA-OIS Compound, SGD-SORA-OIS Compound, USD-
Federal Funds-OIS Compound or USD-SOFR-OIS Compound 
and complete the line items in the rest of this section, otherwise 
include Not Applicable] 
Calculation Period:
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
[Needs to take into account the Fixing Date for the relevant 
Reference Rate specified in the Floating Rate Matrix]
Reference Rate Determination 
Date: 
[5] Applicable Business Days / [Not Applicable] 
[This should be no less than 3 Business Days and no more than 
5 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Reset Date (taking 
into account the Fixing Day for the relevant Reference Rate, 
which may be the day after the relevant date in a Calculation 
Period)]
Zero Coupon 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
Provisions relating to redemption
Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
Redemption Commencement 
Date:  
[]/Not Applicable 
Redemption price(s): 
[]/Not Applicable 
Redemption period: 
[]/Not Applicable 
Provisions relating to Extendible B CDs
Extendible B CDs: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] [If the Issuer Extension Option is to 
apply more than once, each relevant Extension Date should be 
included below] 
[First] Extension Date: 
[] 
[First] Extended Maturity Date: 
[] [date or period] 
[First] Extension Notice Date: 
[] 
[First] Exercise Deadline 
[] 
Final Maturity Date: 
[]/Not Applicable 
General provisions 
New global form: 
[Yes/No]  
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the B 
CDs are intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the B CDs will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by

--- Page 101 ---
101 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[include this text if "Yes" selected in which case the B CDs must 
be issued in new global form].  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the B CDs are capable of meeting 
them the B CDs may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the B CDs will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
Distribution 
Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
Name of the relevant Dealer: 
[ ]/[Goldman Sachs International]/[Goldman Sachs Bank 
Europe SE] 
Listing and admission to trading 
Listing: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[Not 
Applicable] 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the B CDs to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange with effect from []] [Not Applicable.] 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to trading: 
[]/Not Applicable 
Ratings: 
The B CDs to be issued have been rated:  
[Fitch:[]] (Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
rating, if published) 
[S&P: []] (Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
rating, if published) 
[Moody's: []] (Include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the rating, if published) 
[[Other]: []] (Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
rating, if published) 
Indication of yield [fixed 
rate/zero coupon B CDs only]: 
[] per annum 
Historical interest rates: (Floating rate B CDs only)
Details of historical Reference 
Rate can be found: 
[] 
Interests of natural and legal 
persons involved in the 
Programme: 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
Programme has an interest material to the Programme.]/[] 
Use of Proceeds, estimated 
net proceeds

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Use of Proceeds 
[] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus / Give Details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if use of 
proceeds differs from what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, 
give details here.) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
Operational Information 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]]. 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[] (specify)].  
Prohibition of offer to Private 
Clients in Switzerland: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
Relevant Benchmark[s] 
[Include if applicable: [Specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator legal name] [repeat as 
necessary]. [As at the date of these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear] [repeat as necessary] in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation.] [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
[administrator legal name] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] / [As at the date of 
these Final Terms, [administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not appear] [repeat as necessary] in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to 
Article 36 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation.] [As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [administrator legal name] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the United Kingdom, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of CDs will be 
used by the Issuer for its general banking purposes.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
TAXATION  
The following is an overview of certain United Kingdom and Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act tax 
considerations relating to the CDs. It does not constitute legal or tax advice. It does not purport to be a 
complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the CDs, whether in the United Kingdom, United 
States or elsewhere. The summaries below are based on current UK and United States tax law and what 
is understood to be the published practice of HM Revenue & Customs ("HMRC") and the United States 
Internal Revenue Service at the date hereof, all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive 
effect. The UK tax comments below relate only to persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of CDs 
and may not apply to certain classes of holders, such as dealers in securities and holders who are 
connected with the Issuer for UK tax purposes, and do not necessarily apply where the income in respect 
of the CDs is deemed for UK tax purposes to be the income of any person other than the holder of the 
CDs. Special rules may apply to persons who carry on a trade of dealing in or developing UK land or 
carry on a UK property business or have other UK property income. Prospective purchasers of CDs 
under the Programme should be aware that ownership of the CDs, and any transactions involving the 
CDs, including the issue of any CDs, any purchase, disposal, lapse or redemption of, or other dealings 
in, the CDs and any transaction involved in the exercise and settlement of the CDs, may have tax 
consequences (including but not limited to withholding taxes and possible liabilities to stamp duties, 
transfer and registration taxes). The tax consequences may depend, amongst other things, upon the status 
and circumstances of the prospective purchaser, the terms and conditions of the particular CDs specified 
by the relevant Final Terms, and the applicable law and practice of taxation authorities in relevant 
jurisdictions. The following is a general guide and should be treated with appropriate caution. 
Prospective purchasers of any CDs should consult their own tax advisers in relevant jurisdictions about 
the tax implications of holding any CDs and of any transaction involving any CDs. 
United Kingdom Tax Considerations 
References to "interest" in this section mean interest as understood in UK tax law, which may include a 
premium but does not normally include original issue discount. 
There is no UK withholding tax in respect of any payments on the CDs which constitute original issue 
discount. Payments of interest on the CDs issued by the Issuer will not be subject to withholding or 
deduction for or on account of UK taxation so long as the Issuer is a "bank" as defined by section 991 of 
the Income Tax Act 2007 ("ITA 2007") and the payment of interest is made in the ordinary course of the 
Issuer's business.  
Even if payments of interest on the CDs do not fall to be exempt from UK withholding tax pursuant to 
the paragraph above, no withholding is required (subject to contrary direction from HMRC) in respect 
of payments to a holder whom the Issuer reasonably believes is the beneficial owner of the interest 
payable on the CDs and is either a company resident for tax purposes in the United Kingdom, or a 
company resident for tax purposes outside the United Kingdom carrying on a trade, profession or 
vocation in the United Kingdom through a UK permanent establishment where the payment is required 
to be brought into account in calculating the chargeable profits of that company for the purposes of UK 
corporation tax, or falls within various categories enjoying a special tax status (including charities and 
certain pension funds), or is a partnership consisting of such persons. 
Furthermore, no withholding is required in the case of interest ("short interest") on CDs with a maturity 
date of less than one year from the date of issue (and where the borrowing under the CDs at no time 
forms part of a borrowing which has, or is intended to have, a total term of one year or more). 
In all other cases, payments of interest will generally be subject to deduction of tax at the basic rate, 
which is currently 20 per cent. Holders of CDs who are resident for tax purposes in jurisdictions outside 
the United Kingdom may also be able to receive payment free of deductions or subject to a lower rate of 
deduction under an appropriate double taxation treaty and HMRC may issue a direction to that effect. 
However, any such direction will, in any case, be issued only on prior application to HMRC by the holder 
in question. If such a direction is not in place at the time a payment of interest is made, the Issuer may 
be required to withhold tax, although a holder of CDs resident in another jurisdiction who is entitled to 
such relief may subsequently claim from HMRC the amount, or a proportion of the amount, withheld. 
The return on the CDs issued by the Issuer (whether interest or original issue discount) will have a UK 
source for tax purposes and, as such, may be subject to income tax by direct assessment even where paid

--- Page 105 ---
105 
without withholding. However, interest or discount with a UK source received without deduction or 
withholding on account of UK tax will not generally be chargeable to UK income tax or corporation tax 
in the hands of a person who is not resident for tax purposes in the United Kingdom unless that person 
carries on a trade, profession or vocation in the United Kingdom through a branch or agency (or, for 
holders who are companies, through a permanent establishment) in the United Kingdom in connection 
with which the interest or discount is received or to which the CDs are attributable, in which case (subject 
to exemptions for interest or discount received by certain categories of agent) income tax or corporation 
tax may be levied on the UK branch, agency or permanent establishment.  
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Withholding 
The following overview of FATCA (as defined below) is for general information purposes only. 
Prospective purchasers of CDs should consult their own tax advisers regarding FATCA. 
A US law commonly known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") could impose a 
withholding tax of 30 per cent. on payments on CDs paid to you or any non-US person or entity that 
receives such income (a "non-US payee") on your behalf, unless you and each non-US payee in the 
payment chain comply with the applicable information reporting, account identification, withholding, 
certification and other FATCA-related requirements. This withholding tax could apply to payments on 
the CDs no earlier than the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
"foreign passthru payments" are published by the US Treasury Department. However, this withholding 
tax will generally not apply to CDs unless they are treated as giving rise to "foreign passthru payments" 
and are issued after the date that is six months after the US Treasury Department issues final regulations 
defining "foreign passthru payments," (the "grandfathering deadline"). There are currently no rules 
regarding what constitutes a "foreign passthru payment" or specifying when the defining regulations will 
be issued. 
Notwithstanding the above, if the terms of the CDs are modified after the grandfathering deadline in a 
way that would cause the CDs to be treated as reissued for US tax purposes, the CDs would cease to be 
exempt from the withholding tax described above after the modification. Changes related to an extension 
to the maturity date of your CDs may, depending on the terms of your CDs and the extension, cause your 
CDs to be treated as reissued for US tax purposes. In addition, the effective date for withholding 
discussed above reflects proposed regulations by the US Treasury Department which delay the effective 
date for withholding. The US Treasury Department have indicated that taxpayers may rely on the 
proposed regulations until final regulations are issued and the discussion above assumes that the proposed 
regulations will be finalised in their current form.  
Even if this withholding tax were to apply to payments on any CDs, in the case of a payee that is a non-
US financial institution (for example, a clearing system, custodian, nominee or broker), withholding 
generally will not be imposed if the financial institution complies with the requirements imposed by 
FATCA to collect and report (to the US or another relevant taxing authority) substantial information 
regarding such institution's US account holders (which would include some account holders that are non-
US entities but have US owners). Other payees, including individuals, may be required to provide proof 
of tax residence or waivers of confidentiality laws and/or, in the case of non-US entities, certification or 
information relating to their US ownership. 
Under this withholding regime, withholding may be imposed at any point in a chain of payments if the 
payee is not compliant. A chain may work as follows, for example: the payment is transferred through 
the Paying Agent to a clearing system, the clearing system makes a payment to each of the clearing 
system's participants, and finally the clearing system participant makes a payment to a non-US bank or 
broker through which you hold the CDs, who credits the payment to your account. Accordingly, if you 
receive payments through a chain that includes one or more non-US payees, such as a non-US bank or 
broker, the payment could be subject to withholding if, for example, your non-US bank or broker through 
which you hold the CDs fails to comply with the FATCA requirements and is subject to withholding. 
This would be the case even if you would not otherwise have been directly subject to withholding. 
A number of countries have entered into, and other countries are expected to enter into, agreements with 
the US to facilitate the type of information reporting required under FATCA. While the existence of such 
agreements will not eliminate the risk that CDs will be subject to the withholding described above, these 
agreements are expected to reduce the risk of the withholding for investors in (or investors that indirectly 
hold CDs through financial institutions in) those countries. The US and the United Kingdom have entered

--- Page 106 ---
106 
into such an agreement. Under this agreement, a financial institution that is resident in the United 
Kingdom and meets the requirements of the agreement will not be subject to the withholding described 
above on payments it receives and generally will not be required to withhold from non-US source income 
payments that it makes, including payments on the CDs. 
The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts in respect of this withholding tax, so if this withholding 
applies, you will receive less than the amount that you would have otherwise received. 
Depending on your circumstances, in the event the Issuer is required to withhold any amounts in respect 
of this withholding tax, you may be entitled to a refund or credit in respect of some or all of this 
withholding. However, even if you are entitled to have any such withholding refunded, the required 
procedures could be cumbersome and significantly delay your receipt of any withheld amounts. You 
should consult your own tax advisors regarding FATCA. You should also consult your bank or broker 
through which you would hold the CDs about the likelihood that payments to it (for credit to you) may 
become subject to withholding in the payment chain.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
FORM OF THE GLOBAL A CDS 
The securities covered hereby have not been registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, US persons. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL BANK 
A CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT 
1.
Goldman Sachs International Bank (the "Issuer") certifies that a sum has been deposited with 
it upon terms that on the Maturity Date as set out in the final terms attached hereto (the "Final 
Terms"), or such earlier date or dates as the same may become payable in accordance with 
paragraph 6 below, the Nominal Amount set out in the Final Terms is payable to the bearer 
together with interest thereon at the rate and at the times (if any) specified in the Final Terms. 
Terms defined in the Final Terms attached hereto but not otherwise defined in this Global A 
Certificate of Deposit ("A CD") shall have the same meaning in this Global A CD. If the Final 
Terms specify that the A CDs are Extendible A CDs and the Issuer Extension Option is 
applicable, the references herein to Maturity Date shall be to the then current Maturity Date as 
further provided in the Final Terms. 
2.
All such payments shall be made in accordance with an issue and paying agency agreement 
dated 9 March 2020 (as supplement on or around 7 March 2023) (and as further amended and 
restated or supplemented from time to time) between the Issuer and Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as issue and paying agent (the "Agent"), a copy of which is available for inspection at 
the offices of the Agent, and subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth 
below. All such payments shall be made upon presentation and surrender of this Global A CD 
to or to the order of the Agent referred to above by transfer to an account denominated in the 
Specified Currency set out in the Final Terms maintained by the bearer with a bank in the 
principal financial centre in the country of that currency or, in the case of a Global A CD 
denominated or payable in euro by transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of any member state of the European Union. If the Final Terms specify that the 
new global form is applicable, the Issuer shall procure that details of each payment of the 
Nominal Amount and interest shall be entered pro rata in the records of the Relevant Clearing 
Systems (as defined below) and in the case of any payment of principal, and upon any such 
entry being made, the nominal amount of the A CDs recorded in the records of the Relevant 
Clearing Systems and represented by this Global A CD shall be reduced by the aggregate 
nominal amount of the A CDs so redeemed. The Issuer shall maintain an Agent in Luxembourg 
for as long as the A CDs are admitted to listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.
3.
If the Final Terms specify that the new global form is applicable, the Nominal Amount of CDs 
represented by this Global A CD shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the 
records of each of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream Banking, S.A. and/or any such other 
securities clearance and/or settlement system as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (each a "Relevant Clearing System" and together, the "Relevant Clearing 
Systems"). The records of the Relevant Clearing Systems (which expression in this Global A 
CD means the records that each Relevant Clearing System holds for its customers which reflect 
the amount of such customer's interest in the A CDs (but excluding any interest in the A CDs of 
one clearing system shown in the records of the other clearing systems)) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the nominal amount of A CDs represented by the Global A CD and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by a Relevant Clearing System (which statement shall be made 
available to the bearer of this Global A CD upon request) stating the Nominal Amount of A CDs 
represented by this Global A CD at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of such 
Relevant Clearing System at that time. 
4.
If the Final Terms specify that the new global form is not applicable, the Nominal Amount of 
the A CDs shall be the amount stated as the Nominal Amount in the Final Terms.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
5.
If the Final Terms specify that the A CDs represented by this Global A CD are Extendible A 
CDs, the Maturity Date will be extended at the option of the Issuer as specified in the Final 
Terms, unless a holder exercises its option not to extend the then current Maturity Date (a "Non-
Extension Option") in respect of all or part of its holding of the A CDs represented by this 
Global A CD. On any valid exercise by a holder of its Non-Extension Option in respect of part 
of its holding of the A CDs represented by this Global A CD, the Issuer shall procure that the 
outstanding Nominal Amount of the A CDs represented by this Global A CD shall be reduced 
by the aggregate Nominal Amount of the A CDs so maturing. 
6.
Subject to paragraph 7 below, payments in respect of this Global A CD by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made without set-off, counterclaim, fees, liabilities or similar deductions and free 
and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of, taxes, levies, duties, 
assessments or charges of any nature now or hereafter imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed ("Taxes") by or on behalf of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer (being, as 
of the date hereof, the United Kingdom) or any other jurisdiction through or from which 
payments by or on behalf of the Issuer are made, unless a deduction or withholding for or on 
account of Taxes is required by law. If the Issuer or any agent thereof is required by law to make 
any deduction or withholding for or on account of Taxes, the Issuer shall, to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the bearer of this Global A CD after such deduction or withholding shall 
equal the amount which would have been receivable hereunder in the absence of such deduction 
or withholding, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable where this Global A 
CD is presented for payment: 
(a)
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such Taxes by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction imposing the Taxes other than the mere holding of this 
Global A CD; or 
(b)
more than 15 days after the Maturity Date or, if applicable, the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or (in either case) the date on which payment hereof is duly provided for, whichever 
occurs later, except to the extent that the holder would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts if it had presented this Global A CD on the last day of such period of 
15 days. 
7.
Any amounts to be paid on this A CD will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed 
or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the US Internal Revenue Code (the 
"Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code, and no additional amounts 
will be required to be paid on account of any such deduction or withholding. 
8.
The A CDs may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or in part at any time on or 
after the redemption commencement date if specified in the Final Terms and, in the event of 
certain developments involving a change in law (including a change in tax law as a result of 
which the Issuer would be required to pay an additional amount as described in paragraph 6 
above) or if it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of its obligations under 
the A CDs, on giving not less than 35 days' notice to the holders, at their Nominal Amount (as 
specified in the Final Terms). If the Final Terms specify a redemption commencement date, they 
will also specify one or more redemption prices, which may be expressed as a percentage of the 
Nominal Amount of the A CD specified in the Final Terms. The Final Terms may also specify 
one or more redemption periods during which the specified redemption prices relating to a 
redemption of A CDs during those periods will apply. 
9.
The payment obligation of the Issuer represented by this Global A CD constitutes and at all 
times shall constitute a direct unsecured obligation of the Issuer ranking at least pari passu with 
all present and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer other than 
obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of law applying to companies generally. 
10.
This Global A CD is negotiable and, accordingly, title hereto shall pass by delivery and the 
bearer shall be treated as being absolutely entitled to receive payment upon due presentation

--- Page 109 ---
109 
hereof free and clear of any equity, set-off or counterclaim on the part of the Issuer against any 
previous bearer hereof. 
11.
This Global A CD is issued in respect of an issue of A CDs of the Issuer and is exchangeable in 
whole (but not in part only) for duly executed and authenticated bearer A CDs in definitive form 
(whether before, on or, subject as provided below, after the Maturity Date) if the clearing 
system(s) in which this Global A CD is held at the relevant time terminates its business without 
a successor. 
12.
If the Final Terms indicate that this is an interest bearing Global A CD, then upon each payment 
of interest (if any) prior to the Maturity Date in respect of this Global A CD: 
(a)
if the Final Terms indicate that the new global form is applicable, details of such payment 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the Relevant Clearing Systems; or 
(b)
if the Final Terms indicate that the new global form is not applicable, Schedule 1 hereto 
shall be duly completed by the Paying Agent to reflect such payment; 
and payments due in respect of A CDs for the time being represented by this Global A CD shall 
be made to the bearer of this Global A CD and each payment so made will discharge the Issuer's 
obligation in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries referred to above shall not affect 
such discharge. 
13.
On any payment of interest being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of the 
A CDs represented by this Global A CD, the Issuer shall procure that: 
(a)
if the Final Terms indicate that the new global form is applicable, details of such payment 
or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) shall be entered pro rata in the records 
of each Relevant Clearing System and, upon any such entry being made in the case of a 
purchase and cancellation, the aggregate nominal amount of the A CDs recorded in the 
records of the Relevant Clearing System and represented by this Global A CD shall be 
reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of the A CDs so purchased and cancelled; or 
(b)
if the Final Terms indicate that the new global form is not applicable, details of such 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) shall be entered by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in Schedule 2 hereto (such entry being prima facie evidence that the 
payment or, as the case may be, relevant purchase and cancellation in question has been 
made) and the relevant notation in Schedule 2 hereto recording any such payment or, as 
the case may be, purchase and cancellation shall be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
Upon any such purchase and cancellation, the aggregate nominal amount of the A CDs 
represented by this Global A CD shall be reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of 
the A CDs so purchased and cancelled. 
14.
This Global A CD shall not be validly issued unless manually authenticated by Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch as Agent, and if the Final Terms indicate that the new global form is 
applicable and/or if it is delivered by Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as Agent to the entity 
appointed as common safekeeper for the Relevant Clearing System(s) (the "Common 
Safekeeper") by electronic means, effectuated by the Common Safekeeper. 
15.
Except as other stated in this Global A CD, this Global A CD is subject to the Terms and 
Conditions of the A CDs set forth in the base prospectus dated on or around 7 March 2023 and, 
until this Global A CD is exchanged for duly executed and authenticated A CDs in definitive 
form as provided herein, the holder of this Global A CD shall be entitled to the same benefits as 
if it were the holder of A CDs in definitive form for which it may be exchanged and as if such 
A CDs in definitive form had been issued on the Issue Date specified in the Final Terms. 
16.
This Global A CD and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
17.
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with this Global A CD (including a dispute regarding the existence, validity or 
termination of this Global A CD). The parties to this Global A CD agree that the English courts

--- Page 110 ---
110 
are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any such dispute and accordingly no 
such party will argue to the contrary. 
18.
No person shall have any right to enforce any provision of this Global A CD under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
AUTHENTICATED as Issuing  
and Paying Agent by  
DEUTSCHE BANK AG,  
LONDON BRANCH 
without recourse, warranty or liability and for 
authentication purposes only
Signed on behalf of: 
GOLDMAN 
SACHS 
INTERNATIONAL 
BANK 
By: ________________________________ 
(Authorised Signatory)
By: ________________________________ 
(Authorised Signatory)
[EFFECTUATED by or on behalf of the Common 
Safekeeper] 
[COMMON SAFEKEEPER] 
as Common Safekeeper
By: ________________________________ 
(Authorised Signatory) 
[For the purposes of effectuation only]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
SCHEDULE 1 
FIXED RATE INTEREST PAYMENTS 
Date Made 
Payment From 
Payment To 
Amount Paid 
Notation on 
behalf of Paying 
Agent 
FLOATING RATE INTEREST PAYMENTS 
(First two columns to be completed at time of issue.) 
Period From 
To 
Date of 
Payment 
Interest Rate 
per annum 
Amount of 
Interest 
Notation on 
behalf of 
Paying Agent

--- Page 113 ---
113 
SCHEDULE 2 
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS GLOBAL A CD 
Reductions in the principal amount of this Global A CD following redemption or the purchase and 
cancellation or the exercise of a Non-Extension Option of A CDs are entered in the second and third 
columns below: 
Date 
Reason for the 
reduction in the 
principal amount of 
this Global A CD1
Amount of such 
reduction 
Principal 
amount of this 
Global A CD 
following such 
reduction 
Notation on 
behalf of Paying 
Agent 
1
State whether reduction following (1) redemption of CDs (2) purchase and cancellation of CDs or (3) valid exercise of a Non-Extension 
Option

--- Page 114 ---
114 
FORM OF THE GLOBAL B CDS 
The securities covered hereby have not been registered under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, US persons. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL BANK B CERTIFICATE OF DEPOSIT 
1.
Goldman Sachs International Bank (the "Issuer") certifies that a sum has been deposited with 
it upon terms that on the Maturity Date as set out in the final terms attached hereto (the "Final 
Terms"), or such earlier date or dates as the same may become payable in accordance with 
paragraph 6 below, the Nominal Amount set out in the Final Terms is payable to the bearer 
together with interest thereon at the rate and at the times (if any) specified in the Final Terms. 
Terms defined in the Final Terms attached hereto but not otherwise defined in this Global B 
Certificate of Deposit ("B CD") shall have the same meaning in this Global B CD. If the Final 
Terms specify that the B CDs are Extendible B CDs and the Issuer Extension Option is 
applicable, the references herein to Maturity Date shall be to the then current Maturity Date as 
further provided in the Final Terms. 
2.
All such payments shall be made in accordance with an issue and paying agency agreement 
dated 9 March 2020 (as supplement on or around 7 March 2023 (and as further amended and 
restated or supplemented from time to time) between the Issuer and Deutsche Bank AG, London 
Branch as issue and paying agent (the "Agent"), a copy of which is available for inspection at 
the offices of the Agent, and subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth 
below. All such payments shall be made upon presentation and surrender of this Global B CD 
to or to the order of the Agent referred to above by transfer to an account denominated in the 
Specified Currency set out in the Final Terms maintained by the bearer with a bank in the 
principal financial centre in the country of that currency or, in the case of a Global B CD 
denominated or payable in euro by transfer to a euro account (or any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal 
financial centre of any member state of the European Union. If the Final Terms specify that the 
new global form is applicable, the Issuer shall procure that details of each payment of the 
Nominal Amount and interest shall be entered pro rata in the records of the Relevant Clearing 
Systems (as defined below) and in the case of any payment of principal, and upon any such 
entry being made, the nominal amount of the B CDs recorded in the records of the Relevant 
Clearing Systems and represented by this Global B CD shall be reduced by the aggregate 
nominal amount of the B CDs so redeemed. The Issuer shall maintain an Agent in Luxembourg 
for as long as the B CDs are admitted to listing on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
3.
If the Final Terms specify that the new global form is applicable, the Nominal Amount of B 
CDs represented by this Global B CD shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered 
in the records of each of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., Clearstream Banking, S.A. and/or any such 
other securities clearance and/or settlement as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (each a "Relevant Clearing System" and together, the "Relevant Clearing 
Systems"). The records of the Relevant Clearing Systems (which expression in this Global B 
CD means the records that each Relevant Clearing System holds for its customers which reflect 
the amount of such customer's interest in the B CDs (but excluding any interest in the B CDs of 
one clearing system shown in the records of the other clearing systems)) shall be conclusive 
evidence of the nominal amount of B CDs represented by the Global B CD and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by a Relevant Clearing System (which statement shall be made 
available to the bearer of this Global B CD upon request) stating the Nominal Amount of B CDs 
represented by this Global B CD at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of such 
Relevant Clearing System at that time. 
4.
If the Final Terms specify that the new global form is not applicable, the Nominal Amount of 
the B CDs shall be the amount stated as the Nominal Amount in the Final Terms. 
5.
If the Final Terms specify that the B CDs represented by this Global B CD are Extendible B 
CDs, the Maturity Date will be extended at the option of the Issuer as specified in the Final

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Terms unless a holder exercises its option not to extend the then current Maturity Date (a "Non-
Extension Option") in respect of all or part of its holding of the B CDs represented by this 
Global B CD. On any valid exercise by a holder of its Non-Extension Option in respect of part 
of its holding of the B CDs represented by this Global B CD, the Issuer shall procure that the 
outstanding Nominal Amount of the B CDs represented by this Global B CD shall be reduced 
by the aggregate Nominal Amount of the B CDs so maturing. 
6.
Subject to paragraph 7 below, payments in respect of this Global B CD by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made without set-off, counterclaim, fees, liabilities or similar deductions and free 
and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or on account of, taxes, levies, duties, 
assessments or charges of any nature now or hereafter imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed ("Taxes") by or on behalf of the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Issuer (being, as 
of the date hereof, the United Kingdom) or any other jurisdiction through or from which 
payments by or on behalf of the Issuer are made, unless a deduction or withholding for or on 
account of Taxes is required by law. If the Issuer or any agent thereof is required by law to make 
any deduction or withholding for or on account of Taxes, the Issuer shall, to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net 
amounts received by the bearer of this Global B CD after such deduction or withholding shall 
equal the amount which would have been receivable hereunder in the absence of such deduction 
or withholding, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable where this Global B 
CD is presented for payment: 
(a)
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such Taxes by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction imposing the Taxes other than the mere holding of this 
Global B CD; or 
(b)
more than 15 days after the Maturity Date or, if applicable, the relevant Interest Payment 
Date or (in either case) the date on which payment hereof is duly provided for, whichever 
occurs later, except to the extent that the holder would have been entitled to such 
additional amounts if it had presented this Global B CD on the last day of such period of 
15 days. 
7.
Any amounts to be paid on this B CD will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed 
or required pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the US Internal Revenue Code (the 
"Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement 
entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code, and no additional amounts 
will be required to be paid on account of any such deduction or withholding. 
8.
The B CDs may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or in part at any time on or 
after the redemption commencement date if specified in the Final Terms and, in the event of 
certain developments involving a change in law (including a change in tax law as a result of 
which the Issuer would be required to pay an additional amount as described in paragraph 6 
above) or if it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform any of its obligations under 
the B CDs, on giving not less than 35 days' notice to the holders, at their Nominal Amount (as 
specified in the Final Terms). If the Final Terms specify a redemption commencement date, they 
will also specify one or more redemption prices, which may be expressed as a percentage of the 
Nominal Amount of the B CD specified in the Final Terms. The Final Terms may also specify 
one or more redemption periods during which the specified redemption prices relating to a 
redemption of B CDs during those periods will apply. 
9.
The payment obligation of the Issuer represented by this Global B CD constitutes and at all 
times shall constitute a direct unsecured obligation of the Issuer ranking at least pari passu with 
all present and future unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of the Issuer other than 
obligations preferred by mandatory provisions of law applying to companies generally. 
10.
This Global B CD is negotiable and, accordingly, title hereto shall pass by delivery and the 
bearer shall be treated as being absolutely entitled to receive payment upon due presentation 
hereof free and clear of any equity, set-off or counterclaim on the part of the Issuer against any 
previous bearer hereof.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
11.
This Global B CD is issued in respect of an issue of B CDs of the Issuer and is exchangeable in 
whole (but not in part only) for duly executed and authenticated bearer B CDs in definitive form 
(whether before, on or, subject as provided below, after the Maturity Date) if the clearing 
system(s) in which this Global B CD is held at the relevant time terminates its business without 
a successor. 
12.
If the Final Terms indicate that this is an interest bearing Global B CD, then upon each payment 
of interest (if any) prior to the Maturity Date in respect of this Global B CD: 
(a)
if the Final Terms indicate that the new global form is applicable, details of such payment 
shall be entered pro rata in the records of the Relevant Clearing Systems; or 
(b)
if the Final Terms indicate that the new global form is not applicable, Schedule 1 hereto 
shall be duly completed by the Paying Agent to reflect such payment; 
and payments due in respect of B CDs for the time being represented by this Global B CD shall 
be made to the bearer of this Global B CD and each payment so made will discharge the Issuer's 
obligation in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries referred to above shall not affect 
such discharge. 
13.
On any payment of interest being made in respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of the 
B CDs represented by this Global B CD, the Issuer shall procure that: 
(a)
if the Final Terms indicate that the new global form is applicable, details of such payment 
or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) shall be entered pro rata in the records 
of each Relevant Clearing System and, upon any such entry being made in the case of a 
purchase and cancellation, the aggregate nominal amount of the B CDs recorded in the 
records of the Relevant Clearing System and represented by this Global B CD shall be 
reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of the B CDs so purchased and cancelled; or 
(b)
if the Final Terms indicate that the new global form is not applicable, details of such 
payment or purchase and cancellation (as the case may be) shall be entered by or on 
behalf of the Issuer in Schedule 2 hereto (such entry being prima facie evidence that the 
payment or, as the case may be, relevant purchase and cancellation in question has been 
made) and the relevant notation in Schedule 2 hereto recording any such payment or, as 
the case may be, purchase and cancellation shall be signed by or on behalf of the Issuer. 
Upon any such purchase and cancellation, the aggregate nominal amount of the B CDs 
represented by this Global B CD shall be reduced by the aggregate nominal amount of 
the B CDs so purchased and cancelled. 
14.
This Global B CD shall not be validly issued unless manually authenticated by Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch as Agent, and if the Final Terms indicate that the new global form is 
applicable and/or if it is delivered by Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as Agent to the entity 
appointed as common safekeeper for the Relevant Clearing System(s) (the "Common 
Safekeeper") by electronic means, effectuated by the Common Safekeeper. 
15.
Except as other stated in this Global B CD, this Global B CD is subject to the Terms and 
Conditions of the B CDs set forth in the base prospectus dated on or around 7 March 2023 and, 
until this Global B CD is exchanged for duly executed and authenticated B CDs in definitive 
form as provided herein, the holder of this Global B CD shall be entitled to the same benefits as 
if it were the holder of B CDs in definitive form for which it may be exchanged and as if such 
B CDs in definitive form had been issued on the Issue Date specified in the Final Terms. 
16.
This Global B CD and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
17.
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with this Global B CD (including a dispute regarding the existence, validity or 
termination of this Global B CD). The parties to this Global B CD agree that the English courts 
are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any such dispute and accordingly no 
such party will argue to the contrary.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
18.
No person shall have any right to enforce any provision of this Global B CD under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
AUTHENTICATED as Issuing  
and Paying Agent by  
DEUTSCHE BANK AG,  
LONDON BRANCH 
without recourse, warranty or liability and for 
authentication purposes only
Signed on behalf of: 
GOLDMAN 
SACHS 
INTERNATIONAL 
BANK 
By: ________________________________ 
(Authorised Signatory)
By: ________________________________ 
(Authorised Signatory)
[EFFECTUATED by or on behalf of the Common 
Safekeeper] 
[COMMON SAFEKEEPER] 
as Common Safekeeper
By: ________________________________ 
(Authorised Signatory) 
[For the purposes of effectuation only]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
SCHEDULE 1 
FIXED RATE INTEREST PAYMENTS 
Date Made 
Payment From 
Payment To 
Amount Paid 
Notation on 
behalf of Paying 
Agent 
FLOATING RATE INTEREST PAYMENTS 
(First two columns to be completed at time of issue.) 
Period From 
To 
Date of 
Payment 
Interest Rate 
per annum 
Amount of 
Interest 
Notation on 
behalf of 
Paying Agent

--- Page 120 ---
120 
SCHEDULE 2 
PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF THIS GLOBAL B CD 
Reductions in the principal amount of this Global B CD following redemption or the purchase and 
cancellation or the exercise of a Non-Extension Option of B CDs are entered in the second and third 
columns below: 
Date 
Reason for the 
reduction in the 
principal amount of 
this Global B CD2
Amount of such 
reduction 
Principal 
amount of this 
Global B CD 
following such 
reduction 
Notation on 
behalf of Paying 
Agent 
2
State whether reduction following (1) redemption of CDs (2) purchase and cancellation of CDs or (3) valid exercise of a Non-Extension 
Option

--- Page 121 ---
121 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Save for the approval of this Base Prospectus as a Base Prospectus for the purpose of Article 8 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation by the CSSF, no action has been or will be taken by the Issuer that would permit 
a public offering of the CDs or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to the CDs 
in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. No offers or sales of any CDs, or distribution 
of any offering material relating to the CDs, may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in 
circumstances, which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and will not 
impose any obligation on the Issuer. 
The United States of America 
The CDs have not been nor will be registered under the Securities Act and the CDs may not be offered 
or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has offered and sold, and will offer and sell, CDs only outside the United States to non-US 
persons in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any person 
acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the 
CDs and that it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of 
Regulation S. Each Dealer has also each agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of CDs, it will 
have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling commission, fee or other remuneration 
that purchases CDs from it a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, 
as amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, US persons. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act." 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.  
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any CDs which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended or superseded, "MiFID II"); or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, 
the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or 
superseded, the "EU Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the CDs to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the CDs. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of the CDs in any member state of 
the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under the EU Prospectus Regulation 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the CDs. Accordingly, any person making or 
intending to make an offer in any such member state of the CDs which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those CDs 
may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a

--- Page 122 ---
122 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer 
nor the Dealers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of CDs in circumstances 
in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or the Dealers to publish a prospectus for such offer. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any CDs which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") and the regulations made under the EUWA; or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and 
the regulations made under the EUWA; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue the EUWA and the regulations made 
under the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); and 
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the CDs to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the CDs. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of the CDs in the United Kingdom 
will be made pursuant to an exemption under the UK Prospectus Regulation from the requirement to 
publish a prospectus for offers of the CDs. Accordingly, any person making or intending to make an 
offer in the United Kingdom of the CDs which are the subject of the offering contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those CDs may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant 
to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor the Dealers have authorised, nor 
do they authorise, the making of any offer of CDs in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the 
Issuer or the Dealers to publish a prospectus for such offer. 
The United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a)
in relation to any CDs which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not 
offer or sell any CDs other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the 
CDs would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the

--- Page 123 ---
123 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
CDs in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to such CDs in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make a public offer of CDs to private 
clients in Switzerland. The Issuer has not authorised and does not authorise any offer of CDs which 
would require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 35 of the Swiss Federal 
Financial Services Act ("FinSA") in respect of such offer. For the purposes of this provision, the 
expression "public offer" refers to the respective definitions in article 3 lit. g and h FinSA and as further 
detailed in the implementing Financial Services Ordinance ("FinSO").

--- Page 124 ---
124 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Corporate Authorisation  
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of the CDs has been authorised pursuant to a resolution 
of the board of directors of the Issuer dated 25 February 2014.  
Clearing Systems 
The CDs have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
common code and the ISIN for each Series of CDs will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard Du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, 
Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, S.A. 42 Avenue J. F. 
Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg. 
Documents on Display 
The following documents may be inspected on the website set out next to their description below: 
(a)
the Articles of Association and other relevant constitutional documents of the Issuer at 
https://beta.companieshouse.gov.uk/company/01122503; 
(b)
the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the period ended 31 December 2020 and for 
the year ended 31 December 2021 together with the notes thereto and the auditors' report thereof 
at the following links respectively: 
(i)
https://www.goldmansachs.com/investor-relations/financials/current/subsidiary-
financial-info/gsib/gsib-12-31-2020-financial-statements.pdf; and 
(ii)
https://www.goldmansachs.com/investor-relations/financials/subsidiary-financial-
info/gsib/2021/gsib-12-31-2021-financial-statements.pdf; 
(c)
the Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto at www.luxse.com; 
(d)
any Final Terms relating to the CDs which are listed on any stock exchange at www.luxse.com; 
and 
(e)
all other reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert 
at the Issuer’s request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus at 
https://www.goldmansachs.com/investor-relations/index.html. 
A copy of this Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto will be available for inspection for a period 
of 
10 
years 
following 
the 
date 
of 
this 
Base 
Prospectus 
at 
https://www.luxse.com/issuer/GoldmaSachIntBk/71091 .  
Any information on the Issuer's website does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the competent authority unless incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer 
The LEI of the Issuer is N9FYJ29MC81JI74MJE92. 
Listing and Admission to Trading  
If indicated in the applicable Final Terms, application has been made to list the CDs issued under this 
Base Prospectus on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes 
of MiFID II.  
As long as any CDs are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the Issuer will maintain a paying

--- Page 125 ---
125 
agent in Luxembourg. The paying agent and listing agent in Luxembourg is Banque Internationale à 
Luxembourg, société anonyme. 
No Material Adverse or Significant Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021.  
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 
31 December 2021. 
In the foregoing statements required by the EU Prospectus Regulation, references to the "prospects" and 
"financial position or financial performance" of the Issuer, are specifically to the ability of the Issuer to 
meet its full payment obligations under the CDs in a timely manner.  Material information about the 
Issuer's financial condition and prospects are included in the audited financial statements of the Issuer 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the period ended 31 December 2020, which are incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
Yield 
In relation to any series of fixed rate CDs, an indication of yield in respect of such CDs will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated as the issue date of the CDs on the basis of the 
relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the issue date of 
the CDs and will not be an indication of future yield.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
Goldman Sachs International Bank 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
Issuing and Paying Agent 
Deustche Bank AG, London Branch 
1 Great Winchester St 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom
Dealers 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Messe-Turm 
Friedrich-Ebert-Anlage 49 
60308 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany  
LEGAL ADVISER TO THE ISSUER 
Ashurst LLP 
London Fruit & Wool Exchange 
1 Duval Square 
London E1 6PW 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
Independent Auditors of the Issuer 
In respect of the period ended 30 December 2020: 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
1 Embankment Place 
London WC2N 6RH 
United Kingdom 
In respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2021: 
Mazars LLP 
Tower Bridge House 
St Katharine's Dock 
London E1W 1DD 
United Kingdom 
Printed by Ashurst LLP 
360455152