--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
Base prospectus dated 24 July 2023 
 
 
Gold Bullion Securities Limited 
(Incorporated and registered in Jersey under 
the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended) with registered number 87322) 
LEI: 213800EE1LGIXW16QB30 
Programme for the Issue 
of up to 1,000,000,000 Gold Bullion Securities 
What is this document? 
This document (the “Prospectus”) is issued in respect of the programme for the issue of Gold Bullion 
Securities (the “Gold Bullion Securities”) by Gold Bullion Securities Limited (the “Company”). 
This Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus and has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the 
"Central Bank") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) (the “Prospectus Regulation”) The Central Bank only 
approves this base prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Company or the quality of the Gold Bullion Securities that are the subject of this base 
prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Gold Bullion 
Securities. 
Furthermore, such approval relates only to the Gold Bullion Securities which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market for the purpose of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on the Markets in Financial Instruments, as amended, (“MiFID II”) 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. 
This Prospectus has also been approved as a base prospectus by the Financial Conduct Authority ("FCA") 
as competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). The FCA only approves 
this base prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part of UK law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). Such approval by the FCA 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Company or the quality of the Gold Bullion Securities 
that are the subject of this base prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Gold Bullion Securities. 
Investors should be aware that the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation apply 
where Gold Bullion Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within the 
United Kingdom and/or an offer of Gold Bullion Securities is made to the public (within the meaning provided 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation Rules) in the United Kingdom.  The Prospectus Regulation 
applies where Gold Bullion Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID 
II and/or an offer of Gold Bullion Securities is made to the to the public (within the meaning provided for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) in one or more Member States of the European Economic Area. 
Accordingly Investors should be aware that they will only have the rights afforded by the Prospectus

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Regulation Rules and the UK Prospectus Regulation if those provisions apply and will only have the rights 
afforded by the Prospectus Regulation if the Prospectus Regulation applies. 
It is important that an investor carefully reads, considers and understands this Prospectus before making 
any investment in Gold Bullion Securities. 
This Prospectus is valid for one year and may be supplemented or replaced from time to time to reflect any 
significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in it. The obligation 
to supplement a prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies does not apply when a prospectus is no longer valid. 
Terms used in this Prospectus have the meanings given to them under the heading “Definitions”. 
What securities are being issued pursuant to this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus relates to the issue of Gold Bullion Securities which are undated debt securities of the 
Company. Gold Bullion Securities are designed to track the price of gold and to provide investors with a 
return equivalent to movements in the spot price of gold less the applicable fees. 
An investment in Gold Bullion Securities involves a significant degree of risk and investors may 
lose some or all of their investment. It should be remembered that the value of Gold Bullion 
Securities can go down as well as up. 
What is in this Prospectus? 
This Prospectus is intended to provide a prospective investor with the necessary information relating to the 
Company and the Gold Bullion Securities required to enable them to make an informed assessment of (i) 
the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Company; and (ii) the 
rights attaching to the Gold Bullion Securities. 
The rights attaching to the Gold Bullion Securities are contained in the Conditions under the heading “Trust 
Instrument” in Part 6 (Description of the Documents) and are completed by the Final Terms specific to a 
particular issue of Gold Bullion Securities which will be published and delivered to the Central Bank and the 
FCA before such Gold Bullion Securities are issued. 
Also set out in this Prospectus are details of the structure of the Programme, the key parties to the 
Programme, the terms of any material contracts of the Company, details of the tax treatment of a holding 
of Gold Bullion Securities in certain jurisdictions and details of the risk factors relating to an investment in 
Gold Bullion Securities. 
Worked examples of how an investor can determine the value of their investment are set out in Part 2 (How 
does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?) 
The language of this Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
The Final Terms set out information specific to the Gold Bullion Securities to which they relate, including the 
number of Gold Bullion Securities to be issued and the issue price applicable to the Gold Bullion Securities 
to be issued. 
What other information should a prospective investor consider? 
Certain of the information in this Prospectus is incorporated by reference. This means that it is not set out 
in the document but instead has been made publicly available elsewhere for reference by investors and 
prospective investors. 
Prospective investors should ensure that they review the Prospectus (including any information that has 
been incorporated by reference) and the Final Terms. 
A copy of this Prospectus (including any information that has been incorporated by reference) and any Final 
Terms issued are available at www.wisdomtree.eu.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
Programme for the Issue of  
Gold Bullion Securities  
Important Information 
 
Approvals 
A copy of the Prospectus, which comprises a base prospectus relating to the Gold Bullion Securities for the 
purposes of Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation as in force at the date hereof, has been made available 
to the public in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation. The Prospectus has also been 
filed with the FCA pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation, as amended at the date hereof and has been 
made available to the public in the United Kingdom for the purpose of that Regulation.  
Gold Bullion Securities will be available to be issued on a continuous basis during the period of 12 months 
from the date of the Prospectus. A prospective investor should be aware that compensation will not be 
available under the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme.  
This prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the Jersey Financial Services Commission, in 
accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds – Prospectuses) (Jersey) Order 2012. 
The Company has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as 
amended (the “CIF Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to the Gold Bullion Securities. The 
Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the CIF Law against liability arising from the discharge 
of its functions thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and the Registrar is registered under the Financial 
Services (Jersey) Law, 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its 
functions in relation to the Gold Bullion Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by 
the Financial Services Law against liability arising from the discharge of its functions thereunder. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of 
the Company or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
The Gold Bullion Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933 (the “Securities Act”), as amended, or under the securities laws of any states of the United States. 
Except in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable United 
States securities laws, the Gold Bullion Securities may not be directly or indirectly offered, sold, taken up, 
delivered or transferred in or into the United States. 
 
Listing and Trading 
Application will be made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) 
for all Gold Bullion Securities issued during the period of 12 months from the date of this prospectus to be 
admitted to its Official List (the “Official List”) and trading on its regulated market. The admission to trading 
on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors should be aware there is no trading facility for the Gold 
Bullion Securities there. The Central Bank approval of the programme relates only to the Gold Bullion 
Securities which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin or other regulated 
markets for the purposes of MiFID II or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area. 
Application has also been made to the FCA for all Gold Bullion Securities issued within 12 months of the 
date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List, and to the London Stock Exchange for Gold 
Bullion Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. 
Admission to the UK Official List and to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are not 
offers made under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and 
admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The Gold Bullion Securities are also listed or traded on certain other markets – see “Passporting and Listing” 
in Part 5 (The Programme).

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
Please note that references to the defined term ‘Listing’ throughout this Prospectus refer to the admission 
of the Gold Bullion Securities to the UK Official List and to trading on the London Stock Exchange and do 
not refer to admission to trading on other exchanges where such securities may be listed. 
 
Responsibility and No Investment Advice 
The Company accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Company, the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and this Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Nothing in this document or anything communicated to holders or potential holders of the Gold 
Bullion Securities or other obligations by the Company is intended to constitute or should be 
construed as advice on the merits of the purchase of or subscription for the Gold Bullion Securities 
or the exercise of any rights attached thereto for the purposes of the Jersey Financial Services Law 
1988. 
 
Investors to Make Their Own Assessment 
Prospective Security Holders should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Gold 
Bullion Securities. 
Prospective Security Holders may wish to obtain their own independent accounting, tax and legal advice and 
may wish to consult their own professional investment advisers to ascertain the suitability of Gold Bullion 
Securities as an investment. Prospective Security Holders may wish to conduct such independent 
investigation and analysis regarding the risks, security arrangements, delivery processes and cash-flows 
associated with Gold Bullion Securities as they deem appropriate, in order to evaluate the merits and risks 
of an investment in Gold Bullion Securities. 
 
Supplementary Prospectus 
If at any time the Company shall be required to prepare a supplementary prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation and/or to section 87G of FSMA, the Company will either prepare and make 
available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this document which shall constitute a supplementary 
prospectus as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or section 87G of FSMA or prepare 
and make available a further base prospectus in compliance with Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and/or the Prospectus Regulation Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
This table sets out the contents of this Prospectus together with an outline description of the contents of each 
section and is intended as a guide to help a prospective investor to navigate their way around this 
Prospectus. 
Each section should be carefully considered by a prospective investor before deciding whether to invest in 
Gold Bullion Securities. 
Section of Prospectus 
Page 
What is covered by this section 
Risk Factors 
9 
This section sets out the material risks known 
to the Company associated with an investment 
in Gold Bullion Securities and should be 
carefully considered by a prospective investor. 
 
Frequently Asked Questions 
14 
This section addresses a list of frequently 
asked questions about the Gold Bullion 
Securities. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
18 
This 
section 
details 
the 
documents 
incorporated into this Prospectus by reference 
and details where copies of these documents 
can be found. These documents are part of this 
Prospectus and should be carefully considered 
by a potential investor. 
Part 1 
Information on the Company, 
ManJer and Gold Bullion Securities 
19 
This section provides a description of the Gold 
Bullion Securities and the role of the different 
parties in the structure of the offering. 
Part 2 
How does a Security Holder 
determine the value of their 
investment? 
26 
This section sets out how an investor can work 
out the value of their investment and provides 
the relevant formulae and worked examples. 
Part 3 
Gold Market Overview 
28 
This section provides an overview of the gold 
market to help an investor decide whether an 
investment 
in 
a 
product 
which 
tracks 
movements in the spot price of gold is 
appropriate for them. 
Part 4 
Description of the Gold Bullion 
Securities 
31 
This section provides a description of the Gold 
Bullion Securities as well as details of the rights 
attached to the Gold Bullion Securities, how the 
Combined Entitlement to Gold is calculated and 
details of how Gold Bullion Securities can be 
redeemed.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
Part 5 
The Programme 
35 
This section contains information relating to 
some, but not all, of the local regulations 
applicable to Gold Bullion Securities including 
details on where this Prospectus has been 
passported to allow the public offer of the Gold 
Bullion Securities to take place. 
Part 6 
Description of the Documents 
40 
This section provides summaries of the 
principal documents related to the offering. In 
particular, it gives a summary of the Trust 
Instrument, which is the main constitutive 
document of the Gold Bullion Securities and 
which sets out the details of the approval of the 
issue of the Gold Bullion Securities. It includes 
an extract from the Trust Instrument under the 
heading “Conditions of Gold Bullion Securities” 
which sets out the terms and conditions which 
apply to the Gold Bullion Securities. This extract 
is drafted in legal language as it is taken directly 
from the Trust Instrument but information on 
how the terms and conditions apply to Security 
Holders 
is 
contained 
throughout 
this 
Prospectus, including in Part 4. It also includes 
a summary of the terms of the rights granted by 
the Security Deed and when these rights 
become enforceable as well as a summary of 
the terms of the Custodian Agreements, 
pursuant to which the Custodian provides 
custody of the gold which underlies the Gold 
Bullion Securities. 
Part 7 
Taxation 
56 
This section sets out the tax treatment of 
holding Gold Bullion Securities in the UK, Ireland 
and Jersey. 
Part 8 
General Information 
63 
This section sets out further information on the 
Company which the Company believes a 
potential investor will want to be aware of or 
which the Company is required to include under 
applicable rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
Definitions 
70 
This section sets out the definitions that apply 
throughout this Prospectus. 
Directors, Secretary and Advisers 
81 
This section sets out the names and addresses 
of the entities which provide services and legal 
advice to the Company. 
Annex 
1 
Form of Final Terms 
84 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms 
which the Company will publish when it has 
issued Gold Bullion Securities to a securities 
house or other market professional approved by 
the Company which has entered into an 
agreement with the Company in relation to the 
Gold Bullion Securities. This details the number 
of Gold Bullion Securities and relevant 
information applicable to the issue and when 
completed will also include an issue specific 
summary which is taken from the summary set 
out at the front of this document and adjusted 
to be relevant only to the Gold Bullion Securities 
issued under the Final Terms. Each time that 
Gold Bullion Securities are issued by the 
Company, a Final Terms document is prepared 
by the Company and submitted to the Central 
Bank and notified to the competent authority in 
each European jurisdiction into which the 
product is passported. The Final Terms 
document is also submitted to the FCA. 
Completed 
Final 
Terms 
documents 
are 
available on the website of the Company at 
www.wisdomtree.eu. 
Annex 
2 
Form of Final Terms – 
Public Offers 
87 
This section sets out the form of Final Terms 
which the Company will publish if it issues any 
Gold Bullion Securities to the public pursuant 
to a public offer rather than to a securities 
house or other market professional (as set out 
in Annex 3). This details the number of Gold 
Bullion Securities and relevant information 
applicable to the issue and when completed will 
also include an issue specific summary which 
is taken from the summary set out at the front of 
this document and adjusted to be relevant only 
to the Gold Bullion Securities issued under the

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
Final Terms. Each time that Gold Bullion 
Securities are issued by the Company, a Final 
Terms document is prepared by the Company 
and submitted to the Central Bank and notified 
to the competent authority in each European 
jurisdiction 
into 
which 
the 
product 
is 
passported. The Final Terms document is also 
submitted to the FCA. Completed Final Terms 
documents are available on the website of the 
Company at www.wisdomtree.eu.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
RISK FACTORS  
 
An investment in Gold Bullion Securities involves a significant degree of risk.  
The Company believes that the factors relating to the Company, its industry and the Gold Bullion Securities 
set out below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Gold Bullion Securities. All of these risk 
factors are risks which may or may not occur. 
A Security Holder may lose the value of their entire investment or part of their investment in Gold Bullion 
Securities. 
A Security Holder may lose some or the entire value of their investment in Gold Bullion Securities for other 
reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Company based on information currently 
available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.  
Gold Bullion Security Risk Factors 
General 
Gold Price 
The value of a Gold Bullion Security is intended to be directly related to the value of an equivalent investment 
on Gold Bullion. The gold price fluctuates widely and is affected by numerous factors beyond the Company’s 
control, including: 
• 
Global or regional political, economic or financial events and situations; 
• 
Investors’ expectations with respect to the future rates of inflation and movements in world equity, 
financial and property markets; 
• 
Global gold supply and demand, which is influenced by such factors as mine production and net 
forward selling activities by gold producers, central bank purchases and sales, jewellery demand and 
the supply of recycled jewellery, net investment demand and industrial demand, net of recycling; 
• 
Interest rates and currency exchange rates, particularly the strength of and confidence in the US 
dollar; and 
• 
Investment and trading activities of hedge funds, commodity funds and other speculators. 
 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and therefore the market price of Gold Bullion 
Securities and investors should be aware that Gold Bullion Securities can go down in price as well as up. 
Investors should be aware that by investing in Gold Bullion Securities their initial investment may be lost in 
whole or in part. 
Capital Controls and Sanctions Risk 
Economic conditions, political events, military action and other conditions may, without prior warning, lead 
to government intervention (including intervention by the government of an investor’s country of residence 
with respect to other governments, economic sectors, foreign companies and related securities and 
interests) and the imposition of capital controls and/or sanctions, which may also include retaliatory actions 
of one government against another government, such as the freezing or seizure of assets. Capital controls 
and/or sanctions include the prohibition of, or restrictions on, the ability to own or transfer currency, 
securities or other assets, which may potentially include securities related thereto. Capital controls and/or 
sanctions may also impact the Good Delivery Standards of gold bars. Certain refiners might be excluded 
from Good Delivery by the LBMA.  
On 7 March 2022 and in response to sanctions imposed on Russia by the United Kingdom, United States 
and European Union as a result of the Russia / Ukraine conflict, the LBMA suspended six Russian gold 
refiners (the “Russian Refiners”) from the Good Delivery List (the “Suspension”). As a result of the

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
Suspension, gold bars produced after 7 March 2022 by the Russian Refiners will not be considered Good 
Delivery unless and until the LBMA further amends its Good Delivery Rules.  In line with the LBMA’s Good 
Delivery Rules, gold bars received from the Russian Refiners prior to 7 March 2022 still fall within the Good 
Delivery Rules and can be traded within the London Good Delivery system. Prior to the Suspension, the 
Company received gold bars from two Russian Refineries; in line with the Good Delivery Rules, these gold 
bars meet the Good Delivery Rules and constitute Good Delivery. The Company will only accept gold bars 
which constitute Good Delivery and meet the Good Delivery Rules set by the LBMA. Therefore, as a result 
of the Suspension, the Company will not accept gold bars that the Russian Refineries produce after 7 March 
2022 unless and until there is an amendment to the Good Delivery Rules. 
This may impact the price and liquidity of existing and newly sourced Good Delivery gold bars and hence 
may adversely affect the trading market and price for Gold Bullion Securities and may cause the value of 
Gold Bullion Securities to decline or increase in value. 
Tracking Error and Liquidity Risk 
At any time, the price at which the Gold Bullion Securities trade on the London Stock Exchange or on any 
other exchange to which they may be admitted from time to time may not reflect accurately the price of gold 
represented by such Gold Bullion Securities. The creation and redemption procedures for Gold Bullion 
Securities and the role of certain Approved Applicants as market-makers are intended to minimise this 
potential difference (or “tracking error”). However, this risk cannot be fully eliminated since the market price 
will be a function of supply and demand amongst investors wishing to buy and sell Gold Bullion Securities and 
the bid-offer spread that market-makers are willing to quote for Gold Bullion Securities. In addition, if new 
demand for Gold Bullion Securities exceeds the availability of the gold required to create such new Gold 
Bullion Securities, then the issue of new Gold Bullion Securities will be restricted and therefore Gold Bullion 
Securities may trade at a premium. Investors who pay a premium risk losing the premium if demand for 
Gold Bullion Securities abates or when new Gold Bullion Securities are issued. Investors are dependent on 
there being Approved Applicants making a market in Gold Bullion Securities in order to minimise tracking 
error and to provide investors with liquidity. 
There can be no assurance as to the depth of the secondary market and this may affect their liquidity and 
market price. 
Gold Bullion Dealing Risks of the Company 
For any redemptions in cash, the Company, when selling gold or exchanging currencies pursuant to a Gold 
Sale Counterparty Agreement, will be relying on the credit of the Approved Counterparty to that transaction. 
If any Approved Counterparty fails to settle such trade, the Company’s obligation to pay the gross proceeds 
of sale received from the sale of gold for such gold (or currency exchange) (less any Sale Costs which may 
be set-off in accordance with Condition 2.2(c)) shall be reduced by the amount of the deficiency in payment 
received from the Approved Counterparty, provided, however, that the Company shall be obliged to ensure 
that the amount paid to the Receipts Account or the account of the relevant Security Holder, as the case 
may be, in respect of any such redemption by a Security Holder shall not be less than US$0.01. These 
dealing risks could be higher if the Company is unable to conclude an agreement for the sale of gold through 
an Approved Counterparty and the Security Holder fails to either withdraw its Redemption Notice or elect 
for redemption in gold. 
Early Redemption of Gold Bullion Securities 
The Company may, at any time, upon 30 days’ notice to the Security Holders redeem all of the Gold Bullion 
Securities. Thus, an investment in the Gold Bullion Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a 
Security Holder. In addition, in such circumstances, the Company is entitled to specify whether such 
redemption will be by way of the Gold Delivery Method or the Gold Sale Method. Consequently, an 
investment in Gold Bullion Securities may be redeemed earlier than desired by a Security Holder and if the 
value of the Gold Bullion Securities at such time is less than at the time of purchase of those Gold Bullion 
Securities by a Security Holder this could lead to a loss for the Security Holder. 
Custody Arrangements 
Custody and Insurance

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
All Secured Gold will be held by the Custodian in its vaults in London or in the vaults of a sub-custodian 
appointed by the Custodian or by a delegate of a sub-custodian. Access to such gold could be restricted by 
natural events, such as an earthquake, or human actions, such as a terrorist attack. 
The Custodian may make such insurance arrangements in connection with its custodial obligations with 
respect to Secured Gold in allocated form as it considers fit. The Custodian has no obligation to insure such 
gold against loss, theft or damage and the Company does not intend to insure against such risks. In addition, 
the Trustee is not responsible for ensuring that adequate insurance arrangements have been made, or for 
insuring the gold held in the Secured Gold Accounts, and shall not be required to make any enquiry regarding 
such matters. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the Secured Gold could be lost, stolen or damaged and the Company would 
not be able to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Gold Bullion Securities. 
Although the Custodian has offered the Company attractive rates for its services, the Custodian is entitled to 
terminate the Custodian Agreements upon 90 days’ written notice (see Section 10 (Termination) of 
“Custodian Agreements” in Part 6 (Description of the Documents)). 
The London office of the Custodian is regulated by the FCA, the United Kingdom’s financial services 
regulator, but the custodial services offered by the Custodian and any sub-custodian are presently not a 
regulated investment activity subject to the supervision and rules of the FCA (but are subject to the NIPS Code 
maintained by the Bank of England). 
Further details regarding the custody of Secured Gold are set out in Part 4 (Description of the Gold Bullion 
Securities). 
Gold Bullion Price Risks 
Regulatory activity or lawsuits with respect to the historical methods of setting the price of gold, which was 
used prior to the adoption of the LBMA PM Gold Price in March 2015, may impact market confidence in the 
LBMA PM Gold Price 
The historical methods of setting the price of gold have been the subject of litigation and regulatory 
investigations which remain pending. Within the last two years, electronic auction methodologies have 
replaced the historical non-electronic auction methods of setting the price of gold. However, if there is a 
perception that the price setting mechanism for gold is susceptible to intentional disruption, or if the LBMA PM 
Gold Price is not received with confidence by the markets, the behavior of investors and traders in gold may 
reflect the lack of confidence and it may have an effect on the price of gold as reflected by the LBMA PM 
Gold Price (and, consequently, the value of the Gold Bullion Securities or their correlation with the price of 
gold). 
The Fixing Price may prove unreliable 
Whilst Gold Bullion Securities are created and redeemed by the Company at the Per Security Entitlement to 
Gold, it is also possible to calculate what the cash value of the Gold Bullion Securities in US Dollars was on 
a particular day using the Fixing Price in respect of that day. Due to the replacement of the gold fixing 
methodology during 2015, the Fixing Price for gold has a limited operating history and Security Holders 
using the Fixing Price as a way of valuing their Gold Bullion Securities may find that the Fixing Price may 
among other things: 
• 
not behave over time like the previous gold fix has historically; 
• 
be based on procedures and subject to regulation and oversight significantly different from those 
applicable to the previous gold fix; 
• 
not be as widely accepted as the previous gold fix; or 
• 
otherwise prove unreliable. 
If the Fixing Price proves unreliable, Security Holders using the Fixing Price to calculate the cash value of 
their Gold Bullion Securities may find that the cash value is negatively impacted. 
Service Provider Risks 
Trustee Expenses

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
To the extent that the Trustee’s fees and expenses are not met by the Company, the Trustee may enforce the 
Security and recover any such outstanding fees and expenses from the Secured Property. If the Trustee 
enforces the Security on behalf of any Security Holder at a time when any fees or expenses due to the Trustee 
(or any Appointee or Receiver, each as defined in the Trust Instrument) have not been paid, such fees and 
expenses shall be payable from the enforcement of the Secured Property in priority to any claims of the 
Security Holders. 
 
Other Legal Risks 
Credit Exposure to Custodians on Secured Gold held in Secured Unallocated Accounts 
Secured Gold may be held in the Secured Unallocated Accounts. Secured Gold held in the Secured 
Unallocated Accounts does not give proprietary rights to specific bars of gold but instead gives an unsecured 
claim against the Custodian for the amount of such gold held in those accounts and is not segregated from 
the assets of the Custodian. As a result, in the event of the insolvency of the Custodian it may not be possible 
to recover any or the full amount of any Secured Gold held in the Secured Unallocated Accounts which may 
mean that the Company is unable to meets its Redemption Obligations in respect of the Gold Bullion 
Securities. In these circumstances a Security Holder may suffer a loss as they will not be able to realise the 
full value of their Gold Bullion Securities. 
Limited Pool of Assets and Counterparty Risk 
The Company is a special purpose company established for the purpose of issuing the Gold Bullion 
Securities as asset backed securities and has no assets other than any it holds to back the Gold Bullion 
Securities. For any redemptions in cash, the Company will be relying on the credit of the counterparty to 
whom the gold is sold. Consequently, if any counterparty fails to settle such trade, the Company’s obligation to 
pay will be reduced by the amount of the deficiency in payment received from the counterparty which would 
result in a corresponding loss to investors. 
Limited Enforcement Rights 
The Trustee will only enforce the Security on behalf of a Security Holder if it is directed to do so: 
(a) by a Security Holder to whom a Defaulted Obligation is owed; or 
(b) if an insolvency event in relation to the Company (including but not limited to the insolvency, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Company or the appointment of a receiver or liquidator in relation to 
it or substantially the whole of its assets) has occurred and is continuing, by (i) Security Holders 
holding not less than 25 per cent. of the face value of the Gold Bullion Securities then outstanding or 
(ii) an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Instrument), 
in each case provided that the Trustee is indemnified to its satisfaction. In circumstances where the Trustee 
is not obliged to enforce the Security, a Security Holder will have no right to proceed directly against the 
Company and may therefore not be able to realise the value of their investment. 
Administration and Winding-Up Proceedings in England 
Under section 426 of the Insolvency Act 1986, the English Courts may, if requested by a Court in a “relevant 
country or territory” (including Jersey), make an administration or winding-up order in respect of a foreign 
company, such as the Company. 
Furthermore, under the European Insolvency Regulations (No.1346/2000) (“EIR”) main insolvency 
proceedings (including administration and liquidation) can be opened if the centre of main interests of the 
Company is considered to be in England, or winding-up proceedings (liquidation) may be opened if the 
Company has an establishment (as defined in the EIR) in England. 
If the Company were placed in administration in England, the effect would be that during the period of 
administration, the affairs, business and property of the Company would be managed by a person known as 
an administrator and this could affect the ability of a Security Holder to redeem their Gold Bullion Securities 
at a time of their choosing, which could mean a delay in the return of the underlying assets to Security 
Holders and a loss if the value of the underlying asset has reduced in the intervening period. 
During the period beginning with making an application for an administration order and ending with the 
making of such an order or the dismissal of the application, no steps could be taken to enforce the Security 
except with the leave of the court and subject to such terms as the court may impose.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
In the case of administration, while the Company remained in administration no steps could be taken to 
enforce the Security, except with the consent of the administrator or the leave of the Court and subject to 
such terms as the Court might impose. It is also open to the administrator to apply to the court to sell property 
subject to the Security. The administrator must however account to the Trustee and the Security Holders for 
the proceeds of sale. 
Under the Cross-Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 a foreign insolvency representative, in this case the 
insolvency representative of the Company in Jersey, may apply to the English Courts, inter alia, to 
commence insolvency proceedings under English law (which could include administration) or to have the 
English Courts recognise a foreign insolvency proceeding, or to have the English Courts grant a stay of any 
enforcement of any security. If any such application were made, it could affect the ability of the Trustee to 
enforce the Security. If the Company were placed in liquidation in England, the Security could be enforced 
by the Trustee on behalf of the Security Holders.  
Regulatory Risk 
The Company may be required by the rules of an exchange (other than the London Stock Exchange) to which 
the Gold Bullion Securities are admitted to trading to have a minimum number of market-makers. If a market-
maker ceases to act as market-maker and a replacement cannot be found and as a result the Company 
cannot meet the minimum requirement, the relevant exchange may require the Gold Bullion Securities to 
cease trading which may make it harder for a Security Holder to sell their Gold Bullion Securities at a time 
of their choosing and which could lead to a loss to a Security Holder if, when they are subsequently able to sell 
their Gold Bullion Securities, the value of those Gold Bullion Securities has dropped below the value of the Gold 
Bullion Securities when the Security Holder initially sought to sell them.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which a prospective investor may have when 
considering an investment in Gold Bullion Securities. It is not intended to be a summary of or a complete 
description of the information contained in this Prospectus and an investment in Gold Bullion Securities 
should only be made after careful consideration of this Prospectus. 
What are Gold Bullion Securities? 
Gold Bullion Securities are secured, undated debt securities issued by Gold Bullion Securities Limited, a 
Jersey company established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of issuing the Gold Bullion 
Securities. The Gold Bullion Securities offer investors a means of investing in physical gold bars without the 
necessity of taking delivery of the physical gold, and enable investors to buy and sell that interest through 
the trading of a security on a stock exchange. 
How does the product give exposure to physical gold? 
The Gold Bullion Securities are backed by physical gold bars held in secure vaults at the Custodian, or in 
the vaults of any sub-custodian, or by a delegate of a sub-custodian. Upon redemption of a Gold Bullion 
Security directly with the Company, a Security Holder will generally be entitled to receive an amount of gold 
equivalent to the Combined Entitlement to Gold of the Gold Bullion Securities being redeemed. 
How is the product physically backed? 
The Gold Bullion Securities are backed by physical gold held in the Secured Gold Accounts in the name of 
the Trustee. To ensure its quality, the gold held to back the Gold Bullion Securities meets the “Good Delivery” 
standards set by the LBMA. 
How is the gold stored? 
All gold that is in a Secured Gold Account is held by the Custodian at its London vault premises or (solely for 
the temporary custody of gold until transported to the Custodian’s London vault premises, unless otherwise 
agreed with the Trustee) in the vaults of a sub-custodian, in each case in the name of the Trustee. Gold is 
held in both allocated accounts and unallocated accounts. Further explanation of what is meant by the terms 
allocated and unallocated accounts can be found under the headings “The London Bullion Market – Allocated 
Accounts” and “The London Bullion Market – Unallocated Accounts” in Part 3 (Gold Market Overview) and 
an explanation of how this applies to the Gold Bullion Securities can be found under the heading 
“Introduction” in Part 1 (Information on the Company, ManJer and Gold Bullion Securities). 
What are the Secured Gold Accounts? 
The Secured Gold Accounts are separate segregated accounts maintained by the Custodian in the name of 
the Trustee. The Secured Gold Accounts evidence and record the gold held by the Custodian as well as the 
withdrawals from and the deposits to that account. 
What does it mean to hold gold in an allocated account? 
An allocated account is held with a custodian. Held in the customer’s name, the account evidences that 
uniquely identifiable bars of gold have been “allocated” to the customer and are segregated from other metal 
held in the custodian’s vault. The customer has full title to the gold held in the allocated account. As a result, 
the allocated account should not entail any credit risk exposure to the custodian. 
How does the custodian identify the gold held in the allocated account? 
Gold may be identified by the custodian based on a combination of criteria: (i) the name of the refiner; (ii) 
the serial number; (iii) its year of manufacture; (iv) its weight; and/or (v) its composition and purity (“assay”). 
It is important to recognise that any combination of these may be used to identify an individual gold bar. Two 
entirely different bars may be from the same refiner and have the same serial number but have a different 
weight and/or be from a different year. 
Is it possible to know which bars of gold back the Gold Bullion Securities? 
Yes, the Company publishes a list of the gold bars that are held in allocated accounts on its website at 
www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports under the “Bar Lists” tab. 
What does it mean to hold gold in an unallocated account? 
An unallocated account is also held with a custodian. However, unlike gold held in an allocated account, gold 
in an unallocated account does not entitle the customer to a particular gold bar and the customer’s holding 
is not segregated from that of other customers or the custodian. Instead, the books and records of the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
custodian record that the customer is entitled to a specific amount of gold. As the gold is not segregated, 
the customer has a credit risk exposure to the custodian. Gold in unallocated form is easier to transfer as it 
simply requires an update of the custodian’s books and records rather than movements of physical gold and 
for this reason transfers in connection with creation and redemption of Gold Bullion Securities are carried 
out in unallocated form. Once the level of gold in an unallocated account reaches an amount equal to one 
bar, that bar can be transferred to an allocated account. 
How is the gold at the Custodian audited? 
The gold held at the Custodian to back the Gold Bullion Securities is audited twice a year by an independent 
metal audit firm – Inspectorate International. The first audit takes place at the start of each year in relation 
to the gold held at the end of the previous year and then a second audit is carried out at random during the 
year. The results of these audits are published by the Company at www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-
library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports under the “Vault Inspection Letters” tab. 
What is the London Bullion Market Association (LBMA)? 
The LBMA is a trade association that coordinates wholesale trading for gold. The LBMA maintains and 
publishes “Good Delivery” lists that establish a set of criteria that a refiner and its bullion must satisfy before 
being accepted for trading. For additional information, please see www.lbma.org.uk. 
Is the gold insured? 
The Custodian is required to maintain such insurance over the gold bars stored in its vaults as it believes is 
commercially reasonable. 
Who is the Custodian? 
The Custodian is HSBC Bank plc. 
What is an Approved Counterparty? 
If Gold Bullion Securities are to be redeemed in cash, an Approved Counterparty is a financial institution to 
whom the Company will sell an amount of gold equivalent to the Combined Entitlement to Gold, in order to 
realise sufficient cash proceeds to complete the redemption. 
What is an Approved Applicant? 
Approved Applicants are financial institutions which meet certain eligibility criteria and who have been 
appointed by the Company. Applicants may, but do not have to, act as market makers for the Gold Bullion 
Securities by buying and selling Gold Bullion Securities to and from investors either on exchange or in over 
the counter transactions. 
Who is the Trustee and what does it do? 
The Trustee is The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. and is an independent entity whose role is to act 
as trustee on behalf of Security Holders in accordance with the Trust Instrument and the Security Deed. 
The Trustee holds its rights on behalf of Security Holders (and itself). 
What is the Combined Entitlement to Gold? 
The Combined Entitlement to Gold is the total amount of gold to be sold or delivered in relation to any Gold 
Bullion Securities which are being redeemed. It is determined by multiplying the Per Security Entitlement to 
Gold (an amount in fine troy ounces, reducing daily by the Gold Sales Charge Rate) by the number of Gold 
Bullion Securities being redeemed. 
When will the Gold Sales Charge Rate be calculated and published? 
The Gold Sales Charge Rate is calculated and published on the Company’s website on each Business Day. 
Can an investor deliver or take physical delivery of the underlying physical gold? 
Generally only Approved Applicants can deliver or take delivery of the underlying physical gold, although a 
Security Holder may take delivery of the gold if it specifies in its Redemption Notice an unallocated account 
with a bullion dealer in London which is a member of the LBMA to which such gold is to be transferred. 
How do I buy and sell Gold Bullion Securities? 
Only Approved Applicants may create Gold Bullion Securities directly with the Company, at a subscription price 
equal to the amount of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold on the relevant date. Once an Applicant creates 
Gold Bullion Securities with the Company it can then (i) choose to hold the Gold Bullion Securities itself; (ii) sell

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
those Gold Bullion Securities on one of the stock exchanges on which the Gold Bullion Securities are 
admitted to trading; (iii) sell those Gold Bullion Securities in private off exchange transactions (OTC); or (iv) 
redeem the Gold Bullion Securities directly with the Company. 
Investors other than Applicants can buy and sell Gold Bullion Securities on any of the stock exchanges on 
which they are admitted to trading or in private transactions (OTC) in the same way as they buy other listed 
securities. 
Transactions in Gold Bullion Securities other than those directly with the Company can be done at any point 
during the trading day. Such purchases of Gold Bullion Securities will generally be done at a “bid price” and 
any sales of Gold Bullion Securities will generally be done at an “offer price”. The bid and offer prices of a Gold 
Bullion Security are expected to be close to the cash value of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold at the 
particular time, however, they will not match exactly the cash value of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold 
because bid and offer prices also take account of other market conditions such as market liquidity (supply 
and demand) at the time that the investor is looking to buy or sell their Gold Bullion Securities. 
What is the cash value of a Gold Bullion Security? 
Each Gold Bullion Security has an effective entitlement to physical gold, and that Per Security Entitlement to 
Gold reduces each day to reflect the accrual of the fees payable in respect of that Gold Bullion Security. Whilst 
Approved Applicants create and redeem Gold Bullion Securities directly with the Company in exchange for 
gold, most Security Holders will buy and sell their Gold Bullion Securities on a stock exchange in return for 
cash. The cash value at which the Gold Bullion Securities will trade on exchange is expected to be close to 
the value of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold of the Gold Bullion Securities. The “spot price” of gold is a 
single price which is set up to twice a day and is based on an average of all the buy and sell offers in the 
market for such gold. The spot price is also known as the “fixing” and is published by the LBMA on its 
website at www.lbma.org.uk. 
How do I determine the value of my investment? 
The value of an investment in Gold Bullion Securities will depend on the bid and offer prices quoted by 
market makers at the particular time. As described above, these are expected to be close to the cash value 
of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold at that time. The Per Security Entitlement to Gold varies on each day 
to reflect the Gold Sales Charge according to a formula set out in Part 1 (Information on the Company, 
ManJer and Gold Bullion Securities) under the heading “Gold Sales Charge and Per Security Entitlement 
to Gold”. Further information and examples of how it is calculated are set out in Part 2 (How does a Security 
Holder determine the value of their investment?). 
Can I lose all of my initial investment? 
Yes, an investor may lose some or all of their initial investment by virtue of the movements in the price of 
the underlying gold. 
Can I lose more than my initial investment? 
An investor who buys and hold their Gold Bullion Securities cannot lose more than their initial investment. 
What is the minimum investment? 
One Gold Bullion Security. 
What are the costs of holding the product? 
Investors are charged a Gold Sales Charge in respect of the Gold Bullion Securities. The Per Security 
Entitlement to Gold varies on each day to reflect the Gold Sales Charge according to a formula. Further 
information is set out in Part 1 (Information on the Company, ManJer and Gold Bullion Securities) under the 
heading “Gold Sales Charge and Per Security Entitlement to Gold”. . Further information and examples of 
how it is calculated are set out in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their 
investment?). 
Investors who buy and sell Gold Bullion Securities on exchange or in transactions other than with the 
Company may also be charged additional costs in respect of those transactions. 
Can Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (“UCITS”) invest in the Gold 
Bullion Securities? 
The Gold Bullion Securities have not been specifically designed for investment by UCITS.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
Prospective investors which are UCITS, i.e. which comprise a scheme which is an undertaking for collective 
investment in transferable securities subject to the Council Directive of 20 December 1985 on the 
coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective 
Investment in Transferable Securities (No 85/611/EEC) (the “UCITS Directive”), as amended, or are UCTIS 
Schemes need to satisfy themselves that an investment in the Gold Bullion Securities would comply with 
any regulations and/or guidelines applicable to them pursuant to the UCITS Directive and any laws, 
regulations or guidelines of their jurisdiction of incorporation and would be in line with their individual 
investment objectives. Failure to comply with such restrictions may cause a UCITS or a UCITS Scheme 
which is a Security Holder to be in breach of its compliance obligations under the UCITS Directive, laws of 
its jurisdiction of incorporation or investment objectives and policies, and therefore to be exposed to 
regulatory sanctions under its national regime.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have been filed with the Central Bank and the FCA and are incorporated in this 
document by reference and are available in electronic form at the Company’s website at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-
5AA14008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 (under the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey 
Issuer Tax Information’ tab, the documents listed below are entitled ‘Gold Bullion Securities – Annual 
Accounts 2021 and ‘Gold Bullion Securities – Annual Account 2022) and at the registered office of the 
Company as set out in paragraph 9 of Part 8 (General Information): 
1. 
the published audited reports and accounts of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
as published by the Company through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock Exchange 
on 29 April 2022; and  
2. 
the published audited reports and accounts of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022, 
as published by the Company through the Regulatory News Service of the London Stock Exchange 
on 28 April 2023. 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus and other 
than the documents specifically identified above, no other documents, including the contents of any websites 
or web pages referred to in this Prospectus form part of this Prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation Rules.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
PART 1 
INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY, MANJER AND GOLD BULLION SECURITIES 
Introduction 
Gold Bullion Securities are intended to offer investors a means of investing in the gold bullion market without 
the necessity of taking physical delivery of gold, and to buy and sell that interest through the trading of a 
security on the London Stock Exchange and on any other exchange to which they may be admitted to 
trading from time to time. A Gold Bullion Security is a secured undated zero coupon note with a face value 
of US$0.00001 issued by the Company, which on redemption entitles a Security Holder to payment in gold of 
an amount equal to the Per Security Entitlement to Gold on the applicable Redemption Date, provided that 
if such Gold Bullion Security is to be redeemed using the Gold Sale Method, the Company shall redeem 
such Gold Bullion Security by payment in cash of an amount equal to the value of the Per Security 
Entitlement to Gold.  
The Per Security Entitlement to Gold will be calculated as 99.550959 per cent. of one-tenth of one fine troy 
ounce of gold as at 1 July 2005, reduced daily by the Gold Sales Charge Rate. The Per Security Entitlement 
to Gold varies on each day to reflect the Gold Sales Charge according to a formula set out in Part 1 
(Information on the Company, ManJer and Gold Bullion Securities) under the heading “Gold Sales Charge 
and Per Security Entitlement to Gold”. Further information and examples of how it is calculated are set out 
in Part 2 (How does a Security Holder determine the value of their investment?). As at 30 June 2023, the 
latest practicable date prior to publication of this document, the Per Security Entitlement to Gold was 
92.445596 per cent of one-tenth of one fine troy ounce of gold. 
The cash value at which the Gold Bullion Securities will trade on exchange is expected to be close to the 
value of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold of the Gold Bullion Securities. The “spot price” of gold is a single 
price which is set up to twice a day and is based on an average of all the buy and sell offers in the market 
for such gold. The spot price is also known as the “fixing” and is published by the LBMA on its website at 
www.lbma.org.uk. 
All gold on which the Gold Bullion Securities are secured will be held in custody by the Custodian (HSBC Bank 
plc), its sub-custodians or their delegates. All such gold will be held in the Secured Gold Accounts. An amount 
of such Secured Gold not less than the Combined Entitlement to Gold of all outstanding Gold Bullion 
Securities will be held in the Secured Allocated Account, where it will be held in “allocated” form (that is, as 
uniquely identifiable London Good Delivery bars) other than to the extent that any such gold is required to 
be transferred to the Secured Unallocated Account to effect a redemption. The Gold Bullion Securities are 
constituted by a Trust Instrument entered into between the Company and The Law Debenture Trust 
Corporation p.l.c. as trustee for the Security Holders. The Secured Gold is the subject of a fixed charge under 
the Security Deed in favour of the Trustee to secure the obligations owed by the Company to the Trustee 
and the Security Holders in respect of the Gold Bullion Securities. Under the Custodian Agreements and the 
Receipts Account Agreement, the Custodian, with respect to the Secured Gold Accounts, and the Bank, with 
respect to the Receipts Account, each acknowledges the Security created in favour of the Trustee and 
agrees that only the Trustee may give instructions in relation to such accounts, subject to such security. 
The creation and redemption feature of Gold Bullion Securities enables Gold Bullion Securities to be created 
or redeemed, at any time, in exchange for OTC gold (gold traded in the inter-bank market loco London). 
This feature is designed to ensure that Gold Bullion Securities are, effectively, interchangeable with OTC 
gold and should, thus, track closely the price of and have similar liquidity to OTC gold. 
Management and administration services will be supplied to the Company by ManJer. Further details as to 
the ownership of, and relationship between, the Company and ManJer, and the services to be provided by 
ManJer, are set out under the headings “The Company and ManJer” and “Management Expenses”. 
The Offering being made as described in this document is a continuous offer made during the period of 12 
months from the date of this document. This document gives information about the Offering and contains the 
formal invitation to apply for Gold Bullion Securities. 
Restrictions Relating to Subscription for Gold Bullion Securities 
The Gold Bullion Securities are being offered for subscription only to Approved Applicants. All other 
investors may purchase Gold Bullion Securities on the London Stock Exchange, NYSE Euronext Paris, 
Euronext Brussels, the ETFplus market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A, the Regulated Market (General 
Standard) (Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse) or any other exchange to which they may be admitted to trading from time to time.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
The Company and ManJer 
The Company is a public company limited by shares and was incorporated in Jersey on 17 March 2004. The 
Company is ultimately wholly-owned by HoldCo, which is a company incorporated in Jersey and which is 
itself ultimately wholly-owned by WisdomTree, Inc. The Company does not and will not have any employees 
or subsidiaries. The Company is a special purpose company established for the purpose of issuing Gold 
Bullion Securities and has not undertaken any business, save for issuing and redeeming Gold Bullion 
Securities, entering into the Documents and performing the obligations and exercising its rights in relation 
thereto, since its incorporation. The Company’s registered office is Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. 
Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW. The Company does not and will not own or lease any land or 
buildings. The Company will not undertake any business other than issuing and redeeming Gold Bullion 
Securities and performing the obligations and exercising its rights in relation thereto. The Company has not 
been assigned a credit rating and it is not intended that any Gold Bullion Securities will be assigned credit 
ratings. 
HoldCo acts as the holding company and ManJer acts as the manager of the Company. The Company is 
neither directly nor indirectly owned or controlled by any other party to the Programme. The Company is 
dependent upon ManJer to provide management and administration services to it. ManJer intends to 
promote and to provide management and other services to both the Company and other companies issuing 
commodity-based securities and currently also provides such services to WisdomTree Metal Securities 
Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited, 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited and 
WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. 
Creation and Custody Structure 
The Company has created a programme whereby Gold Bullion Securities may be issued from time to time. 
The Gold Bullion Securities can be issued to or required to be redeemed on a daily basis by Approved 
Applicants. Approved Applicants may then sell or buy Gold Bullion Securities to or from other investors on 
exchange or in private transactions. 
A Gold Bullion Security will only be issued once the subscription price equal to the market value of the Per 
Security Entitlement to Gold at the time of subscription has been paid by an Applicant to the Company, such 
payment to be satisfied by the deposit of gold equal to the Per Security Entitlement to Gold into the 
Subscription Unallocated Account. A Gold Bullion Security will be cancelled on redemption when an amount 
equal to the value of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold has been paid to the Security Holder, if the Gold 
Sale Method applies, or when gold in an amount equal to the Per Security Entitlement to Gold has been paid 
in gold to the Security Holder, if the Gold Delivery Method applies, on the applicable Redemption Date. For 
this purpose the “value” of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold shall be determined as an amount equal to 
the gross proceeds of sale actually realised by the Company from selling gold equal to the Per Security 
Entitlement to Gold on the Redemption Date in accordance with the terms of the Gold Sale Method. Thus, 
there should always be a direct relationship between the number of Gold Bullion Securities in issue and the 
amount of Secured Gold held to secure obligations owed by the Company to the Security Holders in respect 
of the Gold Bullion Securities. 
A diagrammatic representation of the principal aspects of the structure as currently in place appears below. 
For simplicity only creations and redemptions by Approved Applicants are illustrated. 
All Gold Bullion Securities (newly issued and existing) will be fungible and will be backed by the same 
assets.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Gold held in the Subscription Unallocated Account will not be subject to the security created by the Security 
Deed. However, pending the transfer of such gold to the Secured Allocated Account or, if the relevant 
Application is rejected, or if the relevant Applicant has deposited excess gold, the return of such gold to the 
relevant Applicant, the Company will hold such gold on trust for the benefit of such Applicant. Details of the 
creation and redemption process are set out in Part 4 (Description of the Gold Bullion Securities). Details 
of the Conditions are set out in Part 6 (Description of the Documents). 
Management Expenses 
Pursuant to the Service Agreement, ManJer is responsible for supplying all management and administration 
services to the Company and will pay all the management and administration costs of the Company, including 
the fees of the Trustee and Custodian. 
In return for ManJer agreeing to perform its obligations under the Service Agreement, the Company is 
obliged to pay to ManJer a fee equal to the Gold Sales Charge plus any Creation Fees and Redemption Fees 
received by the Company less the Company’s own expenses in administering the Programme. 
The Company has also entered into a corporate administration agreement under which (as amended) R&H 
Fund Services (Jersey) Limited has agreed to perform certain administration duties for the Company, and 
is entitled to be paid an annual fee of £5,000. 
Gold Sales Charge and Per Security Entitlement to Gold 
The Per Security Entitlement to Gold in relation to each Gold Bullion Security is calculated as being 
99.550959 per cent. of one-tenth of one fine troy ounce of gold as at 1 July 2005, reducing daily at the Gold 
Sales Charge Rate. Until 6 January 2020, the Gold Sales Charge Rate was 0.40 per cent. of one-tenth of 
one fine troy ounce per annum (applied daily).  Thereafter the Gold Sales Charge Rate is a daily rate 
equivalent to 40 basis points per annum, calculated by reference to the Per Security Entitlement to Gold on 
the previous day. The Gold Sales Charge Rate may be varied by the Company at any time, but only after 
giving three months’ prior written notice to all Security Holders (to be released through the RNS). 
The Per Security Entitlement to Gold (PSEG(t)) on any day prior to 7 January 2020 was calculated as follows: 
PSEG(t) = PSEG(t-1) – 
0.0004
365  
where PSEG(t-1) was the Per Security Entitlement to Gold on the preceding day in fine troy ounces.  
ManJer 
Issuer 
Security Holders 
Trustee 
Authorised- 
Participants 
Custodian 
Secured Metal 
Subscription 
Gold 
Bullion Securities 
Services  
Agreement 
Trust Instrument 
Security Deeds 
Custodian 
Agreements 
Approved Applicant 
Agreements 
Application and 
Redemption Notices 
Market-making 
Agreements   
 
Bullion Flows  ---------------- 
Fund Flows      ------------------

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
From and including 7 January 2020 the effect of the Gold Sales Charge is that the Per Security Entitlement 
to Gold on any day is calculated as follows: 
PSEG(t) = PSEG(t-1) x (1 −𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺𝐺(𝑡𝑡))1/𝑁𝑁 
Where:  
PSEG(t-1) is the Per Security Entitlement to Gold on the preceding day in fine troy ounces;  
GSCR(t) is the Gold Sales Charge Rate applicable on day t; and 
N is the number of calendar days in the year (365 or 366). 
The Per Security Entitlement to Gold is calculated each day to nine decimal places with 0.0000000005 fine 
troy ounces rounded upwards. 
Pursuant to the Security Deed, the Company shall, at the end of each month, provide the Trustee with a 
certificate indicating the amount of the Gold Sales Charge for such month, and request that the Trustee 
instruct the Custodian to withdraw such amount of gold from the Secured Gold Accounts and pay it to the 
Company. The Gold Sales Charge in relation to each month shall be calculated by applying the Gold Sales 
Charge Rate to the Combined Entitlement to Gold of all outstanding Gold Bullion Securities on each day 
during that month. 
The following table sets out the Per Security Entitlement to Gold for various dates, assuming the Gold Sales 
Charge Rate remains a rate equivalent to 40 basis points per annum calculated by reference to the Per 
Security Entitlement to Gold on the previous day: 
Per Security Entitlement to Gold 
(expressed as a percentage of one-tenth of one fine troy ounce of gold) 
At 31 December 2023 
92.258990 
At 31 December 2024 
91.889955 
At 31 December 2025 
At 31 December 2026 
At 31 December 2027 
91.522396  
91.156307 
90.791682 
A worked example of how to calculate the Per Security Entitlement to Gold is set out in Part 2 (How does a 
Security Holder Determine the Value of their Investment?). 
On each Business Day, the Gold Sales Charge Rate is published on the Company website at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/products/ucits-etfs-unleveraged-etps/commodities/gold-bullion-
securities and appears as “MER”. The Per Security Entitlement to Gold on each Business Day is published 
in the same location on the Company website and appears as “Metal Entitlement”. As at 30 June 2023, the 
latest practicable date prior to publication of this document, the Per Security Entitlement to Gold was 
92.445596 per cent. of one-tenth of one fine troy ounce of gold. 
Creation and Redemption Fees 
The Company will not charge Creation Fees or Redemption Fees to investors who buy and sell Gold Bullion 
Securities on the secondary market, including the London Stock Exchange. Such fees are only payable on 
the creation and redemption of Gold Bullion Securities. 
The Company will charge a Creation Fee to each Applicant for any single creation of Gold Bullion Securities. 
The Creation Fee charged to each Applicant will be equal to US$500 per creation. No Creation Fee will be 
charged on the creation of 350,000 or more securities. 
The Company will also charge a Redemption Fee to each Security Holder exercising its right to have all or 
any of its Gold Bullion Securities redeemed. Such fee shall be in the amount of US$750 for any single 
redemption of Gold Bullion Securities (including VAT), regardless of the number of Gold Bullion Securities 
being redeemed. No such fee shall be payable on the exercise of a compulsory redemption of Gold Bullion 
Securities by the Company or on a redemption required by the Trustee upon the occurrence of an Insolvency

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
Event. If Gold Bullion Securities are to be redeemed in cash, the Company may set off its liability to pay any 
redemption moneys against amounts owing to the Company by the redeeming Security Holder in respect of 
the Redemption Fee. 
No additional amounts will be charged by the Company to an Applicant or a Security Holder in respect of 
VAT payable in connection with Creation Fees or Redemption Fees. 
The Company may vary the Creation Fee and Redemption Fee at any time after giving 3 months’ notice to 
Security Holders (to be released through the RNS). 
Directors, Secretary and Administrator of the Company  
The Directors, Secretary and Administrator of the Company at the date of this document are as follows: 
Bryan Governey — Non-Executive Director 
Bryan Governey joined WisdomTree in September 2014 and has served as General Counsel for 
WisdomTree in Europe since November 2016. Mr Governey is responsible for the legal, compliance and 
human resource departments in Europe. Mr Governey is also a non-executive director of the Company, 
WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree 
Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Foreign 
Exchange Limited and WisdomTree Issuer X Limited. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Governey was legal 
counsel at Renaissance Asset Managers from 2012 until 2014, and he served as legal counsel at Aviva 
Investors from 2010 until 2012. Prior to this, Mr Governey was a solicitor in the asset management practice 
of Dillon Eustace in Ireland. Mr Governey was admitted as a solicitor by the Law Society of Ireland in 2010 
and also admitted as a solicitor of the Law Society of England and Wales in the same year. Mr Governey 
holds a B.A. in Philosophy and Political Science from Trinity College Dublin. 
Christopher John Michael Foulds – Non-Executive Director 
Christopher John Michael Foulds is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Foulds is also a non-executive 
director of the Company, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities 
Limited, WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited 
and WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited. Mr Foulds graduated from the University of Portsmouth with 
an honours degree in Mathematics with Financial Management, before qualifying as a Chartered 
Accountant (FCA) with Deloitte LLP in Jersey, where he was responsible for assisting and managing a 
number of assurance and business advisory engagements focusing on offshore financial services clients. 
Following his departure from Deloitte LLP, Mr Foulds was a director of Active Services (Jersey) Limited, 
providing start-up management and support services to the funds sector. Subsequently Mr Foulds held 
various roles with ETFS Capital Limited, being primarily responsible for Financial Reporting as well as 
historically appointed as the Compliance Officer of the Company and ManJer. He has also previously been 
a non-executive director of the Company. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited in March 
2020, Mr Foulds was the Head of Compliance and Regulatory Affairs for CoinShares (Jersey) Limited, a 
business providing digital asset investment products. 
Steven Ross — Non-Executive Director 
Steven G. Ross is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Ross is also a non-executive director of the 
Company, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited and 
WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited. Mr Ross graduated from the University of Stirling with an honours 
degree in Accountancy before embarking on a career with PricewaterhouseCoopers CI LLP in Jersey from 
2001 to 2006. Whilst with PricewaterhouseCoopers he qualified as a chartered accountant with the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales and was responsible for assisting and managing a number 
of assurance and business advisory engagements for high profile offshore financial services and 
commercial clients. Prior to joining R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited he held the position of Head of 
Operations for Capita Financial Administrators (Jersey) Limited, an offshore fund administration business 
and was responsible for the provision of fund administration services to a portfolio of listed and private 
investment funds. In March 2012, he joined R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited and became a partner of 
Rawlinson & Hunter Jersey in January 2017.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
Peter Ziemba — Non-Executive Director 
Peter M. Ziemba is a director of ManJer and HoldCo. Mr Ziemba is also a non-executive director of the 
Company, WisdomTree Metal Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Metal Securities Limited, 
WisdomTree Commodity Securities Limited, WisdomTree Hedged Commodity Securities Limited,  
WisdomTree Issuer X Limited and WisdomTree Foreign Exchange Limited. Since January 2018, Mr Ziemba 
has served as Senior Advisor to the CEO and Chief Administrative Officer of WisdomTree, Inc., an exchange-
traded fund and exchange-traded product sponsor and asset manager. Prior to this role he served as 
Executive Vice President—Business and Legal Affairs from January 2008 to December 2017, and Chief 
Legal Officer from March 2011 to December 2017. From April 2007 to March 2011, Mr Ziemba served as 
General Counsel to WisdomTree, Inc. Mr. Ziemba presently serves on the boards of a number of 
WisdomTree’s wholly owned subsidiaries. Prior to joining WisdomTree, Mr Ziemba was a partner in the 
Corporate and Securities department of Graubard Miller, which served as primary corporate counsel for 
WisdomTree, Inc., from 1991 to 2007, and was employed at that firm beginning in 1982. Mr Ziemba received 
his B.A. in History with university honors from Binghamton University and his J.D., cum laude, from Benjamin 
N. Cardozo School of Law. 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited — Administrator 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited is a company incorporated in Jersey on 29 November 1988 with limited 
liability whose issued and paid up share capital is £2,425,000. It is not involved in any other business 
activities other than that of acting as manager and administrator of collective investment schemes and is a 
wholly owned subsidiary of Rawlinson & Hunter, Jersey. The directors of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) 
Limited are: 
Louise Follain 
Jennifer Mary Geddes 
Steven George Ross 
John-Paul Joseph Meagher 
Christopher John Michael Foulds 
Secretary 
The secretary of the Company is R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited. 
Directors and Secretary of ManJer 
The directors of ManJer at the date of this Prospectus are Peter Ziemba, Bryan Governey, Steven Ross, 
Christopher John Michael Foulds and Hilary Jones. The secretary of ManJer at the date of this document is 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited. The biographies of Mr Ross, Mr Governey, Mr Foulds and Mr Ziemba 
are set out under the heading “Directors, Secretary and Administrator of the Company” above. The 
biography of Ms Jones is as follows: 
Hilary Jones  
Ms Jones worked for the Northern Bank in her native Northern Ireland for 15 years before moving to Jersey 
in 1993. She was a director of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited from 2009 to 2019 and since December 
2019 she has been working at JTC Fund Solutions (Jersey) Limited. Between 1993 and 1999 Ms Jones 
worked at Lloyds Private Bank and Trust Company in the Securities team and at Barclays Private Bank and 
Trust Company as a relationship manager. Hilary Jones is a Fellow member of the Association of Chartered 
Certified Accountants and has over 40 years’ experience in the finance sector, with extensive experience 
of crypto, real estate, private equity and special purpose and listed vehicles for corporate clients. Ms Jones 
acts, or has acted as director for a number of companies across a wide range of asset classes including 
crypto, private equity and real estate. Ms Jones has also served on the legal and technical sub-committee 
of the Jersey Funds Association. 
 
WisdomTree, Inc. 
WisdomTree , Inc. is a company founded in 1985. Its principal place of business is at 245 Park Avenue, 
35th Floor, New York, NY 10167, United States. WisdomTree, Inc. is the ultimate holding company of a group 
of companies which includes the Company, ManJer and HoldCo. WisdomTree, Inc. through its subsidiaries 
operates as an exchange traded product sponsor and asset manager. It also licences its indices to third 
parties. 
Conflict of Interest

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Mr Governey, Mr Ross, Mr Foulds and Mr Ziemba are each also directors of ManJer, a provider of services 
to the Company, and are also directors of HoldCo, the sole shareholder of the Company. Mr Ross and Mr 
Foulds are also a directors of R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited, the administrator and secretary of the 
Company and ManJer. While these roles could potentially lead to conflicts of interest, the Directors do not 
believe there are any actual or potential conflicts of interest between the duties which the directors and/or 
members of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies of the Company owe to the Company, 
and the private interests and/or other duties which they have. 
The directors of the Company also hold directorships of other issuers of exchange traded commodities also 
owned by HoldCo and or other WisdomTree group companies including WisdomTree Multi Asset 
Management Limited (formerly Boost Management Limited) (a company that provides services to 
WisdomTree Multi Asset Issuer plc (formerly Boost Issuer plc) (an exchange traded products issuer)) and 
WisdomTree Issuer Plc, an issuer of exchange traded funds via segregated liability sub-funds. 
Save as specifically stated herein, none of the principal activities performed by the Directors outside the 
Company are significant with respect to the Company and they have no interests that are material to the 
Programme. 
Further Information 
Information regarding taxation in United Kingdom, Ireland and Jersey in respect of the Programme and Gold 
Bullion Securities is set out in Part 7 (Taxation). If an investor is in any doubt about the tax position, it should 
consult a professional adviser. 
Your attention is drawn to the remainder of this document which contains further information relating to the 
Programme and Gold Bullion Securities and to the terms and conditions of the Offering.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
PART 2 
HOW DOES A SECURITY HOLDER DETERMINE THE VALUE OF THEIR INVESTMENT? 
Entitlement on Redemption 
Each Gold Bullion Security carries a right on redemption to receipt of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold 
and Security Holders may elect whether to receive their redemption proceeds in gold or in cash as a result 
of the sale of gold by the Company. The value of a Security Holder’s investment is therefore equivalent to 
the value of the amount in fine troy ounces of physical gold that they would receive upon redemption – 
generally the applicable Combined Entitlement to Gold, which is calculated by multiplying the Per Security 
Entitlement to Gold by the number of Gold Bullion Securities to be redeemed. 
Calculation of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold 
The Per Security Entitlement to Gold of each Gold Bullion Security as at 1 July 2005 and how it varies each 
day to reflect the Gold Sales Charge in accordance with a formula is set out in Part 1 (Information on the 
Company, ManJer and Gold Bullion Securities) under the heading “Gold Sales Charge and Per Security 
Entitlement to Gold”. 
Converting Per Security Entitlement to Gold into a price 
Whilst Gold Bullion Securities are created and redeemed by the Company at the Per Security Entitlement to 
Gold, it is also possible to calculate what the cash value of the Gold Bullion Securities in US dollars was on 
a particular day. This is done using the spot price for gold on that day which is multiplied by the Per Security 
Entitlement to Gold to convert the Per Security Entitlement to Gold into a price in US dollars. For example, if 
the spot price of gold on that day was $1,200 and the Per Security Entitlement to Gold was 0.1 fine troy 
ounces, then applying these figures to this calculation would create a price of $120 as follows: 
$1,200 x 0.1 = $120 
How the Per Security Entitlement to Gold affects the amount of underlying gold 
The three hypothetical scenarios in this section show some possible outcomes of an investment in the Gold 
Bullion Securities under normal market conditions. These scenarios are not indicators of the actual future 
performance of the Gold Bullion Securities and are for illustrative purposes only. The following assumptions 
have been made: 
• 
An investor invests in the Gold Bullion Securities for one full calendar year; 
• 
1 Gold Bullion Security is bought from a broker at a price of $120 per security; 
• 
The spot price of the physical gold when bought is $1,200; 
• 
The Per Security Entitlement to Gold when the Gold Bullion Security is purchased is 0.1 fine troy 
ounces; 
• 
The Gold Sales Charge Rate is a daily rate equivalent to 40 basis points per annum applied daily to 
the previous day’s Per Security Entitlement to Gold; 
• 
There are no changes in the level of the Gold Sales Charge Rate during the investment period; 
• 
All transaction fees (including any commission) of the investor’s broker and investment adviser for 
the sale and purchase of the Gold Bullion Securities and the custody fees of the investor’s bank are 
excluded; and 
• 
The selling price of a Gold Bullion Security exactly matches the spot price of the underlying quantity of 
gold. 
Scenario 1: The price of physical gold decreases 
• 
The price of the physical gold decreases by 10 per cent. to $1,080 one year later. 
• 
The amount of the fees charged during this time would be 0.0004 fine troy ounces of gold per Gold 
Bullion Security (equivalent to $0.43 at the selling price of the Gold Bullion Securities). 
• 
The price of one Gold Bullion Security has decreased to $107.57.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
• 
The investor sells the Gold Bullion Securities and has lost $12.43 from his/her initial investment of 
$120 a year ago. 
Scenario 2: The price of physical gold increases 
• 
The price of the physical gold increases by 10 per cent. to $1,320 one year later. 
• 
The amount of the fees charged during this time would be 0.0004 fine troy ounces of gold per Gold 
Bullion Security (equivalent to $0.53 at the selling price of the Gold Bullion Securities). 
• 
The price of one Gold Bullion Security has increased to $131.47. 
• 
The investor sells the Gold Bullion Securities and has gained $11.47 from his/her initial investment of 
$120 a year ago. 
Scenario 3: The price of physical gold remains the same 
• 
The price of the physical gold remains the same one year later. 
• 
The amount of the fees charged during this time would be 0.0004 fine troy ounces of gold per Gold 
Bullion Security (equivalent to $0.48 at the selling price of the Gold Bullion Securities). 
• 
The price of one Gold Bullion Security has decreased to $119.52. 
• 
The investor sells the Gold Bullion Securities and has lost $0.48 from his/her initial investment of $120 
a year ago. 
Interest 
The Gold Bullion Securities do not bear interest.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
PART 3 
GOLD MARKET OVERVIEW  
The underlying for the Gold Bullion Securities is physical gold. This Part 3 is a description of gold and the 
physical gold market. 
Gold Market Balances 
The Company believes that three factors set gold apart as an investment from most other commodities: it is 
indestructible; it is fungible; and the inventory of above-ground stocks is enormous relative to the supply 
flow. These attributes mean that a sudden surge in gold demand can be met quickly and easily through 
sales of existing holdings of gold. The Company believes that gold’s liquidity and responsiveness to price 
changes differentiates it from other commodities. 
Demand and Supply 
One factor which separates gold from other precious metals is that there are large above-ground stocks 
which can be quickly mobilised. As a result of gold’s liquidity, gold often acts more like a currency than a 
commodity. 
Over the past ten years, (new) mine production of gold has experienced a modest rise on average of 2 
per cent. per annum. Mine production accounted for nearly 76 per cent. of total supply in 2022. Recycled gold 
volumes have ranged from 1067 to 1628 over the past 10 years. 
On the demand side, jewellery is clearly the greatest source of demand, and has remained so since 2012. 
Industrial demand has been relatively constant, contributing generally around 8 to 9 per cent. of total 
demand. 
The following table shows the main sources of supply and demand of gold between 2012 and 2022. 
2012 
2013 
2014 
2015 
2016 
2017 
2018 
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
 SUPPLY  
 Mine Production  
 3,003   3,181   3,270   3,361   3,510   3,573   3,655   3,595  
 3,472  
 3,569   3,614  
 Recycling  
 1,628   1,189   1,130   1,067   1,232   1,112   1,132   1,275  
 1,293  
 1,137   1,145  
 Net Physical 
DisInvestment  
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 Net Hedging Supply  
 -    
 -    
 105  
 13  
 33  
 -    
 -    
 6  
 -    
 -    
 1  
 Net Central Bank 
Selling  
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 -    
 Total Supply  
4,631  
4,370  
4,505  
4,441  
4,775  
4,686  
4,787  
4,876  
4,765  
4,706  
4,760  
 DEMAND  
 Jewellery 
Consumption  
 2,237   2,768   2,534   2,461   2,105   2,242   2,250   2,127  
 1,398   2,148   2,087  
 Industrial Demand  
 365  
 350  
 348  
 332  
 323  
 333  
 335  
 326  
 303  
 330  
 309  
 Net Physical 
Investment  
 1,301   1,719   1,061   1,073   1,063   1,035   1,068  
 849  
 899   1,180   1,198  
 Net Hedging Demand  
 47  
 25  
 -   
 -   
 -   
 21  
 12  
 -   
 39  
 21  
 -   
 Net Official Sector 
Purchases  
 582  
 653  
 601  
 580  
 395  
 379  
 656  
 605  
 255  
 450   1,136  
 Total Demand  
 4,532   5,515   4,545   4,445   3,886   4,010   4,321   3,907  
 2,894   4,129   4,729  
 Market Balance  
99  -1,145  
-40  
-4  
889  
676  
466  
969  
1,872  
576  
30  
 Nominal Gold Price  
1,669  
1,411  
1,266  
1,160   1,251  
1,257  
1,268  
1,393  
1,770  
1,799  
1,800  
Source: MetalsFocus 
 
The Gold Market 
Gold trading on the global market consists of transactions in spot, forwards, and options and other 
derivatives on the over-the-counter (OTC) market, together with exchange-traded futures and options. The 
OTC market trades on a 24-hour per day continuous basis and accounts for most global gold trading.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
Market-makers, as well as others in the OTC market, trade with each other and with their clients on a 
principal-to-principal basis. All risks and issues of credit are between the parties directly involved in the 
transaction. The OTC market provides a relatively flexible market in terms of quotes, price, size, destinations 
for delivery and other factors. Bullion dealers customise transactions to meet clients’ requirements. The 
OTC market has no formal structure and no open-outcry meeting place. The main centres of the OTC 
market are London, New York and Zurich. Mining companies, central banks, manufacturers of jewellery and 
industrial products, together with investors and speculators, tend to transact their business through one of 
these market centres. Centres, such as Dubai, and several cities in the Far East also transact substantial 
OTC market business, typically involving jewellery and small bars (1 kilogram or less). Bullion dealers have 
offices around the world and most of the world’s major bullion dealers are either members or associate 
members of the LBMA (see below). 
In the OTC market, the standard size of gold trades between market-makers usually ranges between 5,000 
and 10,000 ounces. Bid-offer spreads are typically US$0.50 per ounce or lower. Dealers are generally 
willing to offer clients competitive prices for much larger volumes, potentially up to 100,000 ounces, although 
this will vary according to the dealer, the client and market conditions, as transaction costs in the OTC 
market are negotiable between the parties and therefore vary widely. Cost indicators can be obtained from 
various information service providers as well as dealers. 
The most significant futures exchanges are the COMEX, a division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, and 
the Tokyo Commodity Exchange (TOCOM). Trading on these exchanges is based on fixed delivery dates 
and transaction sizes for the futures and options contracts traded. Trading costs are negotiable. 
Liquidity in the OTC market can vary from time to time during the course of the 24-hour trading day. The 
period of greatest liquidity in the gold market is typically that time of the day when trading in the European time 
zones overlaps with trading in the United States, that is when OTC market trading in London, New York and 
other centres coincides with futures and options trading on the COMEX. This period lasts for approximately 
four hours each UK Business Day afternoon (or less where daylight savings time takes effect on different 
dates across different time zones). 
The London Bullion Market 
The LBMA 
The London Bullion Market Association is the trade association that acts as the co-ordinator for activities 
conducted in the London Bullion Market. The roles of the LBMA include: setting refining standards for and 
ensuring gold bars meet the LBMA “Good Delivery Standard”; co-ordinating market clearing and vaulting; 
promoting good trading practices; and developing standard documentation. 
London Good Delivery 
According to the Good Delivery Rules of the LBMA a gold bar must have a minimum fineness of 99.5 
per cent. and a weight of approximately 400 ounces or 12.5 kilograms (although bars are permitted to be 
between 350 and 430 ounces). The actual quantity of pure gold in a bar is expressed to three decimal 
places and is calculated by multiplying the gross weight (in ounces, to three decimal places) by the fineness 
(in per cent., to two decimal places). For example, a bar with a gross weight of 404.075 fine troy ounces and 
a fineness of 99.58 per cent. would be recorded as having a fine gold content of 402.377 fine troy ounces 
(note: there is no rounding up unless the fourth decimal is a nine). The standards required for gold bars to 
be included in the “Good Delivery List” are set out in “The Good Delivery Rules” published by the LBMA. 
Even though a variety of smaller and exact weight bars are available in the market, the Company will only 
deal in LBMA Good Delivery gold bars. 
Loco London 
Gold traded in the London market is generally on a loco London basis, meaning the gold is physically held 
in vaults in London or is transferred into accounts established in London. The basis for settlement and 
delivery of a loco London spot trade is payment (generally in US dollars) two Business Days after the trade 
date against delivery. Delivery of the gold can either be by physical delivery to an allocated account or 
through the London Bullion Clearing system to an unallocated account. 
Allocated Accounts 
An allocated account is an account held with a dealer in a customer’s name evidencing that uniquely 
identifiable bars of gold have been “allocated” to the customer and are segregated from other metal held in 
the vault of that dealer. The client has full title to this gold with the dealer holding it as custodian.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Unallocated Accounts 
Most gold traded in the London market is traded and settled in unallocated form. Gold held in this form does 
not entitle the holder to specific bars of gold but gives the holder a right to require the delivery of certain 
amounts of gold. Subject to the terms of a client’s account agreement, a client may make exchanges 
between allocated and unallocated gold accounts (provided the client has a sufficient balance). 
Trading Unit 
The trading unit for gold is one fine troy ounce (“fine” meaning pure gold irrespective of the purity of a 
particular bar). The conversion factors between troy ounces and metric used by the LBMA are: 
1 troy ounce 
 
 
 
= 
31.1034768 grams 
1 kilogram 
 
 
 
= 
32.1507465 troy ounces 
Even though the London Bullion Market is a wholesale market, where minimum traded amounts are 
generally 1,000 fine troy ounces of gold, the fact that it is an over-the-counter market gives dealers flexibility 
to deal in whatever quantities they wish. The Company may be required to deal in quantities of less than 
1,000 fine troy ounces because, for example, some redemptions may require the sale of gold in smaller 
parcels or in a number of fine troy ounces expressed to three places of decimals. For such transactions, the 
Company may not be able to achieve the same price if dealing in 1,000 ounce lots. 
LBMA AM Gold Price and LBMA PM Gold Price 
The London market provides a gold fixing service whereby the Fixing Price is intended to represent the 
matching of orders from customers throughout the world. Historically the Fixings in the LBMA took place by 
telephone every day on which members are open for dealing in London. In 2014 and 2015, a number of 
changes were implemented to the Fixing Price for gold to introduce a new auction process. 
On 20 March 2015, ICE Benchmark Administration (“IBA”) began administering the operation of an 
electronic, tradable and auditable, over-the-counter auction market with the ability to settle trades in US 
dollars, Euros or Sterling for LBMA-authorised participating gold bullion banks or market makers (“Gold 
Participants”). This auction establishes a reference gold price for that day’s trading. This auction is the gold 
valuation replacement selected by the LBMA for the “London Gold Fix” previously determined by the London 
Gold Market Fixing Ltd. that was discontinued on 19 March 2015. The new auction process, like the previous 
gold fixing process, establishes and publishes fixed prices for fine troy ounces of gold each London trading 
day during fixing sessions beginning at 10.30 a.m. (the “LBMA AM Gold Price”) and 3.00 p.m. (the “LBMA 
PM Gold Price”). 
The LBMA publishes on its website (www.lbma.org.uk) historic fixing prices enabling users to calculate historic 
performance and volatility. 
Vaulting and Clearing 
Certain members of the London Bullion Market offer clearing services. They may use their own vaults for 
storage of physical bullion and/or have the use of storage facilities with another person. The clearing 
members of the LBMA use a daily clearing system whereby those members utilise the unallocated gold they 
maintain between each other for the settlement of all mutual trades and third-party transfers. This system 
is designed to avoid the security risks and costs involved in the physical movement of bullion. 
Documentation 
The LBMA has developed and introduced a number of standard agreements which cover the terms and 
conditions for operating allocated and unallocated accounts and for dealing in spot gold transactions. In all 
dealings in gold the Company, to the extent possible, will use the standard LBMA documentation, amended 
as required by the Trustee.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
PART 4 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GOLD BULLION SECURITIES 
Description of a Gold Bullion Security 
A Gold Bullion Security is a secured undated zero coupon note with a face value of US$0.00001 issued by 
the Company, which on redemption entitles the Security Holder to payment in gold of an amount equal to the 
Per Security Entitlement to Gold on the applicable Redemption Date, provided that if such Gold Bullion 
Security is to be redeemed using the Gold Sale Method, the Company shall redeem such Gold Bullion 
Security by payment in cash of an amount equal to the value of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold. For 
this purpose the “value” of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold shall be determined as an amount equal to 
the gross proceeds of sale actually realised by the Company from selling gold equal to the Per Security 
Entitlement to Gold on the Redemption Date to the Gold Sale Counterparty in accordance with the terms of 
the Gold Sale Method. The Secured Gold has characteristics that demonstrate capacity to produce funds 
to service any payments due and payable on the Gold Bullion Securities. 
The Secured Gold is the subject of a fixed charge in favour of the Trustee under the Security Deed to secure 
the obligations owed by the Company to the Trustee and the Security Holders in respect of the Gold Bullion 
Securities. By resolutions of the Board passed on 19 March 2004, the Company has created and resolved to 
issue up to 1,000,000,000 Gold Bullion Securities of US$0.00001 each constituted by the Trust Instrument. 
Rights of Holders of Gold Bullion Securities 
A Security Holder has the right, at any time (in accordance with the terms for redemption of Gold Bullion 
Securities), to require the redemption of all or any of its Gold Bullion Securities for gold or cash. 
A Security Holder has no right to the payment of any interest in respect of its Gold Bullion Securities. Gold 
Bullion Securities have no final maturity date. 
No Recourse Except to the Company 
The Gold Bullion Securities are obligations solely of the Company. In particular, the Gold Bullion Securities 
are not obligations or responsibilities of, or guaranteed by, the Trustee, the Custodian, R&H, or any direct 
or indirect shareholder of the Company. 
Gold Deposit 
The Company has deposited 430 ounces of gold made available to it by the Custodian (the “Swing 
Amount”) into the Secured Unallocated Account so that it will form part of the Secured Gold. This Swing 
Amount will be maintained in the Secured Gold Accounts to ensure that there should always be allocated 
gold in the Secured Gold Accounts in an amount greater than the Combined Entitlement to Gold of all 
outstanding Gold Bullion Securities (except to the extent that gold has been transferred to the Secured 
Unallocated Account to effect a redemption) and that there should always be a whole number of London 
Good Delivery gold bars in the Secured Allocated Account. 
Creations and Redemptions 
Creations 
Gold Bullion Securities may be created at any time during the period of 12 months from the date of this 
document. There is no minimum number of Gold Bullion Securities that may be applied for. 
Gold Bullion Securities shall be treated as being issued at a subscription price per security equal to the 
value of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold on the date of creation as determined using the London AM 
Fix on such date. Payment of the subscription price for Gold Bullion Securities shall be satisfied by the 
Applicant depositing gold in the Subscription Unallocated Account in an amount equal to the Combined 
Entitlement to Gold of the Gold Bullion Securities applied for and the subsequent transfer of such gold to 
the Secured Gold Accounts. The standard settlement cycle for settlement of trades on the London Stock 
Exchange is two business days (T+2). 
An Application received by the Company by 3:00 pm London time (day “T”) with receipt of the gold in the 
Subscription Unallocated Account within one Business Day (“T+1”) will generally enable investors to be 
registered as the Security Holder in respect of the relevant Gold Bullion Securities within two Business 
Days, that is, on a T+2 basis.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
Gold Bullion Securities will only be issued after: 
 
receipt by the Company of a valid Application; 
 
the deposit into the Subscription Unallocated Account of gold equal to the Combined Entitlement to 
Gold of the Gold Bullion Securities applied for; 
 
transfer by the Custodian of the gold deposited by the Applicant as referred to in (b) above to the 
Gold Accounts; and 
 
receipt by the Company of the Creation Fee. 
Upon the occurrence of (a) to (d) above, the Gold Bullion Securities applied for will be issued to the relevant 
Applicant, provided that the Company reserves the right to reject any Application. If the Company elects to 
reject an Application, it must notify the relevant Applicant forthwith and ensure any gold and any money in 
respect of the Creation Fee received from such Applicant is returned to it as soon as possible. 
The number of Gold Bullion Securities to be issued to an Applicant will be equal to: 
 
the number of fine troy ounces of gold (expressed to three decimal places) deposited by it in the 
Subscription Unallocated Account; divided by 
 
the Per Security Entitlement to Gold on the date of issue. 
Applicants will be refunded any excess gold deposited with the Custodian in connection with the creation of Gold 
Bullion Securities, whether arising from an error by the Applicant or from rounding. 
Redemptions 
A Security Holder may, at any time, by lodging a Redemption Notice with the Company, require the 
redemption of all or any of its Gold Bullion Securities in cash or gold, provided that no redemption in gold will 
be permissible unless the redeeming Security Holder specifies in its Redemption Notice an unallocated 
account with a bullion dealer in London who is a member of the LBMA to which such gold is to be transferred 
(see Part 3 (Gold Market Overview) for a description of the London Bullion Market). If Gold Bullion Securities 
are redeemed in cash the relevant Security Holder may elect payment to be in US dollars, Sterling or Euros. 
If no such election is made in respect of a redemption of Gold Bullion Securities in cash, such Gold Bullion 
Securities will be redeemed in US dollars. 
In the case of Redemption Notices received by the Company, redemptions (whether in gold or cash) will be 
settled two Business Days following the date upon which a valid Redemption Notice is lodged with the 
Company, that is, on a T+2 basis (or on such later date specified in the Redemption Notice). Redemption 
Notices lodged after 3:00 p.m. (London time) or on a day which is not a Business Day will be treated as 
having been received on the next Business Day. 
If Gold Bullion Securities are to be redeemed in gold, the Custodian will be instructed to withdraw from the 
Secured Gold Accounts gold in an amount equal to the Combined Entitlement to Gold of such Gold Bullion 
Securities on the Redemption Date, and deliver the same to the unallocated gold account of the redeeming 
Security Holder designated by it, provided that no delivery will be made unless the redeeming Security 
Holder has paid the Redemption Fee to the Company. Neither the Trustee nor the Company shall be 
responsible or liable for any failure by the Custodian to effect a delivery of gold in accordance with the 
instructions of the Trustee. However, in the event of such failure, the Company shall to the extent practicable 
assign to the redeeming Security Holder its claims in relation to such gold in satisfaction of all claims of such 
Security Holder in respect of the Gold Bullion Securities to be redeemed and the Security Holder shall have 
no further claims against the Company or the Secured Property. 
If Gold Bullion Securities are to be redeemed in cash, the Company will sell gold in an amount of the 
Combined Entitlement to Gold of such Gold Bullion Securities to the Approved Counterparty, in the London 
AM Fix pursuant to the Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement, the Custodian will be instructed to withdraw from the 
Secured Gold Accounts such gold and to transfer the same to the Approved Counterparty in settlement of 
such sale on the Redemption Date. 
The Approved Counterparty will be instructed to remit the gross proceeds of sale realised from such sale to 
the Receipts Account or, as the case may be, any account of the relevant Security Holder notified to the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
Company in accordance with its Redemption Instructions, provided however, that unless the redeeming 
Security Holder has paid to the Company the Sale Costs in respect of the sale of gold, an amount equal to 
such Sale Costs may be set off by the Company against its liability to pay any redemption amounts owing 
to the redeeming Security Holder. 
If the Approved Counterparty fails to settle the trade for the sale of gold for the purpose of redeeming Gold 
Bullion Securities in cash, the liability of the Company to redeem such Gold Bullion Securities for cash shall 
be reduced by the amount of the deficiency in the payment received from the Approved Counterparty, 
provided, however, that the Company shall ensure that the amount paid into the Receipts Account or the 
account of the relevant Security Holder, as the case may be, in respect of any such redemption by a Security 
Holder shall not be less than US$0.01. Neither the Company nor the Trustee shall be liable for any failure 
by the Approved Counterparty to perform its obligations in respect of any sale of gold pursuant to a Gold 
Sale Counterparty Agreement. In the event that the Approved Counterparty fails to perform its obligations 
pursuant to the Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement, the Company (with the consent of the Trustee) may 
assign its rights under such Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement to the relevant Security Holder. 
Approved Counterparty 
The Company may from time to time, with the prior consent of the Trustee, appoint dealers to be Approved 
Counterparties for the purpose of effecting sales of gold and/or exchanges of currencies on a redemption of 
Gold Bullion Securities in cash. The Custodian or any other company affiliated with the Custodian may be 
appointed as an Approved Counterparty. The Company has, pursuant to the Gold Sale Counterparty 
Agreement, appointed the Custodian to act as Approved Counterparty. Neither the Company nor the Trustee 
shall be liable to the Security Holders for any loss arising from the appointment (or non-appointment) of any 
dealer as an Approved Counterparty. 
Transaction Costs 
The bid/offer quotes sought and the price obtained from the Approved Counterparty for all sales of gold and 
exchanges of currencies in redeeming Gold Bullion Securities in cash will generally be on the basis of the 
transaction costs and dealer fees being absorbed by such counterparty. However, the redeeming Security 
Holder shall be obliged to pay the Company all Sale Costs (including any transfer and sales taxes associated 
with sales of gold and exchanges of currencies (if any)) and, unless paid by the redeeming Security Holder, 
such amounts may be set off by the Company against the redemption moneys payable to the redeeming 
Security Holder. 
The System 
The Company has implemented a system (the “System”) for enabling Approved Applicants to make 
applications and request redemptions of Gold Bullion Securities by means of a secure website in substitution 
for the lodging of the forms required by the Approved Applicant Agreements, the Conditions or any of them 
for the purpose of such applications and redemptions subject to the relevant parties agreeing any necessary 
amendments to those documents to accommodate such System. It is expected that all applications for Gold 
Bullion Securities will be made and all redemptions of Gold Bullion Securities will be requested using this 
system. In the event of a failure in the System, applications may be made and redemptions may be requested 
using the forms and notices described under the headings “Creations and Redemptions - Creations” and 
“Creations and Redemptions — Redemptions” above. 
Custody of Secured Gold 
All Secured Gold will be held by the Custodian at its London vault premises or (solely for the temporary 
custody of gold until transported to the Custodian’s London vault premises, unless otherwise agreed with 
the Trustee) in the vaults of any sub-custodian or by a delegate of a sub-custodian. As at the date of this 
document the sub-custodians directly appointed by the Custodian are Malca-Amit Commodities Ltd, The 
Bank of England, The Bank of Nova Scotia (ScotiaMocatta), JPMorganChase Bank, N.A., UBS AG, ICBC 
Standard Bank London and Brinks Global Services. 
Storage and Insurance of Gold Bullion 
The Custodian (or one of its affiliates) may make such insurance arrangements from time to time in 
connection with its custodial obligations with respect to Secured Gold held in allocated form as it considers 
appropriate and they shall be responsible for all costs, fees and expenses in relation thereto. In addition, 
the Trustee is not responsible for ensuring that adequate insurance arrangements have been made, or for 
insuring the gold held in the Secured Gold Accounts, and shall not be required to make any enquiry regarding 
such matters.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the Bullion could be lost, stolen or damaged and the Issuer would not be 
able to satisfy its obligations in respect of the Gold Bullion Securities which would result in a loss to Security 
Holders. 
The Custodian is entitled to a fee calculated daily as a percentage of the aggregate value of the number of 
ounces of bullion held in the Secured Allocated Account. Such fee may be varied by agreement of the parties 
and/or an alternative custodian may be appointed. 
Further details of the terms of storage and the extent of the liability of the Custodian for the gold held in the Gold Account can be found 
under the heading “Custodian Agreements” in Part 6 (Description of the Documents). 
The Custodian  
HSBC Bank plc is a wholly-owned subsidiary of HSBC Holdings plc with its registered office at 8 Canada 
Square, London E14 5HQ and provides custody and transfer facilities from time to time pursuant to the 
Custodian Agreements. 
The Custodian is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Prudential 
Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK, but the custodial services provided by 
the Custodian and any sub-custodian under the Custodian Agreements are presently not a regulated activity 
subject to the supervision and rules of the FCA. The Custodian and any of its affiliates may from time to 
time purchase or sell Gold Bullion Securities for their own account, as agent for their customers and for 
accounts over which they exercise investment discretion. The Custodian does not warrant the contents of 
this Prospectus, nor is it involved in the management, administration or net asset value calculation of the 
Gold Bullion Securities. 
HSBC Bank plc is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Prudential 
Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK and had total assets of $2.937 trillion as 
at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
PART 5 
THE PROGRAMME 
The Company hereby invites eligible persons, on the terms and subject to the conditions set out in this 
document, including the Application Form, to subscribe for the Gold Bullion Securities on the following basis: 
Overview of the Programme 
The Gold Bullion Securities have the rights summarised in Part 4 (Description of the Gold Bullion Securities) 
of this document. 
The Gold Bullion Securities are being offered for subscription only to Approved Applicants. All other 
investors may purchase Gold Bullion Securities on the London Stock Exchange and on any other exchange 
to which they may be admitted to trading from time to time. 
The Gold Bullion Securities are available to be issued in registered form or in Uncertificated Form on the 
CREST System. Persons who apply for Gold Bullion Securities and wish to hold their Gold Bullion Securities 
in Uncertificated Form should so signify on the Application Form and complete the relevant sections of that 
form in accordance with the instructions thereon. 
Passporting 
The Central Bank has provided the competent authority(ies) of Austria, the Österreichische 
Finanzmarktaufsicht (Austrian Financial Market Authority), the competent authority in Belgium, the Autorité 
des Services et Marchés Financiers (Financial Services and Markets Authority), the competent authority in 
France, the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (Authority for the Financial Markets), the competent authority 
in Germany, the Bundesanstalt fϋr Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the Federal Financial Supervisory 
Authority), the competent authority in Italy, the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(CONSOB), the competent authority in the Netherlands, the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (Authority for the 
Financial Markets),  the competent authority in Luxembourg, the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier, and the competent authority in Poland, the Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego, with a certificate of 
approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. This should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are 
the subject of these final terms and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the securities.  
The Company may request the Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other EEA States with such 
certificates, whether for purposes of making a public offer in such member states or for admission to trading 
of all or any Gold Bullion Securities on a regulated market therein or both. 
Transparency Directive 
The Company announced on 4 January 2021 by regulatory announcement that it had elected Ireland as its Home Member State for 
the purposes of the Transparency Directive. 
Procedure for Application 
An Applicant who wishes to apply for Gold Bullion Securities should complete the Application Form in 
accordance with the instructions thereon and send it to the Company. 
As described under the heading “The System” in Part 4 (Description of the Gold Bullion Securities), the 
Company intends to implement the System for enabling Approved Applicants to make creations and request 
redemptions by means of a secure website in substitution for the lodging of the forms otherwise required by 
the enabling Approved Applicant Agreements and the Conditions for the purposes of such applications and 
redemptions. Once this System has become effective it is expected that all applications will be made and all 
redemptions will be requested using this System. 
For those Applicants who wish to hold their Gold Bullion Securities in Certificated Form, certificates in 
respect of the Gold Bullion Securities will be dispatched within 10 Business Days of the Gold Bullion 
Securities being issued. For those Applicants who desire to hold their Gold Bullion Securities in 
Uncertificated Form, the relevant CREST account will be credited on the day on which the Gold Bullion 
Securities are issued. The Company considers it preferable that Gold Bullion Securities be held in 
Uncertificated Form. Notwithstanding any other provision in this document, the Company reserves the right 
to issue any Gold Bullion Securities in Certificated Form. In normal circumstances this right is only likely to 
be exercised in the event of any interruption, failure or breakdown of CREST (or any part of CREST), or on

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
the part of the facilities and/or systems operated by the Registrar in connection with CREST. This right may 
also be exercised if the correct details (such as participant ID and member account details) are not provided 
as requested on the Application Form. No temporary documents of title will be issued and, pending despatch 
of security certificates, transfers will be certified against the register. 
By completing and delivering an Application Form or lodging an Application through the System, the 
Applicant confirms that in making the application: 
 
it is not relying on any information or representation other than such as may be contained in this 
document; 
 
that no person responsible solely or jointly for this document or any part of it shall have any liability for 
any information or representation not contained in this document; and 
 
it is an Authorised Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person. 
Further details on new issues are set out in Part 4 (Description of the Gold Bullion Securities). 
Subscription for Gold Bullion Securities 
All gold being used to apply for Gold Bullion Securities must be deposited into the Subscription Unallocated 
Account. To the extent that an Applicant deposits gold into the Subscription Unallocated Account in excess 
of the amount required for the number of Gold Bullion Securities applied for, such excess gold shall be 
returned to the relevant Applicant as soon as practicable. Pending the transfer of gold held in such account 
to the Secured Gold Accounts (or, if the relevant Application is rejected or the relevant Applicant has 
deposited excess gold, the return of such gold to the Applicant), such gold shall be held on trust for the 
Applicant. 
The Custodian is required to use its commercially reasonable endeavours to complete the transfer of all such 
gold by not later than 2:00 p.m. (London time) the following Business Day. The Gold Bullion Securities in 
respect of which the deposit has been made will not be issued until the Custodian has confirmed to the 
Company that it has completed the transfer to the Secured Gold Accounts. 
Register 
The Registrar will maintain the Register in Jersey. 
Settlement 
CREST, Euroclear and ESES 
The Company is a participating issuer in CREST, a paperless multi-currency electronic settlement 
procedure enabling securities (including debt securities) to be evidenced otherwise than by written 
instrument, and to be transferred electronically with effective delivery versus payment and the Gold Bullion 
Securities are participating securities. Accordingly, to the extent that the Gold Bullion Securities are issued 
in Uncertificated Form, settlement of transactions in such Gold Bullion Securities will take place within the 
CREST system. 
ESES is an integrated settlement platform, managed by Euroclear, enabling market participants in the 
Euronext markets of Belgium, France and the Netherlands to process all fixed-income, equity and other 
domestic securities transactions with the same platform. With ESES, cross-border transactions between 
counterparties in Belgium, France and the Netherlands are processed as domestic transactions. As a result, 
Euroclear is eliminating in the ESES markets the complexities, risks and excess costs of cross- border 
transactions. 
Settlement and Delivery on NYSE Euronext 
NYSE Euronext Paris is the market of reference for all Gold Bullion Securities traded on Euronext markets of 
Belgium, France and the Netherlands. Thus, pursuant to ESES procedure, all trades of Gold Bullion 
Securities listed on NYSE Euronext Paris or Euronext Brussels will be executed on the single order book held 
at NYSE Euronext Paris and settled and cleared in the manner as described below. 
All Gold Bullion Securities traded on NYSE Euronext Paris or Euronext Brussels will be recorded in the 
Register in the name of Euroclear France and held beneficially for persons who have bought through NYSE 
Euronext Paris or NYSE Euronext Brussels. For those persons Euroclear will maintain its own record of 
holders (“French sub-register”). All Gold Bullion Securities traded on NYSE Euronext Paris, NYSE or

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
NYSE Euronext Brussels benefit from the ESES procedure and will be settled and cleared through the 
normal Euroclear systems. Market-makers and other account holders at Euroclear will be permitted to 
transfer securities between the Register and the French sub-register and any other sub-registers applicable 
to other markets which Gold Bullion Securities may be admitted to trading and thereby be able to move 
securities between the London Stock Exchange, such other markets and NYSE Euronext. 
For the purposes of discharging any obligations under the Gold Bullion Securities held through Euroclear 
France, the Company will treat Euroclear France (or such other Euroclear company) as the single security 
holder of such Gold Bullion Securities and the holders recorded in the French sub-register must look to 
Euroclear France to receive any and all entitlements under such Gold Bullion Securities. 
Settlement and Delivery on the ETFplus market of the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. 
All Gold Bullion Securities traded on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. will be recorded in the Register in the name of 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. and held beneficially for persons who have bought through the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. For 
those persons Monte Titoli S.p.A. will maintain its own record of holders (“Italian sub-register”). All Gold 
Bullion Securities traded on the Borsa Italiana S.p.A. are eligible for settlement through the normal Monte 
Titoli S.p.A. settlement systems on the deposit accounts opened with Monte Titoli S.p.A. Market- makers 
and other account holders at Monte Titoli S.p.A. will be permitted to transfer securities between the Register 
and the Italian sub-register and any other sub-registers applicable to other markets to which the Gold Bullion 
Securities may be admitted to trading and thereby be able to move securities between the London Stock 
Exchange, such other markets and Monte Titoli S.p.A. 
For the purposes of discharging any obligations under the Gold Bullion Securities held through Monte Titoli 
S.p.A., the Company will treat Monte Titoli S.p.A. as the single security holder of such Gold Bullion Securities 
and the holders recorded in the Italian sub-register must look to Monte Titoli S.p.A. to receive any and all 
entitlement under such Gold Bullion Securities. 
Settlement and Delivery on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) 
 
Non-Collective Safe Custody 
For the purpose of good delivery of the Gold Bullion Securities on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, settlement 
and delivery may also take place through Clearstream Banking AG (“Clearstream”) and a chain of 
custodians. Security Holders will receive a credit in securities account (Gutschrift in Wertpapierrechnung) 
for the securities in their securities account with the respective custodian bank.  
Unless otherwise agreed, the Company will treat the Nominee as one single security holder so far as 
fractional rights and entitlements are concerned. 
Cash Payments and Exercise of Subscription Rights and Other Rights 
Cash payments are credited to Clearstream’s cash account with the German Custodian and paid by 
Clearstream to the respective co-owners. 
Redemption and Payment in gold 
For a co-owner to request redemption and payment in gold by the Company he must demand that 
Clearstream arrange for his registration in the Register of the number of Gold Bullion Securities 
corresponding to his co-ownership share or any portion thereof in the Global Bearer Certificate. The co- 
owner who thus becomes a Security Holder may then (like any other Security Holder) demand redemption 
of the Gold Bullion Securities and payment in cash (according to the “Gold Sale Method” as described in this 
Prospectus) or in gold (according to the “Gold Delivery Method” as described in this Prospectus). Should 
the Security Holder demand payment in gold he must provide the Company with a redemption notice 
specifying an unallocated gold account with an LBMA member clearing bank in London to which the gold shall 
be transferred and must pay the Redemption Fee. The Company will then instruct the Custodian to transfer 
the gold to the account designated by the Security Holder. 
Clearstream Banking AG 
Clearstream is a company that was incorporated on 12 July 1949 in Frankfurt under the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
Clearstream is a regulated credit institution under the German Banking Act and licensed as the German 
Central Securities Depository pursuant to the German Securities Deposit Act, i.e. a professional depository 
that holds securities for its customers and facilitates the clearance and settlement of securities transactions 
among them through electronic book-entry transfers between their accounts, thereby eliminating the need 
for physical movement of the securities. Clearstream also provides other services to its customers, including 
safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities 
lending and borrowing. Clearstream’s customers are worldwide financial institutions, including underwriters, 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. 
Clearstream conducts its business in the legal form of a German stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft), 
registered in the commercial register at the local court in Frankfurt under number HRB 7500, and with 
registered office at MainMergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Federal Republic of Germany. 
Supply and Inspection of Documents in Germany 
For the duration of the Programme or so long as any Gold Bullion Securities remain outstanding, copies of 
this Prospectus (or any replacement prospectus), the German translation of the summary hereto and all 
financial information as well as the contracts required to be disclosed by the Company pursuant to the 
applicable rules will be available for inspection during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, 
Sundays and public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Bank, and a copy of the documents 
referred above may be requested by contacting the Bank. 
The Documents 
The transaction documents, being the primary documents which set out the terms and conditions relating to 
the Gold Bullion Securities and the holding of Secured Gold, comprise: 
(a) 
the Trust Instrument; 
(b) 
the Security Deed; 
(c) 
the Custodian Agreements; 
(d) 
the Service Agreement; 
(e) 
the Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement; 
(f) 
the Receipts Account Agreement; and 
(g) 
the Registrar Agreement. 
See Part 6 (Description of the Documents) for a summary of such transaction documents and of the 
Administration Agreement.  
The documents listed at (a), (b) and (d) above are available at the Company’s website at 
www.wisdomtree.eu. 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus and 
other than the published audit reports and audited accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2022, no other documents, including the contents of any websites or web pages 
referred to in this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the 
Prospectus Regulation Rules 
UCITS and CIS 
United Kingdom 
The Company has received legal advice that UCITS Schemes will be able to invest in Gold Bullion Securities 
and that the Gold Bullion Securities constitute transferable securities and are not an investment in gold. The 
Company has also received advice that the Gold Bullion Securities do not constitute an interest in a 
collective investment scheme. 
On a redemption UCITS Schemes will need to take into account the restriction on such schemes holding gold. 
Accordingly, UCITS Schemes will need to opt for the Gold Sale Method as opposed to the Gold Delivery 
Method. 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
The Luxembourg regulatory authority has indicated that it considers investments in the Gold Bullion 
Securities to constitute eligible investments for a UCITS under the terms of article 41(1)(a) of the law dated 
20 December, 2002 relating to undertakings for collective investment, which provides that such a UCITS 
may invest in transferable securities and money market instruments listed on or dealt in a regulated market. 
The Luxembourg regulatory authority noted that the Gold Bullion Securities are transferable securities listed 
on the stock exchanges of London and Paris and do not give rise to any physical delivery of gold. 
Money Laundering Regulations 
The verification of identity requirements of Jersey’s anti-money laundering laws and regulations and/or any 
subsequent equivalent legislation will apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of the 
Applicant(s) for Gold Bullion Securities may be required. The anti-money laundering laws and regulations of 
other jurisdictions may also apply to the Programme and verification of the identity of the Applicant(s). 
By lodging an Application Form or lodging an Application through the System, each Applicant confirms that 
it is subject to the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008 (as amended from time to time) (in relation to 
Jersey), the Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) 
Regulations 2017 (in relation to the UK) and/or any other applicable anti-money laundering laws and 
regulations and/or undertakes to provide such other evidence of identity as is required by the Company or 
the Custodian at the time of lodging the Application Form or deposit of gold into the Subscription Unallocated 
Account or, at the absolute discretion of the Company, at such specified time thereafter as may be requested 
to ensure compliance with the Money Laundering (Jersey) Order 2008, the Money Laundering, Terrorist 
Financing and Transfer of Funds (Information on the Payer) Regulations 2017 and/or any other applicable 
legislation. 
R&H is entitled, in its absolute discretion, to determine whether the verification of identity requirements apply 
to any Applicant and whether such requirements have been satisfied. Neither the Company nor R&H shall 
be responsible or liable to any person for any loss or damage suffered as a result of the exercise of their 
discretion hereunder. 
No Application will be accepted by the Company unless evidence of such Applicant’s identity satisfactory to 
the Company and its agents is provided. If an Applicant fails to satisfy this requirement, any gold transferred 
in respect of the Application will be returned. 
Listing and Trading of Gold Bullion Securities 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for all Gold Bullion Securities issued during the period of 12 
months from the date of this prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. 
The admission to trading on Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors should be aware that there is 
no trading facility for Gold Bullion Securities there. 
Application has also been made to the FCA for all Gold Bullion Securities issued within 12 months of the 
date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List, and to the London Stock Exchange, for all such 
Gold Bullion Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. 
Investors should be aware that such admission to the UK Official List and trading on the Main Market are 
not offers made under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and 
admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
Gold Bullion Securities have been admitted to listing on Euronext Paris since 7 November 2005, the 
ETFplus market of the Borsa Italiana since 20 April 2007, the Regulated Market (General Standard) 
(Regulierter Markt [General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) 
since 25 April 2007 and Euronext Brussels since 22 October 2013.  
Use of Proceeds 
The estimated net amount of the proceeds of any particular issue of Gold Bullion Securities will be specified 
in the applicable final terms. Such proceeds will be delivered to a Secured Gold Account and used as part 
of the security for the Gold Bullion Securities.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
PART 6 
DESCRIPTION OF THE DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of the Trust Instrument, the Custodian Agreements, the Service Agreement, the 
Security Deed, the Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement, the Receipts Account Agreement, the 
Administration Agreement and the Registrar Agreement. Each of these documents is available for 
inspection by Security Holders and potential investors at the registered office of the Company, Ordnance 
House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, during normal business hours on any weekday 
(Saturdays and public holidays excepted). 
The summaries below are drafted in legal language, however, details on how each of the documents 
impacts on Security Holders is contained throughout this Prospectus including in Part 1 (Information on the 
Company, ManJer and Gold Bullion Securities) and Part 4 (Description of the Gold Bullion Securities). 
Trust Instrument 
The Gold Bullion Securities are constituted by the Trust Instrument, which is governed by Jersey law, and 
secured by the Security Deed, which is governed by English law. Under the terms of the Trust Instrument 
the Trustee may (subject to certain conditions) delegate all or any of its trusts, rights, powers, authorities, 
duties and discretions in respect of the Gold Bullion Securities upon such terms and subject to such 
conditions and regulations as the Trustee may in the interests of the Security Holders think fit. 
The Trustee, The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c., is a public limited company registered in England 
with number 1675231 whose registered office is at 8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate, London, EC2N 4AG and 
which was incorporated on 2 November 1982. 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or gross negligence, the Trustee has no liability under the Trust 
Instrument for a breach of trust and, save in such circumstances, the Trustee is not liable for any loss arising 
by reason of any mistake or omission by it or by reason of any other matter or thing including fraud, wilful 
misconduct, gross negligence or default of another director, officer or employee or Trustee. 
The Trustee is not liable for any Liability which may result from the exercise or non-exercise of its trusts, 
rights, powers, authorities, duties and discretions under the Documents. 
1. 
Transfer 
(a) 
Transfer: The Gold Bullion Securities are in registered form and transferable in integral multiples of 
US$0.00001. 
(b) 
Uncertificated Gold Bullion Securities: The Trust Instrument contains provisions enabling the Gold 
Bullion Securities to be held and transferred in uncertificated form by means of a paperless system in 
accordance with the Jersey Companies (Uncertificated Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999 (the 
“Regulations”). The Trustee may, without the consent of Security Holders, concur with the Company 
in making modifications to the provisions of the Trust Instrument in order to reflect changes in the 
Regulations or in the applicable law and practice relating to the holding or transfer of Gold Bullion 
Securities in uncertificated form. 
2. 
Registration 
The Company shall cause to be kept at its registered office or at such other place outside the United 
Kingdom as the Trustee may agree the Register showing the principal amount of the Gold Bullion 
Securities and the date of issue and any subsequent transfers and changes of ownership and the 
names and addresses of the Security Holders and the persons deriving title under them. 
3. 
Status and security 
(a) 
Status: The Gold Bullion Securities constitute direct and unconditional obligations of the Company 
secured as set out in (b) below and rank pari passu among themselves. 
(b) 
Security: The obligations of the Company under the Gold Bullion Securities and the Trust Instrument 
are secured by or pursuant to the Security Deed in favour of the Trustee for the Security Holders by 
a first ranking security interest over all the Company’s rights in relation to the Secured Property.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
4. 
Enforcement 
 
The Trustee may, at any time after the occurrence of a Defaulted Obligation, at its discretion, and shall, 
if so directed in writing by the Security Holder to whom such Defaulted Obligation is owed, the Trustee 
having first been indemnified to its satisfaction, take such proceedings and/or other action as it may 
think fit against or in relation to the Company to enforce any such obligation of the Company under 
the Trust Instrument and the Security constituted by the Security Deed in respect of the Gold Bullion 
Securities to which such Defaulted Obligation relates. 
 
The Trustee may at any time, if an Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, at its discretion, 
and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. of the 
aggregate face value of the Gold Bullion Securities then outstanding or an Extraordinary Resolution, 
the Trustee having first been indemnified to its satisfaction, take such proceedings and/or other action 
as it may think fit against or in relation to the Company to enforce any obligations of the Company 
under the Trust Instrument and under the Security constituted by the Security Deed in respect of all 
Gold Bullion Securities. 
5. 
Waiver, Authorisation and Determination 
The Trustee may, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, but only if and 
in so far as, in the opinion of the Trustee, the interests of the Security Holders will not be materially 
prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise any breach or proposed breach by the Company of any of the 
covenants or provisions of the Trust Instrument or the Security Deed, or determine that any Defaulted 
Obligation or Insolvency Event under the Trust Instrument shall not be treated as such, provided 
however that the Trustee shall not exercise such powers (a) with respect to a Defaulted Obligation, 
in contravention of any express direction given by the Security Holder to whom a Defaulted Obligation 
is owed, or (b) with respect to an Insolvency Event or any other breach or proposed breach by the 
Company of any of the covenants or provisions of the Trust Instrument, in contravention of any 
express direction given by an Extraordinary Resolution, but so that no such direction shall affect any 
waiver, authorisation or determination previously given or made. 
6. 
Removal, Retirement and Replacement of Trustee 
(a) 
The Trustee may retire at any time without assigning any reason upon giving not less than three 
months’ prior written notice to the Company. The Security Holders may by Extraordinary Resolution 
remove any trustee or trustees for the time being of the Trust Instrument. 
(b) 
The Company will use its reasonable endeavours to appoint a new Trustee as soon as reasonably 
practicable after the Trustee retires or is removed. 
7. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Gold Bullion Securities and the Trust Instrument are governed by the laws of Jersey. The Security 
Deed is governed by the laws of England. Notwithstanding the submission to the jurisdiction of the 
English courts contained in the Security Deed, nothing prevents the Trustee from commencing 
proceedings in any other competent jurisdiction. 
8. 
Trustee’s Liability 
Save in the case of fraud, wilful misconduct or negligence, the Trustee shall have no liability under the 
Trust Instrument for a breach of trust and save in such circumstances, no Trustee in execution of the 
trusts and powers under the Trust Instrument, shall be liable for any loss arising by reason of any 
mistake or omission by him or by reason of any other matter or thing including fraud, negligence or 
default of another director, officer or employee or Trustee. 
9. 
Amendments to Documents 
 
Pursuant to the Trust Instrument, subject to the provisions summarised in this Section 9 
(Amendments to Documents) the Company covenants that it shall not (and shall procure that neither 
Holdings nor the Custodian shall) amend, vary, modify or supplement any of the Documents without 
consent of the Trustee. 
 
The Company may by supplemental agreement or supplemental deed to the Trust Instrument (or any 
other Document, as applicable), amend any Document if one or more of the following applies: 
(i) 
in the opinion of the Company and the Trustee the amendment is necessary or desirable and 
is not materially prejudicial to the rights of Security Holders;

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
(ii) 
the terms of the amendment are authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of Security 
Holders passed in accordance with the Trust Instrument or a resolution in writing of holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate face value of the Gold Bullion Securities 
outstanding; 
(iii) 
the terms of the amendment are necessary or desirable in the opinion of the Company and 
the Trustee to comply with any statutory or other requirement of law (including as modified 
or applied in any respect to the Gold Bullion Securities) or any Listing Rules or to rectify any 
inconsistency, technical defect, manifest error or ambiguity in the terms of such Document; 
and 
(iv) 
in the opinion of the Trustee, the amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to 
correct a manifest or proven error. 
 
The Company shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in 
Section 9(b)(i) by publishing a notice on the RNS at least 30 days prior to such amendment becoming 
effective. 
 
The Company shall notify all Security Holders of a proposed amendment as referred to in 
Section 9(b)(ii) and (iii) by publishing a notice on the RNS as soon as practicable after such 
amendment is proposed and in any event, upon such amendment becoming effective. 
 
Notwithstanding any provision of the Trust Instrument to the contrary as referred to in this Section 9 
(Amendments to Documents) or in any other Document, the power to assent to any modification or 
amendment to the provision of any Document which modifies the power to amend such Document 
shall require a unanimous resolution in writing of holders of the Gold Bullion Securities then 
outstanding. 
10. 
Application of Money and Gold 
All moneys and gold received by the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Instrument will be held by the Trustee 
upon trust to apply them (subject to such moneys and/or gold having been invested by the Trustee in 
accordance with Clause 12 of the Trust Instrument): 
FIRST in payment or satisfaction of all amounts then due and unpaid under Clause 16 (Remuneration and 
Indemnification of Trustee) and/or Clause 17(J) (indemnity in favour of the Trustee) of the Trust Instrument 
to the Trustee and/or any attorney, manager, agent, delegate or other person appointed by the Trustee 
under the Trust Instrument, and to the payment of any remuneration and expenses of any Receiver (as 
defined in the Trust Instrument) and the costs of realisation of the Security; 
SECONDLY in or towards payment or performance pari passu and rateably of all amounts then and unpaid 
and all obligations due to be performed and unperformed in respect of the Gold Bullion Securities; and 
THIRDLY in payment of the balance (if any) to the Company (without prejudice to, or liability in respect of, 
any question as to how such payment to the Company shall be dealt with as between the Company and any 
other person). 
11. 
Conditions of Gold Bullion Securities 
The Gold Bullion Securities will, in addition to the provisions of the Trust Instrument, be subject to the 
following terms and conditions: 
A. 
NO INTEREST OR FINAL MATURITY DATE 
 
The Gold Bullion Securities do not bear interest and have no final maturity date. 
B. 
REDEMPTION OF THE GOLD BULLION SECURITIES 
B.1 
Redemption 
 
Each Gold Bullion Security shall carry a right on redemption to payment in gold of an amount equal to 
the Per Security Entitlement to Gold on the applicable Redemption Date, provided that if such Gold 
Bullion Security is to be redeemed using the Gold Sale Method, the Company shall redeem such Gold 
Bullion Security by payment in cash of an amount equal to the value of the Per Security Entitlement 
to Gold. For this purpose the “value” of the Per Security Entitlement to Gold shall be determined as an 
amount equal to the gross proceeds of sale actually realised by the Company from selling gold equal

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
to the Per Security Entitlement to Gold on the Redemption Date in accordance with the terms of the 
Gold Sale Method. 
 
A Security Holder may at any time redeem all or part of its holding of Securities by lodging with the 
Company a Redemption Notice in the form prescribed by the Company and in accordance with 
Condition 2.1 (Redemption) (as summarised in this Section B.1 (Redemption)). 
 
A Redemption Notice: 
(i) 
must contain an election by the relevant Security Holder as to: 
(A)  
the number of Gold Bullion Securities the Security Holder wishes to redeem; and 
(B)  
the Redemption Method applicable to those Gold Bullion Securities; 
(ii) 
must specify an intended Redemption Date in respect of the Gold Bullion Securities 
specified in the Redemption Notice, being no earlier than, if such Redemption Notice is 
lodged prior to the T+2 Implementation Date or in any case in which the Gold Sale Method 
applies, the third Business Day after such date or, if such Redemption Notice is lodged 
on or after the T+2 Implementation Date and the Gold Delivery Method applies, the 
second Business Day after such date; 
(iii) 
must be lodged by the relevant Security Holder with the Company before 3.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the date which is at least, if such Redemption Notice is lodged by the 
relevant Security Holder with the Company prior to the T+2 Implementation Date or in any 
case in which the Gold Sale Method applies, three Business Day before the intended 
Redemption Date or, if such Redemption Notice is lodged by the relevant Security Holder 
with the Company on or after the T+2 Implementation Date and the Gold Delivery Method 
applies, two Business Day before the intended Redemption Date; 
(iv) 
if the relevant Security Holder elects the Gold Delivery Method, must specify the 
unallocated gold account of such Security Holder with an LBMA member clearing bank in 
London to which gold shall be transferred; 
(v) 
if the relevant Security Holder elects the Gold Sale Method, must specify an account of 
such Security Holder to which payment of the gross proceeds of sale from the sale of gold 
(less any Sale Costs which may be set-off in accordance with Condition 2.2(c) (as 
summarised in Section B.2(c) below)) shall be made; 
(vi) 
must be accompanied by the Redemption Fee referred to in Condition 2.2 (Redemption 
Fee and Sale Costs) (as summarised in Section B.2 (Redemption Fee and Sale Costs) 
below); and 
(vii) 
is irrevocable once it has been given to the Company. 
 
Redemption Notices lodged with the Company after 3:00 p.m. (London time) on a Business Day or 
lodged with the Company on a day which is not a Business Day will be deemed to be lodged on the 
following Business Day. 
 
Upon receipt by the Company of a valid Redemption Notice from a Security Holder in relation to any 
Gold Bullion Securities, the Company shall do all things necessary to give effect to the Redemption 
Instructions as required by Condition 2 (Redemption of the Securities) (as summarised in this 
Section B (Redemption of the Gold Bullion Securities) above). 
 
Until the time, if ever, of receipt by the Company of a valid Redemption Notice specifying the Gold 
Sale Method, the Redemption Method applicable to all Gold Bullion Securities shall be the Gold 
Delivery Method. 
 
If there is more than one Approved Counterparty then for purposes of any exercise of the Gold Sale 
Method in respect of any Gold Bullion Securities, the Company may designate the Approved 
Counterparty to which gold shall be sold and shall notify the Trustee of such designation by way of a 
Company Redemption Notification (as defined in and given in accordance with the Security Deed). 
B.2  Redemption Fee and Sale Costs 
 
It is a condition to the performance by the Company of the Redemption Obligations in respect of the 
redemption of any Gold Bullion Securities, that the holder of such Gold Bullion Securities pays to the

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
Company the Redemption Fee in respect of such redemption in accordance with Condition 2.8 
(Redemption Fee) as summarised in Section B.8 (Redemption Fee) below. 
 
It is a condition to the performance by the Company of the Gold Sales Method in respect of the 
redemption of any Gold Bullion Securities, that the holder of such Gold Bullion Securities pays to the 
Company the Sale Costs in respect of such redemption. 
 
The Company may set off any amount payable to the Company in accordance with Condition 2.2(b) 
(as summarised in Section B.2(b) above) by the holder of Gold Bullion Securities in respect of Sale 
Costs against the amount payable in accordance with Condition 2.1(a) (as summarised in 
Section B.1(a) above) by the Company to such holder. 
B.3 
Application of the Gold Delivery Method or Gold Sale Method 
 
The Gold Delivery Method in respect of the redemption of any Gold Bullion Securities will apply unless 
the holder of such Gold Bullion Securities has elected for the Gold Sale Method to apply by returning 
a completed valid Redemption Notice which specifies the Gold Sale Method. 
 
The Gold Sale Method will apply if: 
(i) 
the Gold Delivery Method applies but through no fault of the Company any gold to which the 
holder of such Gold Bullion Security is entitled on redemption is not successfully delivered and 
is not claimed by such holder within 30 days of attempted delivery being made; or 
(ii) 
the holder of such Gold Bullion Security has elected the Gold Sale Method on its Redemption 
Notice. 
B.4 
Gold Delivery Method 
 
If the Gold Delivery Method in respect of the redemption of any Gold Bullion Securities applies the 
Company will request that the Trustee instruct the Custodian to transfer gold in an amount equal to 
the Combined Entitlement to Gold of such Gold Bullion Securities on the Redemption Date from the 
Secured Gold Accounts to an unallocated gold account of the relevant Security Holder with a LBMA 
clearing bank member in London as designated by such Security Holder, to be delivered to such 
account on the Redemption Date and otherwise in accordance with the Redemption Instructions, 
provided that the Redemption Fee has been paid to the Company. 
 
From the relevant Redemption Date, all title to and risks in such gold passes to the holder of such 
Gold Bullion Securities. Neither the Trustee nor the Company shall be responsible or liable for any 
failure by the Custodian to effect a delivery of gold in accordance with the instructions of the Trustee. 
However, in the event of such failure, the Company shall to the extent practicable assign to the 
redeeming Security Holder its claims in relation to such gold in satisfaction of all claims of such 
Security Holder in respect of the Gold Bullion Securities to be redeemed and the Security Holder shall 
have no further claims against the Company or the Secured Property. 
 
The Redemption Obligations will be satisfied by transferring such gold in accordance with the 
Redemption Instructions of the holder of such Gold Bullion Securities. 
B.5 
Gold Sale Method 
 
If the Gold Sale Method is applicable to any redemption of Gold Bullion Securities and in order to 
determine the value of the Combined Entitlement to Gold of any such Gold Bullion Securities being 
redeemed: 
(i) 
(A) 
the Trustee will (on behalf of the Company) give to an Approved Counterparty notice to sell 
gold to the Relevant Approved Counterparty in an amount equal to the Combined Entitlement 
to Gold of such Gold Bullion Securities in the London AM Fix pursuant to a Gold Sale 
Counterparty Agreement, such sale to be concluded by 12:00 midday (London time) one 
Business Day prior to the Redemption Date; and 
(B) 
the Company will request that the Trustee instruct the Custodian to withdraw from the 
Secured Gold Accounts such gold and to transfer the same to the Approved 
Counterparty in settlement of such sale on the Redemption Date.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(ii) 
The Relevant Approved Counterparty will be instructed to remit the gross proceeds of sale realised 
from such sale (less any Sale Costs which may be set off in accordance with Condition 2.2(c) (as 
summarised in Section B.2(c) below)) to the Receipts Account or, as the case may be, any account 
of the relevant Security Holder notified to the Company, in accordance with its Redemption 
Instructions. 
 
If the Gold Sale Method applies: 
(i) 
the Company will request the Trustee to instruct the Custodian to deliver such gold from the 
Secured Gold Accounts to the Gold Sale Counterparty Account against payment of the gross 
proceeds of sale realised from such sale (less any Sale Costs which may be set-off in 
accordance with Condition 2.2(c)) to the Receipts Account or to the account of the relevant 
Security Holder specified in the Redemption Notice; 
(ii) 
in the event that the Relevant Approved Counterparty fails to settle the trade for the sale of 
such gold according to the terms of the transaction under the Gold Sale Counterparty 
Agreement the liability of the Company to redeem such Gold Bullion Securities for cash shall 
be reduced by the amount of the deficiency in the payment received from the Relevant 
Approved Counterparty provided however, that the Company will ensure that the amount paid 
into the account of the relevant Security Holder, as the case may be, shall be not less than 
US$0.01; provided further that in such circumstances, the Company (with the consent of the 
Trustee) may assign its rights under such transaction to the relevant Security Holder, at which 
time the Gold Bullion Securities being redeemed shall be cancelled; 
(iii) 
the holder of such Gold Bullion Securities acknowledges and agrees that: 
(A) 
such gold will be sold on a best efforts basis to a Relevant Approved Counterparty; 
(B) 
the holder of such Gold Bullion Securities agrees to accept the price actually obtained for the 
sale of gold in relation to such Gold Bullion Securities, to the extent paid by the Relevant 
Approved Counterparty; 
(C) 
the Company makes no representations or warranties as to the price at which gold will be 
sold or the amount of the gross proceeds of sale realised from such sale; and 
(D) 
neither the Company nor the Trustee shall be liable for any failure by a Relevant Approved 
Counterparty to perform its obligations in respect of any sale of gold pursuant to any 
transaction under a Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement. 
B.6 
Compulsory Redemption by the Company 
 
The Company may in its absolute discretion decide to redeem all (but not some only) of the Gold 
Bullion Securities in accordance with Condition 2.6 (Compulsory Redemption by the Company) 
(as summarised in this Section B.6) and will be entitled to determine the Redemption Date for 
that purpose which shall be a date not less than 30 days following the Company giving notice of 
its intention to require such redemption to each Security Holder. The Company may determine 
in its discretion whether Gold Bullion Securities so redeemed shall be redeemed in gold or in cash 
(or both), and hence whether the Gold Delivery Method or the Gold Sale Method (or both) shall 
apply. 
 
A notice of redemption given pursuant to Condition 2.6(a) (Compulsory Redemption by the 
Company) (as summarised in Section B.6(a) above) shall specify the manner in which delivery 
and/or payment instructions may be given by such Security Holder. 
B.7 
Compulsory Redemption by the Trustee 
 
If an Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee may at any time, at its 
discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per 
cent. of the aggregate face value of the Gold Bullion Securities then outstanding or an 
Extraordinary Resolution, the Trustee having first been indemnified to its satisfaction, give 
notice to the Company that the Gold Bullion Securities are required to be redeemed on the date 
falling 20 Business Days from the giving of such notice, whereupon the Company shall be 
obliged to redeem the Gold Bullion Securities on such date in gold or cash (or both) in 
accordance with the Gold Delivery Method or the Gold Sale Method (or both).

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
The Company may, by notice to the Security Holders prior to the Redemption Date, specify 
whether the Gold Bullion Securities redeemed pursuant to Condition 2.7 (Compulsory 
Redemption by the Trustee) (as summarised in Section B.7 (Compulsory Redemption by the 
Trustee)) shall be redeemed in gold or cash or both, and whether the Gold Delivery Method or 
the Gold Sale Method (or both) shall apply together with the manner in which delivery and/or 
payment instructions may be given by Security Holders. If the Company fails to give such notice, 
it shall be obliged to redeem all Gold Bullion Securities in cash and shall pay such redemption 
moneys to the Security Holders as they direct in writing. 
B.8 
Redemption Fee 
 
On a redemption of Gold Bullion Securities at the request of the Security Holder, a redemption 
fee shall be payable by such Security Holder to the Company of US$750 (including VAT), 
regardless of the number of Gold Bullion Securities being redeemed. No such fee is payable 
in the case of a compulsory redemption of Gold Bullion Securities by the Company or the 
Trustee. 
 
The Company shall be entitled to vary the amount of the Redemption Fee from time to time by 
giving not less than 3 months' notice of such variation. Such notice shall be given by publication 
through the RNS. 
B.9 
Notices 
 
All notices required or permitted to be given to a Security Holder under the Trust Instrument or 
pursuant to any other Document shall be made by publication through the RNS. 
 
All notices required or permitted to be given by Security Holders to the Company under the Trust 
Instrument or pursuant to any other Document must be in writing. Such notices may be sent to 
the Secretary of the Company by electronic mail to etfsjersey@fundadminstrators.com or 
facsimile to +44 1534 825 230 and shall be treated as being duly given upon being actually 
received by the Company. 
Custodian Agreements 
The Custodian has been appointed to hold the Secured Gold pursuant to the terms of the Custodian 
Agreements, by which the Secured Gold Accounts have been established. Further information about the 
Custodian and the storage and insurance of the Secured Gold is set out under the headings “Custody of 
Secured Gold”, “Storage and Insurance of Gold Bullion” and “The Custodian” in Part 4 (Description of the 
Gold Bullion Securities). 
The Custodian and any of its affiliates may from time to time purchase or sell Gold Bullion Securities for their 
own account, as agent for their customers and for accounts over which they exercise investment discretion. 
The Custodian Agreements contain provisions limiting the liability of the Custodian and indemnities in favour 
of the Custodian which are restricted to exclude matters arising by reason of loss or damage arising as a 
direct result of fraud, negligence or wilful default by the Custodian in the performance of its duties. Subject 
as provided below, the Custodian may make use of sub-custodians and depositories in the exercise of its 
functions. 
The Custodian does not warrant the contents of this Prospectus, nor is it involved in the management, 
administration or net asset value calculation of the Gold Bullion Securities. 
The following is a summary of the Custodian Agreements. 
1. 
Secured Gold Accounts 
(a) 
The Custodian will open and maintain the Secured Gold Accounts in the name of the Trustee. The 
Secured Gold Accounts shall evidence and record the gold held by the Custodian as well as the 
withdrawals from and deposits to that account. Each Secured Gold Account will be denominated in fine 
troy ounces of gold. 
(b) 
The Custodian will provide reports by fax or by e-mail (at the option of the party receiving such reports) 
to the Company and the Trustee by the close of each Business Day (only if there have been any 
changes) identifying movements on Secured Gold Accounts and such additional reports as may be 
agreed from time to time. The Custodian retains the right to reverse recording errors with 
retrospective effect.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
(c) 
The Custodian acknowledges that, pursuant to the Security Deed, the Company has assigned by way 
of first legal mortgage to the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the Security Holders all its rights, title 
and interest, present and future, in and to all gold credited to the Secured Gold Accounts and all the 
rights of the Company in respect of the Secured Gold Accounts, including the rights of the Company 
in the Secured Allocated Account Agreement and the Secured Unallocated Account Agreement, such 
assignment to take effect by way of first fixed security. 
2. 
Deposits  
Notice of an intended deposit into a Secured Gold Account must be given by the Company to the Custodian 
(with a copy to the Trustee) no later than 3:00 p.m. (London time) one Business Day prior to the date when 
such gold is to be deposited into such Secured Gold Account. 
The Custodian is required to use commercially reasonable endeavours to complete the transfer of gold from 
the Secured Unallocated Account to the Secured Allocated Account on the day of receipt in the Secured 
Unallocated Account. 
3. 
Withdrawals 
The Custodian may amend the procedure for withdrawing gold from the Secured Gold Accounts or impose 
additional procedures as it considers appropriate. 
Once a withdrawal of gold from the Secured Allocated Account is requested, such gold must be de-allocated 
for purposes of crediting it to an unallocated gold account. 
4. 
Instructions 
(a) 
The Company, the Trustees and the Custodian have agreed that only the Trustee shall have the right 
to give instructions to the Custodian for withdrawal of gold from the Secured Allocated Account or the 
Secured Unallocated Account, whether by way of de-allocation or by way of collection or delivery, 
credit or debit. 
(b) 
If, in the Custodian’s opinion, any instructions are unclear or ambiguous, the Custodian shall use 
reasonable endeavours (taking into account any relevant time constraints) to obtain clarification of 
those instructions from the Trustee (but not from the Company) and, failing that, the Custodian may 
in its absolute discretion and without any liability on its part, act upon what the Custodian believes in 
good faith such instructions to be or refuse to take any action or execute such instructions until any 
ambiguity or conflict has been resolved to the Custodian’s satisfaction. 
5. 
Custody Services 
The Custodian is appointed as the custodian of the gold credited to the Secured Gold Accounts in 
accordance with the Custodian Agreements. The Custodian will segregate gold credited to the Secured 
Allocated Account from any other gold which it owns or holds for others by entering appropriate entries in 
its books and records, and will require any sub-custodians it appoints to so segregate such gold. The 
Custodian will identify in its books the Trustee as the legal mortgagee of the gold credited to the Secured 
Gold Accounts. Unless otherwise agreed between the Trustee and the Custodian Secured Gold will be held 
at the Custodian’s London vault premises or, when gold has been allocated in a vault other than the 
Custodian’s London vault premises, by or for any sub-custodian permitted as described in paragraph 6 
below. The Custodian agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts promptly to transport any gold held 
for the Company by or for a sub-custodian to the Custodian’s London vault premises at its own cost and 
risk. 
6. 
Sub-Custodians 
The Custodian may appoint sub-custodians solely for the temporary custody and safekeeping of gold until 
transported to the Custodian’s London vault premises, unless otherwise agreed between the Trustee and the 
Custodian. The Secured Allocated Account Agreement requires the Custodian to use reasonable care in the 
selection of those sub-custodians and provided that it shall not be liable for any act or omission, or for the 
solvency, of any sub-custodian it appoints unless the appointment of that sub-custodian was made by it 
negligently or in bad faith. The only sub- custodians which the Custodian has currently appointed to perform 
such duties will be those custodians which are members of the LBMA, namely, in addition to the Custodian, 
Malca-Amit Commodities Ltd, The Bank of England, The Bank of Nova Scotia (ScotiaMocatta), ICBC Standard 
Bank, JPMorganChase Bank, N.A. and UBS AG.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
7. 
Fees and Expenses 
The Company is required to pay such fees as are agreed with the Custodian, calculated daily as a 
percentage of the aggregate value of the number of ounces of gold held in the Secured Allocated Account. In 
addition, the Company is required to pay on demand all costs, charges and expenses (including any relevant 
taxes, duties and legal fees but excluding fees for storage and insurance of gold and any fees and expenses 
of sub-custodians, which are covered by the fee above) incurred by the Custodian in connection with the 
performance of its duties and obligations under the Secured Allocated Account Agreement and the Secured 
Unallocated Account Agreement or otherwise in connection with the gold credited to the Secured Gold 
Accounts. The Custodian may also make certain deductions from payments to be made to the Company, 
where required by the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA). 
8. 
Value Added Tax 
All sums payable under the Custodian Agreements by the Company to the Custodian shall be deemed to 
be inclusive of VAT. 
9. 
Scope of Responsibility 
(a) 
General: The Custodian will use reasonable care in the performance of its duties under the Custodian 
Agreements and will only be responsible for any loss or damage suffered as a direct result of any 
negligence, fraud or wilful default by it in the performance of its duties, and in which case its liability 
will not exceed the market value of Secured Gold lost or damaged at the time that such negligence, 
fraud or wilful default is discovered by the Custodian. 
The Custodian is under no duty or obligation to make or take, or require any sub-custodian it appoints 
to make or take, any special arrangements or precautions beyond those required by any applicable 
rules of the LBMA, the Bank of England or any other applicable regulatory authority. 
(b) 
Insurance: The Custodian will maintain such insurance in connection with its custodial obligations 
under the Custodian Agreements as it considers appropriate, and it shall be responsible for all costs, 
fees and expenses in relation thereto. 
(c) 
Force majeure: The Custodian shall not be liable for any delay in performance, or for the non-
performance of any of its obligations under the Custodian Agreements by reason of any cause beyond 
the Custodian’s reasonable control. This includes any act of God or war or terrorism or any breakdown, 
malfunction or failure of transmission, communication or computer facilities, industrial action, acts 
and regulations of any governmental or supra national bodies or authorities or regulatory or self-
regulatory organisation, for any reason, to perform its obligations. 
(d) 
Indemnity: The Company has indemnified the Custodian against all costs and expenses, damages, 
liabilities and losses which it may suffer or incur, directly or indirectly in connection with the Custodian 
Agreements except to the extent that such sums are due directly to the Custodian’s negligence, wilful 
default or fraud. 
10. 
Termination 
The Trustee and the Custodian may each terminate any Custodian Agreement by giving not less than 90 
days’ written notice to the other. 
If arrangements have not been made for the redelivery of the gold held in the Secured Gold Accounts within 
six months of the termination date specified in the termination notice, the Custodian will be entitled to sell 
such gold and account to the Trustee, in the case of the Secured Accounts, or the Company, in the case of 
the Subscription Unallocated Account, for the proceeds after deducting any amounts due to the Custodian 
under the Custodian Agreements. Termination shall not affect rights and obligations then outstanding under 
the Custodian Agreements which shall continue to be governed by the Custodian Agreements until all 
obligations have been fully performed. 
11. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
Each Custodian Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law and the 
Company agrees that the English courts are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims which may 
arise out of or in connection with any Custodian Agreement.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
Service Agreement 
The Service Agreement between the Company and ManJer sets out terms on which ManJer undertakes to 
provide services to the Company in connection with the Gold Bullion Securities. The following is a summary 
of that document: 
1. 
Services 
In consideration for payment by the Company to ManJer of the Service Fee, ManJer undertakes to be 
responsible for: 
(a) 
supplying all management and administration services for the Company; and 
(b) 
paying all the management and administration costs of the Company. 
ManJer may delegate to other entities certain of its duties and functions under the Service Agreement. 
2. 
Termination 
The Service Agreement may be terminated by ManJer or the Company on three months’ written notice. 
3. 
Service Fee 
(a) 
In consideration for the services to be provided by ManJer, the Company shall pay to ManJer a 
monthly service fee equal to the Gold Sales Charge plus any Creation Fees and Redemption Fees 
received by the Company less the Company’s own expenses in administering the Programme. 
ManJer has delegated to WisdomTree (UK) Limited (formerly ETF Securities (UK) Limited, an affiliate 
company registered in England and Wales with registered number 7443535 and whose registered 
office is at 1 King William Street, London EC4N 7AF certain of its duties and functions under the 
Services Agreement including the provision of additional marketing and back-office support functions. 
(b) 
The Service Fee will be paid by the Company to ManJer at the end of each month during the term of 
the Service Agreement, provided that the Trustee agrees to transfer gold in an amount of the Gold 
Sales Charge for such month to the Company in accordance with the provisions of the Security Deed. 
Security Deed 
1. 
Assignment and Charge 
(a) 
Assignment: The Company with full title guarantee and as continuing security for the payment or 
discharge of all sums owing by or obligations of the Company to the Trustee or the Security Holders 
from time to time under the Gold Bullion Securities, the Trust Instrument or the Security Deed (the 
“Secured Liabilities”), assigns by way of first legal mortgage to the Trustee for the benefit of itself 
and the Security Holders all the Company’s rights, title and interest, present and future, in and to the 
Secured Property, such assignment to take effect by way of first fixed security. 
(b) 
Negative Covenant: The Company shall (save as expressly provided in the Security Deed) not 
pledge, charge or otherwise deal with the Secured Property or any right or benefit either present or 
future arising under or in respect of the Security Property or any part thereof or any interest therein 
or purport to do so. 
(c) 
No Exercise of Rights: No payment or transfer out of either of the Secured Gold Accounts may be 
made without the express consent of the Trustee, which shall be given at the Trustee’s discretion. 
Such consent of the Trustee may be given in the form of a direction to the Custodian in accordance 
with the provisions of the Secured Allocated Account Agreement or the Secured Unallocated Account 
Agreement, as the case may be. The Trustee may, in its absolute discretion, direct that no payment or 
transfer out of either of the Secured Gold Accounts may be made. 
2. 
Instructions under a Counterparty Agreement 
(a) 
Notwithstanding the generality of the Security Deed or any Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement no 
transaction may be entered into pursuant to any Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement without the 
express consent of the Trustee, which shall be given at the Trustee’s discretion. The Trustee may, in 
its absolute discretion, direct that no transactions may be entered into with an Approved Counterparty. 
(b) 
No agreement for the sale of gold forming part of the Secured Property shall be entered into by the 
Company without the prior approval of the Trustee and subject to certain requirements, including, 
without limitation:

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
(i) 
the Trustee being a party to such agreement (solely in its capacity as legal mortgagee pursuant 
to the Security Deed); 
(ii) 
such agreement containing an acknowledgement by the parties that all right, title and interest 
of the Company are subject to the Security; and 
(iii) 
such agreement providing that the consideration for the sale of gold pursuant to such agreement 
shall be satisfied by payment in cash to the Receipts Account or the account of the redeeming 
Security Holder in respect of which such sale has been concluded, as directed by the Trustee. 
3. 
Payments out of the Secured Gold Accounts 
(a) 
If, in relation to a Company Redemption Notification (as defined in the Security Deed) in which election 
for the Gold Delivery Method is specified, the Trustee, in the exercise of its discretion under Clause 
3.4 of the Security Deed (as summarised below) determines that it is willing to allow gold to be 
transferred from the Secured Gold Accounts to satisfy the claims of the redeeming Security Holder in 
respect of the Gold Bullion Securities to be redeemed pursuant to such Redemption Notice, it will 
instruct the Custodian by 3:00 p.m. (London time) one Business Day after the Redemption Notice Date 
(as defined in the Security Deed) (by facsimile transmission or email, in accordance with the provisions 
of the Custodian Agreements) to: 
(i) 
deliver the Combined Entitlement to Gold of the Gold Bullion Securities to be redeemed from 
the Secured Unallocated Account to the Relevant Account (as defined in the Security Deed); 
and 
(ii) 
to the extent required to effect (i), withdraw gold from the Secured Allocated Account by way of 
de-allocation to the Secured Unallocated Account, 
such withdrawal and payment to take place on the Redemption Date. 
(b) 
In relation to a Company Redemption Notification in which election for the Gold Sale Method is made: 
(i) 
if, in the exercise of its discretion under Clause 3.4 of the Security Deed (as summarised in 
Section 2(a) above), the Trustee determines that it is willing to allow gold to be transferred from 
the Secured Gold Accounts in order to satisfy any transaction for the sale of gold to which its 
approval may be given as referred to in Clause 6.2 (b) of the Security Deed (and as 
summarised in Section 3(b)(ii) and (iii) below), it will, by 3:00 p.m. one Business Day after the 
Redemption Notice Date, instruct the Custodian (by facsimile transmission or email) to the 
extent required to effect any sale of gold to the Relevant Approved Counterparty, to withdraw 
gold from the Secured Allocated Account by way of de-allocation to the Secured Unallocated 
Account, such withdrawal to take place on the Redemption Date; and 
(ii) 
if, in the exercise of its discretion under Clause 5.1 of the Security Deed (as summarised in 
Section 2(a) above), the Trustee determines that it is willing to allow the Company to conclude 
a transaction for the sale of gold from the Secured Gold Accounts to effect the redemption to 
which a Company Redemption Notification relates, the Trustee will advise by 10:00 a.m. 
(London time) two Business Days after the Redemption Notice Date (by facsimile transmission 
or email) the Relevant Approved Counterparty nominated in the relevant Company 
Redemption Notification that the Company wishes to enter into a transaction pursuant to the 
relevant Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement on the terms set out in the Company Redemption 
Notification; and 
(iii) 
if, in the exercise of its discretion under Clause 3.4 of the Security Deed (as summarised in 
Section 2(a) above), the Trustee determines that it is willing to allow gold to be transferred from 
the Secured Unallocated Account in order to satisfy any transaction for the sale of gold to which 
its approval was given pursuant to Clause 6.2(b) of the Security Deed (as summarised in 
Section 3(b)(ii) above), and provided that the Trustee has received from the Relevant Approved 
Counterparty confirmation of such transaction satisfactory to the Trustee by 12:00 midday 
(London time), the Trustee will, by 3:00 p.m. (London time) two Business Days after the 
Redemption Notice Date, instruct the Custodian (by facsimile transmission or email, in 
accordance with the Custodian Agreements), to deliver the Combined Entitlement to Gold of the 
Gold Bullion Securities being redeemed from the Secured Unallocated Account to the Gold Sale 
Counterparty Account; and

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
(iv) 
if (a) the Trustee is so requested in the Company Redemption Notification and (b) in the 
exercise of its discretion under Clause 4.4 of the Security Deed (as summarised below), the 
Trustee determines that it is willing to allow moneys to be transferred from the Receipts Account 
in order to satisfy the claims of the redeeming Security Holder in respect of the Gold Bullion 
Securities to be redeemed pursuant to such Company Redemption Notification, the Trustee will 
instruct the Relevant Approved Counterparty (by facsimile transmission or email, in accordance 
with the Receipts Account Agreement) to pay over any sum received in the Receipts Account 
representing the gross proceeds of sale realised from the sale of such gold from a transaction 
pursuant to Clause 6.2(b) of the Security Deed (as summarised in Section 3(b)(ii) above) less 
any Sale Costs which may be set-off in accordance with Condition 2.2(c)) to the Relevant 
Account (as defined in the Security Deed) on the Business Day of such receipt. 
(c) 
If, pursuant to Condition 2.5(a)(ii) (Gold Sale Method) (as summarised in Section B.5(a)(ii) above 
under “Trust Instrument”), the Company is required to redeem any Gold Bullion Securities either in 
cash by sale of gold to the Relevant Approved Counterparty or in gold, it shall deliver to the Trustee 
a further Company Redemption Notification in relation to such redemption (a “Further Company 
Redemption Notification”). No Further Company Redemption Notification shall be valid unless (x) it 
corresponds to and has attached to it a copy of the relevant Redemption Notice; (y) in the case of 
redemption in gold, it has attached to it a copy of the relevant Security Holder’s election for redemption 
in gold; and (z) in the case of redemption in cash, it confirms that the relevant Security Holder has 
failed to elect a redemption in gold or withdraw its Redemption Notice by the Final Notice Date (as 
defined in Condition 2.5(a)(ii) (Gold Sale Method) (as summarised in Section B.5(a)(ii) above under 
“Trust Instrument”)). On receipt by the Trustee of a valid Further Company Redemption Notification, 
the provisions of Clause 6.2 of the Security Deed (as summarised in Section 3(b) above) shall apply, 
save that: 
(i) 
references to the Company Redemption Notification shall be read as references to the Further 
Company Redemption Notification; and 
(ii) 
the “Redemption Notice Date” shall be the date on which the Further Company Redemption 
Notification has been received by the Trustee, provided that if such Further Company 
Redemption Notification is received by the Trustee after 4:00 p.m. (London time) on a Business 
Day or on a day which is not a Business Day, the Redemption Notice Date shall be the 
Business Day following such receipt. 
(d) 
If, in the exercise of its discretion under Clause 3.4 of the Security Deed (as summarised below), the 
Trustee determines that it is willing to allow gold to be transferred to the Company from the Secured 
Gold Account in an amount equal to Gold Sales Charge in relation to any month for which it has 
received a Gold Sales Charge Certificate (as defined in the Security Deed), and provided that the 
Security has not become enforceable pursuant Clause 7.1 of the Security Deed (as summarised in 
Section 4 below), the Trustee will instruct the Custodian (by facsimile transmission or email, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Custodian Agreements) to: 
(i) 
transfer the Gold Sales Charge Amount (as defined in the Security Deed) from the Secured 
Unallocated Account to the account stipulated in such Gold Sales Charge Certificate; and 
(ii) 
to the extent required to effect (i), withdraw gold from the Secured Allocated Account by way of 
de-allocation to the Secured Unallocated Account. 
Clause 3.4 of the Security Deed states that, notwithstanding any other provision of the Security Deed, 
the Secured Allocated Account Agreement or the Secured Unallocated Account Agreement, no 
payment or transfer out of either of the Secured Gold Accounts may be made without the express 
consent of the Trustee, which shall be given at the Trustee’s discretion. The Trustee may, in its 
absolute discretion, direct that no payment or transfer out of either of the Secured Gold Accounts 
may be made. 
Clause 4.4 of the Security Deed states that, notwithstanding any other provision of the Security Deed 
or the Receipts Account Agreement, no payment or transfer out of the Receipts Account may be 
made without the express consent of the Trustee, which shall be given at the Trustee’s discretion. 
The Trustee may, in its absolute discretion, direct that no payment or transfer out of the Receipts 
Account may be made.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
4. 
Enforcement 
(a) 
The Security created by the Security Deed shall become enforceable if (a) a Defaulted Obligation 
has occurred and is continuing, or (b) an Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing. 
(b) 
In addition to any of the powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Instrument with respect 
to the Secured Property: 
(i) 
if a Defaulted Obligation has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee may at any time, at its 
discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by a Security Holder to whom such Defaulted 
Obligation is owed, the Trustee having first been indemnified to its satisfaction, take such 
proceedings and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Company to 
enforce any obligations of the Company under the Security constituted by the Security Deed 
in respect of the Gold Bullion Securities to which the Defaulted Obligation relates; and 
(ii) 
if an Insolvency Event has occurred and is continuing, the Trustee may at any time, at its 
discretion, and shall if so directed in writing by Security Holders holding not less than 25 per cent. 
of the aggregate face value of the Gold Bullion Securities then outstanding or an Extraordinary 
Resolution, the Trustee having first been indemnified to its satisfaction, take such proceedings 
and/or other action as it may think fit against or in relation to the Company to enforce any 
obligations of the Company under the Security constituted by the Security Deed in respect of 
all Gold Bullion Securities. 
Receipts Account Agreement 
1. 
Accounts 
(a) 
The Approved Counterparty will open and maintain Receipts Accounts in the name of the Trustee, 
into which all proceeds realised from the sale of gold from the Secured Gold Accounts for the purpose 
of effecting a redemption of Gold Bullion Securities in cash will, unless the Trustee directs otherwise, 
be paid. 
(b) 
The Approved Counterparty acknowledges that, pursuant to the Security Deed, the Company has 
assigned by way of first legal mortgage to the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the Security Holders 
all its rights, title and interest, present and future, in respect of the Receipts Accounts, such assignment 
to take effect by way of first fixed security. 
2. 
Withdrawals 
The Trustee may at any time give instructions to the Approved Counterparty for a withdrawal from a receipts 
Account. 
3. 
Charges 
The Company will pay the Approved Counterparty such fees and charges as are agreed from time to time. 
Amounts payable by the Company to the Approved Counterparty will not be debited from any Receipts 
Accounts. 
4. 
Termination 
The Receipts Account Agreement will terminate on the termination of the Custodian Agreements. 
5. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Receipts Account Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English law, and 
the Company agrees that the English courts are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Receipts Account Agreement. 
Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement 
1. 
Gold Sale Method 
(a) 
The Approved Counterparty agrees, at the request of the Trustee, to purchase such amount of gold as 
the Trustee may specify in an amount equal to the Combined Entitlement to Gold of such Gold Bullion 
Securities in the London AM Fix one Business Day prior to the Redemption Date and to pay an 
amount equal to the gross proceeds of sale realised from the sale of the amount of gold so specified 
by the Trustee to the Receipts Account or to the account of the relevant Security Holder.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
 
(b) 
Delivery of gold to the Approved Counterparty on any sale pursuant to the Gold Sale Counterparty 
Agreement will be delivered by the Company to an unallocated bullion account of the Approved 
Counterparty. 
(c) 
All sums payable under the Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement will be exclusive of any VAT. 
(d) 
The Approved Counterparty acknowledges that, pursuant to the Security Deed, the Company has 
assigned by way of first legal mortgage to the Trustee for the benefit of itself and the Security Holders 
all its rights, title and interest, present and future, in respect of the Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement, 
such assignment to take effect by way of first fixed security. 
2. 
Instructions 
Only the Trustee may request the Approved Counterparty to purchase gold. 
3. 
Term and Termination 
The Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement will terminate automatically if the Secured Allocated Account 
Agreement is terminated for any reason but may not otherwise be terminated unless with the written 
agreement of all parties. 
4. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement is governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, English 
law, and the Company agrees that the English courts are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes or claims 
which may arise out of or in connection with the Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement. 
Administration Agreement 
1. 
Provision of Administrative Services 
R&H is responsible for supplying or procuring the supply of certain administrative and company secretarial 
services to the Company as set out in Schedule 1 to the Administration Agreement and for which the Company 
agrees to pay R&H a fee. 
R&H may, with the prior approval of the Company, delegate in whole or in part the discharge of any of its 
duties or functions and the exercise of any powers and discretion under the Administration Agreement. 
2. 
Liability 
R&H is not liable to the Company for any error of judgement or for any loss suffered by the Company in 
connection with the subject of the Administration Agreement unless such loss arises from fraud, bad faith, 
wilful default or negligence in the performance or non-performance by R&H or persons designated by it of 
its obligations or duties and in particular (but without limitation) will not be liable as a result of any loss, delay, 
mis-delivery or error in transmission of any cable or telegraphic communication or as a result of acting upon 
any forged transfer or request for redemption of any securities in the Company. 
3. 
Termination 
The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party on three months’ written notice. 
Registrar Agreement 
1. 
Provision of Registrar Services 
The Registrar is responsible for supplying or procuring the supply of certain registrar services, including the 
provision of a registration and transfer office, to the Company as set out in Schedule 1 of the Registrar 
Agreement and for which the Company agrees to pay the Registrar a fee. The Registrar may delegate, with 
the approval of the Company, certain of its duties or functions under the Registrar Agreement. 
2. 
Liability 
The Registrar and its officers and employees will not be liable to the Company for any direct damages, loss, 
costs, claims or expenses (“Loss”) sustained by the Company or in respect of any matter relating to the 
Register as a result of loss, delay, mis-delivery, or error in transmission of any cable, telex, telefax or telegraphic 
communication, or if any document accepted by the Registrar shall later prove to be forged or otherwise 
defective or erroneous (except in respect of any Loss incurred by the Company as a result of the fraud, wilful 
default, bad faith or negligence of the Registrar).

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
The Registrar will not be liable to the Company in respect of any loss, liability, claim, cost, expense (including 
legal expenses) or damage suffered or incurred by the Company as a result of the discharge of its duties 
and obligations under the Registrar Agreement, save where such loss, liability, claim, cost, expense or 
damage is suffered or incurred as a result of its fraud, wilful default, bad faith or negligence. 
The aggregate liability of the Registrar to the Company over any 12 month period, howsoever any such liability 
arises, shall in no circumstances whatsoever exceed twice the amount of the fees payable by the Company 
to the Registrar in any 12 month period. 
The Registrar is not liable to the Company for any Loss suffered or incurred by the Company as a result of 
the operation, failure, interruption or suspension of or changes to all or any part of the CREST Service (as 
defined in the Registrar Agreement) by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited or as a result of any timetable 
changes in connection with the provision of the CREST Service by Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited. The 
Registrar is not liable to the Company for any Loss suffered or incurred by the Company as a result of any 
acts or omissions of the Registrar that the Registrar reasonably considers are required in order for it to 
comply with the CREST Requirements (as defined in the Registrar Agreement).

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
PART 7 
TAXATION  
The tax legislation of the Security Holder’s Member State and of Jersey, the Issuer's country of 
incorporation, may have an impact on the income received from the Gold Bullion Securities.  
1. 
UK Taxation  
(a) 
General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the UK taxation treatment of holding Gold 
Bullion Securities. They are based on current UK law and HM Revenue & Customs practice, both of which 
are subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect. The following paragraphs relate to Security Holders 
who are individuals (i.e. natural persons) acting in a private capacity and who are domiciled and resident in 
the UK for taxation purposes (“UK Individuals”), are within the charge to UK corporation tax and holding 
Gold Bullion Securities as an investment or which are UK open-ended investment companies or authorised 
unit trust schemes. Accordingly, these paragraphs do not apply to certain categories of Security Holders, such 
as dealers (whether in gold or Gold Bullion Securities). The statements in this summary are intended only as 
a general guide, and should be treated with appropriate caution. Any person who is contemplating acquiring 
a Gold Bullion Security (whether or not pursuant to the Offering), particularly if that person is subject to 
taxation in any jurisdiction other than the UK, is strongly recommended to consult his professional advisers 
immediately. 
(b) 
Withholding Tax 
No payments made by the Company to Security Holders in respect of the Gold Bullion Securities are 
required to be made under deduction or withholding for or on account of UK tax. 
(c) 
Capital Gains Tax (Individuals) 
Subscriptions made before 1 December 2009 
Provided the Gold Bullion Securities are not treated as “deeply discounted securities” for UK tax purposes, 
any transfer or redemption of a Gold Bullion Security by a Security Holder who is a UK individual will be a 
disposal of that Gold Bullion Security for UK capital gains tax purposes which may, subject to any available 
exemption or relief, give rise to a chargeable gain or allowable loss for those purposes. 
The Company has received a non-statutory confirmation from HM Revenue & Customs that, in its view, the 
Gold Bullion Securities are not deeply discounted securities. However, since this confirmation is addressed 
to the Company and is not binding on HM Revenue & Customs in its dealings with Security Holders, investors 
may wish to consult their own tax advisors in this respect. 
The tax treatment of subscriptions made prior to 1 December 2009 will not be amended by the new definition 
of “offshore fund” discussed below. 
Subscriptions made on or after 1 December 2009 
The Company was not regarded as an “offshore fund” for UK tax purposes for periods before 1 December 
2009. However, on 1 December 2009, a new definition of “offshore fund” took effect which resulted in the 
Company being treated as an “offshore fund”. Accordingly, subscriptions made on or after this date may be 
treated as investments in an “offshore fund” for UK tax purposes. 
If this is the case, and the Gold Bullion Securities are not treated as “deeply discounted securities” and no 
other exemption applies, any gain accruing to an investor upon the sale, redemption or other disposal of 
Gold Bullion Securities acquired on or after 1 December 2009 will be taxed as income and not as a capital 
gain, unless the Company achieves certification as a “reporting fund”. The Company has obtained 
notification from HM Revenue & Customs that the Gold Bullion Securities have been accepted for entry into 
the "reporting fund" regime with effect from the accounting period which commenced 1 January 2009. Whilst 
it is expected that certification as a “reporting fund” will be maintained for all accounting periods this cannot 
be guaranteed. 
Note that under the reporting fund rules the Company is required to report to investors 100 per cent. of the 
net income attributable to the Gold Bullion Securities. It is not expected that any such reportable income will 
arise in respect of any of the Gold Bullion Securities.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
A copy of the annual report required to be made to investors under the reporting fund rules will be provided 
by the Company on the following website under the “Regulatory Reports” tab and by clicking on 
“WisdomTree 
Jersey 
Issuer 
Tax 
Information”: 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-ie/resource-
library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports 
(d) 
Income Tax (Individuals) 
If the Gold Bullion Securities are treated as “deeply discounted securities” for UK tax purposes, and do not 
qualify as “excluded indexed securities” for those purposes, any profit arising to a Security Holder who is a 
UK individual on transfer or redemption of a Gold Bullion Security (whether such redemption is by way of 
the Gold Sale Method or by way of the Gold Delivery Method) will be subject to income tax and not to capital 
gains tax. 
As noted in “Capital Gains Tax (Individuals)” above, the Company has received a non-statutory confirmation 
from HM Revenue & Customs that the Gold Bullion Securities are not deeply discounted securities. 
(e) 
Corporation Tax 
In general, a Security Holder which is subject to UK corporation tax will be treated for tax purposes as realising 
profits, gains or losses in respect of Gold Bullion Securities on a basis reflecting the treatment in its statutory 
accounts, calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting practice. These profits, gains or 
losses, (which will include any profits, gains or losses on a disposal or redemption of Gold Bullion Securities 
and which may include fluctuations in value relating to foreign exchange gains and losses) will be treated 
as income for the purposes of a Security Holder’s corporation tax computation. 
(f) 
UK Open-Ended Investment Companies and Authorised Unit Trust Schemes 
Whilst UK open-ended investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes are generally subject to 
UK corporation tax (currently at the basic income tax rate of 20 per cent.) they are exempt from tax on 
capital gains. Part 2 of The Authorised Investment Funds (Tax) Regulations 2006 (S.I. No. 2006/964) (the 
“Regulations”) provides an exemption for capital profits, gains or losses accruing to UK open-ended 
investment companies and authorised unit trust schemes on creditor loan relationships and derivative 
contracts. In this respect capital profits, gains or losses are those which, in accordance with UK generally 
accepted accounting practice, fall to be dealt with in the statement of total return (under the heading of “net 
capital gains/losses”) in accordance with the relevant Statement of Recommended Practice. These 
provisions do not however apply to a qualified investor scheme which does not meet the genuine diversity 
of ownership condition. In addition, Part 2B of the Regulations treats all capital profits, gains and losses 
(determined in accordance with UK generally accepted accounting practice, as described above) arising to 
a UK open-ended investment company or authorised unit trust, which meets the genuine diversity of 
ownership condition, from an “investment transaction” (which includes loan relationships and derivative 
contracts) as a non-trading transaction and thus not taxable as income. These Parts of the Regulations will 
determine whether any profits, gains or losses arising to a Security Holder which is a UK open-ended 
investment company or authorised unit trust scheme in respect of Gold Bullion Securities will be exempt from 
tax. 
(g) 
Stamp Duty and Stamp Duty Reserve Tax (“SDRT”) 
Provided the Register is not kept by or on behalf of the Company in the UK, neither stamp duty nor SDRT 
will be payable on the issue or the subsequent transfer of a Gold Bullion Security in Uncertificated Form. 
In the case of Gold Bullion Securities held in Certificated Form, provided (i) the Register is not kept by or 
on behalf of the Company in the UK; (ii) any instrument of transfer is not executed in the UK; and (iii) any 
instrument of transfer does not relate to anything to be done in the UK, neither stamp duty nor SDRT will 
be payable on the issue or subsequent transfer of a Gold Bullion Security. 
The redemption of a Gold Bullion Security whether by way of the Gold Sale Method or by way of the Gold 
Delivery Method, will not give rise to stamp duty nor SDRT. 
(h) 
Inheritance Tax (Individuals) 
For the purposes of inheritance tax, a Gold Bullion Security may form part of the value of the estate of a 
Security Holder who is an individual and inheritance tax may (subject to certain exemptions and reliefs) 
become payable in respect of the value of a Gold Bullion Security on a gift of that Gold Bullion Security by, or 
the death of, a Security Holder who is an individual. Such a tax charge may be subject to appropriate 
provisions in any applicable double taxation treaty.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(i) 
The Company 
The Directors intend that the affairs of the Company should be managed and conducted so that it should not 
become resident in the UK for UK taxation purposes. Accordingly, and provided that the Company does not 
carry on a trade in the UK through a permanent establishment situated therein for UK corporation tax 
purposes or through a branch or agency situated in the UK which would bring the Company within the charge 
to UK income tax, the Company will not be subject to UK corporation tax or income tax on income and capital 
gains arising to it. The Directors intend that the affairs of the Company are conducted so that no such 
permanent establishment, branch or agency will arise insofar as this is within their control, but it cannot be 
guaranteed that the conditions necessary to prevent any such permanent establishment, branch or agency 
coming into being will at all times be satisfied. 
(j) 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Common Reporting 
Standard 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign Account 
Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to address the issue 
of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and reducing cost for financial 
institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial 
account information. Pursuant to the CRS, tax authorities in participating jurisdictions will obtain from 
reporting financial institutions, and automatically exchange with other participating tax authorities in which 
the investors of the reporting financial institutions are tax resident on an annual basis, financial information 
with respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due 
diligence and reporting procedures. 
Jersey has implemented the CRS. As a result, the Company will be required to comply with the CRS due 
diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by Jersey. Broadly, the due diligence requirements under 
the CRS framework as adopted by Jersey require information in respect of a calendar year to be reported 
to the Jersey Taxes Office on or before 30 June of the following calendar year for onward exchange of that 
information between the Jersey Taxes Office and partner jurisdictions, which includes the United Kingdom. 
Security Holders may be required to provide additional information to the Company to enable the Company 
to satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to provide requested information may subject an investor to 
liability for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory redemption of Gold Bullion Securities. 
The Directive on Administrative Co-operation (“DAC”) provides a similar regime for automatic exchange of 
information within the EU.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
2. 
Jersey Taxation  
(a) 
General 
The following paragraphs summarise certain limited aspects of the Jersey taxation treatment of holding 
Gold Bullion Securities. The statements are intended only as a general guide, and should be treated with 
appropriate caution. They are based on current Jersey law and practice, possibly with retrospective effect. 
A prospective investor should consult a tax adviser as to the tax consequences relating to its particular 
circumstances resulting from the purchase, holding, sale and redemption of the Gold Bullion Securities and 
the receipt of payments thereon. 
(b) 
Income Tax 
The Company will be regarded as resident in Jersey under the Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961 (the “Jersey 
Income Tax Law”), but (being neither a financial services company, a specified utility company, nor a large 
corporate retailer nor in the trade of importing into Jersey and/or supplying in Jersey hydrocarbon oil under 
the Jersey Income Tax Law at the date of this Prospectus) will be subject to Jersey income tax at a rate of 
0 per cent. 
Holders of the Gold Bullion Securities (other than residents of Jersey) should not be subject to any Jersey 
tax in respect of the holding, sale, redemption or other disposition of its Gold Bullion Securities. Redemption 
payments (other than to residents of Jersey) will not be subject to withholding for or on account of Jersey 
tax. 
(c) 
Stamp duty 
Under current Jersey law, there are no death or estate duties, capital gains, gift, wealth, inheritance or capital 
transfer taxes. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue, transfer, acquisition, ownership, redemption, 
sale or other disposal of Gold Bullion Securities. In the event of the death of an individual sole holder of Gold 
Bullion Securities, duty at rates of up to 0.75 per cent. of the value of the Gold Bullion Securities held, 
subject to a cap of £100,000, may be payable on registration of Jersey probate or letters of administration 
which may be required in order to transfer or otherwise deal with Gold Bullion Securities held by the deceased 
individual sole holder thereof. 
(d) 
Goods and services tax 
The Company is an “international services entity” for the purposes of the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) 
Law 2007 (the “GST Law”). Consequently, the Company is not required to: 
(i) 
register as a taxable person pursuant to the GST Law; 
(ii) 
charge goods and services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made by it; or 
(iii) 
(subject to limited exceptions that are not expected to apply to the Company) pay goods and 
services tax in Jersey in respect of any supply made to it. 
(e) 
Intergovernmental Agreement between Jersey and the United States 
The U.S. Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act resulted in the introduction of legislation in the U.S. 
known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”). Under FATCA, a 30 per cent. withholding tax 
may be imposed on payments of U.S. source income and certain payments of proceeds from the sale of 
property that could give rise to U.S. source income, unless the Company complies with requirements to 
report on an annual basis the identity of, and certain other information about, direct and indirect U.S. holders 
of Gold Bullion Securities issued by the Company to the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or to the 
relevant Jersey authority for onward transmission to the IRS. A holder of Gold Bullion Securities issued by 
the Company that fails to provide the required information to the Company may be subject to the 30 per 
cent. withholding tax with respect to any payments directly or indirectly attributable to U.S. sources and the 
Company might be required to redeem any Gold Bullion Securities held by such holder. 
On 13 December 2013 an intergovernmental agreement was entered into between Jersey and the US in 
respect of FATCA which agreement was enacted into Jersey law as of 18 June 2014 by the Taxation 
(Implementation) (International Tax Compliance) (United States of America) (Jersey) Regulations 2014. 
Although the Company will attempt to satisfy any obligations imposed on it to avoid the imposition of such 
withholding tax, no assurance can be given that the Company will be able to satisfy such obligations. If the 
Company becomes subject to a withholding tax as a result of FATCA, the return on some or all Gold Bullion

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
Securities issued by the Company may be materially and adversely affected. In certain circumstances, the 
Company may compulsorily redeem some or all of the Gold Bullion Securities held by one or more holders 
and/or may reduce the redemption proceeds payable to any holder of Gold Bullion Securities. 
(f) 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Common Reporting 
Standard 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign Account 
Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to address the issue 
of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and reducing cost for financial 
institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial 
account information. Pursuant to the CRS, participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial 
institutions, and automatically exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information 
with respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence 
and reporting procedures. Jersey has implemented the CRS by the Taxation (Implementation) (International 
Tax Compliance) (Common Reporting Standard) (Jersey) Regulations 2015. As a result, the Company is 
required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting requirements, as adopted by Jersey. Jersey 
has committed to a common implementation timetable which has seen the first exchange of information in 
2017 in respect of accounts open at and from the end of 2015, with further countries committed to implement 
the new global standard. 
Security Holders may be required to provide additional information to the Company to enable the Company 
to satisfy its obligations under the CRS. Failure to provide requested information may subject an investor to 
liability for any resulting penalties or other charges and/or mandatory redemption of Gold Bullion Securities. 
(g) 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting 
The law and any other rules or customary practice relating to tax, or its interpretation in relation to the 
Company, its assets and any investment of the Company may change during its life. In particular, both the 
level and basis of taxation may change. In particular, the outcome of the on-going global Base Erosion and 
Profit Shifting (BEPS) project could substantially affect the tax treatment of the Company. Additionally, the 
interpretation and application of tax rules and customary practice to the Company, its assets and investors 
by any taxation authority or court may differ from that anticipated by the Company. Both could significantly 
affect returns to investors.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
3. Taxation in Ireland   
(a) General 
The following summary outlines certain aspects of Irish tax law and practice regarding the ownership 
and disposition of Gold Bullion Securities and the receipt of interest thereon. This summary deals only 
with Gold Bullion Securities held beneficially as capital assets and does not address special classes of 
Security Holders such as dealers in securities or those holding Gold Bullion Securities as part of a trade. 
This summary is not exhaustive and Security Holders are advised to consult their own tax advisors with 
respect to the taxation consequences of their ownership or disposition. The comments are made on the 
assumption that the Company is not resident in Ireland for Irish tax purposes and does not carry on a 
trade in Ireland through a branch or agency or have any other connection with Ireland. The summary is 
based on current Irish taxation legislation and practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners. 
(b) Irish Withholding Tax 
Under Irish tax law there is no obligation on the Company to operate any withholding tax on a payment 
in respect of the Gold Bullion Securities except where such payment has an Irish source. The payment 
is only likely to be considered to have an Irish source, if, for example, the payment constitutes yearly 
interest and such interest was paid out of funds maintained in Ireland or where the Gold Bullion 
Securities were secured on Irish situated assets which it is understood will not be the case. The mere 
offering of the Gold Bullion Securities to Irish investors or the listing of the Gold Bullion Securities on 
Euronext Dublin will not cause such a payment to have an Irish source. In certain circumstances 
collection agents and other persons receiving interest on the Gold Bullion Securities in Ireland on behalf 
of a Security Holder, will be obliged to operate a withholding tax. 
(c) Taxation of Income 
Unless exempted, an Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holder and a non-resident Security 
Holder holding Gold Bullion Securities through an Irish branch or agency will be liable to Irish tax on the 
amount of any interest or other income, including potentially any premium on redemption, received from 
the Company. Individual Security Holders would suffer income tax at rates of up to 40% and would also 
potentially be liable to Pay Related Social Insurance and the universal social charge. Corporate Security 
Holders would suffer corporation tax at 25% of the amount of interest received from the Issuer. Credit 
against Irish tax on the interest received may be available in respect of any foreign withholding tax 
deducted by the Company. 
(d) Taxation of Capital Gains 
Irish resident or ordinarily resident Security Holders and non-resident Security Holders holding Gold 
Bullion Securities through an Irish branch or agency would potentially be liable to Irish tax on capital 
gains on any gains arising on a disposal of Gold Bullion Securities, current at a 33% rate. Reliefs and 
allowances may be available in computing the Security Holder’s liability. 
(e) Stamp Duty 
Transfers of Gold Bullion Securities should not be subject to Irish stamp duty, provided the transfers do 
not relate to Irish land or buildings or securities of an Irish registered company 
(f) Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance comprising of Gold Bullion Securities will be within the charge to capital acquisitions 
tax if either (i) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or 
ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland 
irrespective of his residence or that of the donee/successor) or (ii) if the Gold Bullion Securities are 
regarded as property situated in Ireland. The Gold Bullion Securities could only be considered property 
situated in Ireland if the register of Gold Bullion Security Holders was maintained in Ireland or, to the 
extent that certificates are issued in bearer form, the bearer certificates were located in Ireland. This tax 
is charged at a rate of 33% on gifts and inheritances above a certain threshold determined both by the 
relationship between the donor and the donee/successor and previous gifts and inheritances. 
(g) Offshore Fund Taxation 
While a holding of Gold Bullion Securities could potentially be treated as a material interest in an 
offshore fund and subject to the more onerous tax provisions applicable to offshore funds, the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners’ guidance indicates that exchange traded commodities which are generally 
structured as debt instruments will not come within the tax regime for offshore funds but instead will 
come within general tax principles (as to which see paragraphs (c)and (d) above). As recommended 
above, Security Holders should obtain independent tax advice in relation to the tax implications of 
holding and disposing of Gold Bullion Securities.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(h) Provision of Information 
(a) Generally 
Security Holders should be aware that where any interest or other payment on Gold Bullion 
Securities is paid to them by or through an Irish paying agent or collection agent then the 
relevant person may be required to supply the Irish Revenue Commissioners with details of 
the payment and certain details relating to the Security Holder. Where the Security Holder is 
not Irish resident, the details provided to the Irish Revenue Commissioners may, in certain 
cases, be passed by them to the tax authorities of the jurisdiction in which the Security Holder 
is resident for taxation purposes. 
(b) Common Reporting Standard ("CRS") 
The goal of the CRS is to provide for the annual automatic exchange between governments of 
financial account information reported to them by local financial institutions relating to account 
holders tax resident in other participating countries to assist in the efficient collection of tax. 
The OECD used FATCA concepts in developing the CRS and as such the CRS is broadly 
similar to FATCA requirements, albeit with numerous alterations. There are a significantly 
higher number of reportable persons due to the increased instances of potentially in-scope 
accounts and the inclusion of multiple jurisdictions to which accounts must be reported. 
Regulations gave effect to the OECD’s Standard for the Automatic Exchange of Financial 
Account Information in Tax Matters and Directive 2014/107/EU in Ireland from 1 January 2016. 
To the extent that the Company is required to comply with the CRS due diligence and reporting 
requirements, Security Holders resident in Ireland may be required to provide additional 
information to the Company which may ultimately be shared by the Jersey tax authorities with 
their counterparts in Ireland.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
PART 8 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Responsibility and No Investment Advice 
Gold Bullion Securities Limited accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus. To 
the best of the knowledge of the Company, the information contained in this Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and this Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Nothing in this document or anything communicated to holders or potential holders of the Gold Bullion 
Securities or other obligations by the Company is intended to constitute or should be construed as advice 
on the merits of the purchase of or subscription for the Gold Bullion Securities or the exercise of any rights 
attached thereto for the purposes of the Jersey Financial Services Law 1988. 
2. 
Incorporation and share capital 
(a) 
The Company was incorporated as a public limited company in Jersey on 17 March 2004 under 
Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 (as amended). The Company is registered in Jersey under number 
87322 with a registered office address of Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey, Channel 
Islands JE4 8PW. The authorised and issued share capital of the Company is:  
 
 
 
Issued and fully paid  
at a premium of £999 each 
Nominal 
value (£) 
Number 
 
Nominal 
value (£) 
Number 
10,000 
10,000 
In Ordinary Shares of £1 each 
100 
100 
Total issued share capital and share premium 
 
£100,000 
(b) 
All of the issued Ordinary Shares in the Company are held by HoldCo. The Company does not have 
any subsidiary undertakings. 
3. 
Material contracts 
Part 6 (Description of the Documents) and paragraph 6 of this Part 8 (General Information) contain a 
description of the contracts (not being contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business) which are 
or may be material. 
4. 
ISIN of the Gold Bullion Securities 
The ISIN of the Gold Bullion Securities is GB00B00FHZ82. 
The Company may, for example if the stock market price of a Gold Bullion Security has risen or fallen in a 
manner which reduces liquidity on the stock market or increases the spreads between the selling and buying 
prices, seek to effect a consolidation (under which Gold Bullion Securities are added together to make a 
smaller number of securities with, in aggregate, the same Per Security Entitlement to Gold and hence 
market value) or a division (under which Gold Bullion Securities are divided into a larger number of securities 
with, in aggregate, the same Per Security Entitlement to gold and hence market value). Any such 
consolidated or divided Gold Bullion Securities may also be issued under this Prospectus and to the extent 
that this Prospectus does not provide full details of such consolidated or divided Gold Bullion Securities, 
such additional details (including the name, ISIN number and Principal Amount thereof) will be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or a supplementary prospectus supplemental hereto. 
5. 
Sources   
The table under the heading “Demand and Supply” in Part 3 (Gold Market Overview), showing the main 
sources of demand and supply of gold for the ten year period ended 31 December 2022, has been sourced 
from Metals Focus. 
The statement under the heading “The London Bullion Market – London Good Delivery” in Part 3 (Gold 
Market Overview) that a gold bar must have a minimum fineness of 99.5 per cent. and a weight of 
approximately 400 ounces or 12.5 kilograms (although bars are permitted to be between 350 and 430 
ounces), is derived from the LBMA’s “Good Delivery Rules”.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
The information referred to above has been accurately reproduced and, so far as the Company is aware and 
is able to ascertain from information published by the referenced third party source, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
6. 
Approved Applicant Agreements 
The Company and ManJer have entered into an Approved Applicant Agreements with the following entities:  
a) Goldenberg Hehmeyer LLP 
b) DRW Investments 
c) HSBC Bank plc 
d) Merrill Lynch International 
e) Morgan Stanley & Co International plc 
f) 
ABN AMRO Clearing Bank N.V.  
g) Virtu Financial Ireland Limited 
h) Jane Street Financial Ltd 
i) 
Optiver VOF 
j) 
Susquehanna International Securities Limited 
The Company and ManJer may enter into Approved Applicant Agreements on similar terms with other new 
or existing Approved Applicants.  
The Approved Applicant Agreement may be terminated by any party thereto at any time upon thirty days’ prior 
written notice to the other parties. 
The Company may enter into agreements with institutions to act as Approved Applicants and/or market- 
makers which may include commitments to make markets on varying terms, but which may include 
commitments to maintain particular maximum spreads and minimum lot sizes. 
7. 
General 
(a) 
The Company’s auditors are Ernst & Young LLP, Liberation House, Castle Street, St Helier, Jersey 
JE1 1EY. Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 
England and Wales. The annual reports of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2022 as published by the Company through the Regulatory News Service of the 
London Stock Exchange on 29 April 2022 and 28 April 2023 respectively are incorporated into this 
document by reference and are available at the Company’s website at www.wisdomtree.eu/en-
gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-
3C2DADB050A7 (under the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax 
Information’ tab, the documents listed above are entitled ‘Gold Bullion Securities – Annual Accounts 
2021’ and ‘Gold Bullion Securities – Annual Accounts 2022’) and at the registered office of the 
Company as set out in paragraph 2 of this Part 8 (General Information). The financial statements of 
the Company are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards. Half-
yearly unaudited accounts will generally be published within four months of the mid-year end, 
currently 30 June in each year. Each of the annual audited accounts and half-yearly unaudited 
accounts will be made available on the Company’s website at www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-
library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 under 
the ‘Regulatory Reports’ section and the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab, the 
documents listed above are entitled ‘Gold Bullion Securities – Interim Accounts’). 
(b) 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Company is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date 
of this document which may have or have had in the recent past a significant effect on the Company’s 
financial position or profitability. 
(c) 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for all Gold Bullion Securities issued during the period of 
12 months from the date of this prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its 
regulated market. The admission to trading of Euronext Dublin is technical only and investors should 
be aware that there is no trading facility for Gold Bullion Securities there. 
(d) 
Application has also been made to the FCA for all Gold Bullion Securities in issue and issued within 
12 months of the date of this document to be admitted to the UK Official List, and to the London Stock

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Exchange for all Gold Bullion Securities to be admitted to trading on the Main Market of the London 
Stock Exchange. 
Investors should be aware that such admission to the UK Official List and trading on the Main Market 
are not offers made under the Prospectus Regulation, or admission to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are such 
offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation  
(e) 
All Gold Bullion Securities in issue at the date of this document have been admitted to listing on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Paris SA since 7 November 2005, the ETFplus market of the Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A. since 20 April 2007, the Regulated Market (General Standard) (Regulierter Markt 
[General Standard]) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse) since 25 April 
2007 and Euronext Brussels since 22 October 2013. 
(f) 
The Company intends to publish annual financial statements each year and Final Terms as required 
by the Prospectus Regulation, the Prospectus Regulation Rules, the Transparency Directive, Listing 
Rules and the Transparency Rules. Each Business Day the Company will publish the current Gold 
Sales Charge Rate and Per Security Entitlement to Gold on its website as described under the 
heading “Gold Sales Charge and Per Security Entitlement to Gold” in Part 1 (Information on the 
Company, ManJer and Gold Bullion Securities). Save as aforesaid, the Company does not intend to 
provide post- issuance information. 
(g) 
Current and historical gold pricing information, including daily prices, can be obtained from the LBMA 
website at www.lbma.org.uk/. 
(h) 
There has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Company 
since the date of its last published audited financial statements on 31 December 2022. 
(i) 
There are no restrictions on the category of potential investors to which Gold Bullion Securities may be 
offered by financial intermediaries. Only investors who are Approved Applicants may acquire Gold 
Bullion Securities from the Company. 
8. 
Availability of the prospectus 
Copies of this document are available free of charge from the Company on its website at 
www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports under the “Prospectus” tab 
and at WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Prospectus. 
9. 
Documents available for inspection 
During the duration of the Programme, copies of the following documents will be available for inspection in 
printed form during normal business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted) at the registered office of the Company: 
(a) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company; 
(b) 
the Trust Instrument; 
(c) 
the Security Deed; 
(d) 
the Service Agreement; 
(e) 
the form of Approved Applicant Agreement; 
(f) 
the annual audited accounts and half-yearly unaudited accounts of the Company; and 
(g) 
the Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents listed above are available free of charge from WisdomTree Management Jersey 
Limited, Ordnance House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey JE4 8PW.  
The 
documents 
listed 
at 
9(a), 
(f) 
and 
(g) 
are 
available 
at 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-2A942D42-
5AA1-4008-9080-3C2DADB050A7 under the ‘WisdomTree Jersey Issuer Tax Information’ tab.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
The 
documents 
listed 
at 
9(b) 
– 
(e) 
above 
are 
available 
at 
the 
Issuer's 
Website 
at 
https://www.wisdomtree.eu/en-gb/resource-library/prospectus-and-regulatory-reports#tab-020C6C52-
778F-4B7F-A4D5-D541C3EAABB3 under the ‘Documents for Inspection’ tab. 
No documents referred to in the above documents are themselves incorporated into this Prospectus and 
other than the published audit reports and audited accounts of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2022, no other documents, including the contents of any websites or web pages 
referred to in this Prospectus, form part of this Prospectus for purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the 
Prospectus Regulation Rules. 
10. 
Jersey Law Consents 
This Prospectus is prepared, and a copy of it has been sent to the Jersey Financial Services Commission, in 
accordance with the Collective Investment Funds (Certified Funds – Prospectuses) (Jersey) Order 2012. 
The Company has obtained a certificate under the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law, 1988, as 
amended, (the “CIF Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to Gold Bullion Securities. The 
Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the CIF Law against liability arising from the discharge 
of its functions thereunder. 
Each of ManJer, R&H and the Registrar is registered under the Financial Services (Jersey) Law, 1998, as 
amended, (the “Financial Services Law”) to enable it to undertake its functions in relation to the Gold 
Bullion Securities. The Jersey Financial Services Commission is protected by the Financial Services Law 
against liability arising from the discharge of its functions thereunder. 
The Jersey Financial Services Commission does not take any responsibility for the financial soundness of 
the Company or for the correctness of any statements made or expressed in this Prospectus. 
11. 
Consent to use of Prospectus by Financial Intermediaries in certain Member States and the 
United Kingdom  
The Company has consented to the use of this Prospectus, and has accepted responsibility for the content 
of this Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of the Gold 
Bullion Securities in any of Austria, Belgium, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, Luxembourg, the Netherlands 
and Poland by any financial intermediary which is an investment firm within the meaning of MiFID II and 
which is authorised in accordance with MiFID II in any member state. The Company has also consented to 
the use of this Prospectus in the United Kingdom, and has accepted responsibility for the content of this 
Prospectus, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of Gold Bullion 
Securities in the United Kingdom by any financial intermediary which is an investment firm within the 
meaning of FSMA and which is authorised under Part 4A of FSMA. Each such consent applies to any such 
resale or final placement by way of public offer during the period of 12 months from the date of this 
Prospectus unless such consent is withdrawn prior to that date by notice published on the Company’s 
website. 
In the event of an offer being made by a financial intermediary, this financial intermediary will 
provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is 
made. Any financial intermediary using this Prospectus for the purpose of any offering must state 
on its website that it uses this Prospectus in accordance with the consent given and the conditions 
attached thereto. 
It is a condition of this consent that, where the financial intermediary wishes to resell or make a final 
placement by way of public offer of the Gold Bullion Securities, such financial intermediary may not 
reuse this Prospectus for such purpose unless it is in those Public Offer Jurisdictions identified in 
the Final Terms, provided such offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The financial intermediary may not otherwise reuse this Prospectus to sell Gold Bullion 
Securities. 
In the event of a public offer in one or more Public Offer Jurisdictions, the Gold Bullion Securities 
may be offered and sold to persons in the relevant Public Offer Jurisdiction who are legally eligible 
to participate in a public offering of such securities in such jurisdiction under applicable laws and 
regulations.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
12. 
Selling Restrictions 
The Gold Bullion Securities are not subject to any restrictions on transferability. The following restrictions on 
offers and sales apply. 
European Union 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the Prospectus 
Regulation (each, a “Relevant Member State”), with effect from and including the date on which the 
Prospectus Regulation is implemented in that Relevant Member State (the “Relevant Implementation 
Date”) no offer of Gold Bullion Securities may be made to the public in that Relevant Member State, except 
that, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, an offer of Gold Bullion Securities 
may be made in that Relevant Member State: 
(a)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation); or 
(c)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation  
provided that no such offer of Gold Bullion Securities shall require the Issuer or any Approved Applicants to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression an “offer of Gold Bullion Securities to the public” in 
relation to any Gold Bullion Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form 
and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Gold Bullion Securities to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for Gold Bullion Securities, as the 
same may be varied in that Relevant Member State by any measure implementing the Prospectus 
Regulation in that Relevant Member State and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and amendments thereto) and includes any relevant implementing measure in 
each Relevant Member State. 
United Kingdom 
No offer of Gold Bullion Securities may be made to the public in the United Kingdom, save that an offer of 
Gold Bullion Securities may be made in the United Kingdom:  
(a)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b)  
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation); or 
(c)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Gold Bullion Securities shall require the Issuer or any Approved Applicants to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a base prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression an “offer of Gold Bullion Securities to the public” in 
relation to any Gold Bullion Securities means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Gold Bullion Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for Gold Bullion Securities, as the same may be varied in the United 
Kingdom by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in the United Kingdom and the 
expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (and amendments thereto) as it 
applies in the United Kingdom pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and includes any 
relevant implementing measure in the United Kingdom. 
In addition, no invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 
of FSMA) in connection with the issue or sale of any Gold Bullion Securities may be communicated or 
caused to be communicated by any person except in circumstances in which section 21(1) of FSMA does 
not apply to the Company or any Affiliate of the Company. 
United States 
The Company has imposed the restrictions described below on the Programme so that the Company will 
not be required to register the offer and sale of Gold Bullion Securities under the Securities Act of 1933 of 
the United States (the “Securities Act”) and to address certain United States Internal Revenue Code and 
other considerations. These restrictions, which will remain in effect until the Company determines in 
its sole discretion to remove them, may adversely affect the ability of holders of Gold Bullion Securities to 
trade them.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
Gold Bullion Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable law of the United States. The Company has not been and does not intend to become registered 
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act and related rules. Gold Bullion Securities are 
being offered and sold only outside the United States to non-United States Persons in reliance on the 
exemption from registration provided by Regulation S under the Securities Act or to Qualified Purchasers 
in transactions otherwise exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Gold Bullion Securities and any beneficial interest therein may not (except in a transaction exempt from the 
registration requirement of the Securities Act to a Qualified Purchaser) be reoffered, resold, pledged or 
otherwise transferred in the United States or to United States Persons. 
13. 
Privacy Notice 
Please refer to the privacy notice on the website of the Company at www.wisdomtree.eu. The privacy 
notice sets out your individual rights; and identifies how personal data will be used, stored, transferred or 
otherwise processed is available on the website of the Company. 
Personal data will typically include name, address, email address, telephone number and any other 
information an investor or his or her adviser may supply. 
Use of information 
The information which is provided by or on behalf of a prospective individual investor in connection with its 
application for Gold Bullion Securities or which is subsequently provided by or on behalf of a prospective 
individual investor or individual investor (personal data) will be held and processed by the Company in 
compliance with the relevant data protection legislation (Data Protection Legislation). 
The Company shall act as data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation. 
Personal data will be held and processed by the Company and/or the Company’s service providers for the 
following purposes: 
(i) 
verifying the identity of prospective investors for the purpose of complying with the statutory and 
regulatory requirements of the Company and any service provider to the Company in relation to anti-
money laundering in Jersey or elsewhere; 
(ii) 
evaluating and complying with any anti-money laundering, regulatory and tax requirements in respect 
of the Company; 
(iii) 
meeting the legal, regulatory, reporting and/or financial obligations of the Company or any service 
provider to the Company in Jersey or elsewhere including, without limitation, with respect to 
compliance with the US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act and the OECD common reporting 
standard or any legislation, regulations or guidance enacted in any jurisdiction that seeks to 
implement a similar tax reporting or withholding tax regime; 
(iv) 
any purpose ancillary to the foregoing; 
(v) 
any purpose in connection with the issue, transfer, redemption and registration of Gold Bullion 
Securities and/or the management and operation of the Company. 
In certain circumstances it may be necessary for the Company or the Company's service providers 
to: 
(i) 
disclose personal data to third party service providers or agents or advisers appointed to 
provide services for the purpose of operating the Company or in connection with the issuance, 
transfer, redemption and registration of Gold Bullion Securities; and/or 
(ii) 
transfer personal data outside of the European Economic Area to countries or territories which 
do not offer the same level of protection for the rights and freedoms of investors as Jersey. 
If such a disclosure or transfer of personal data is made, the Company will, where appropriate, ensure that 
contracts are in place to ensure that any third party service provider or agent to whom the personal data is 
disclosed or transferred is bound to provide an adequate level of protection in respect of such data. 
Third parties supplying personal data 
Persons who provide personal data relating to individuals other than themselves to the Company and/or its

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
service providers are responsible for informing any such individual of the disclosure and use of such data 
as described above; and for drawing to the attention of such individuals the privacy notice referred to above. 
GDPR representative 
The Company has designated WisdomTree Ireland Limited as its representative in the EU pursuant to 
Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation and WisdomTree UK Limited as its representative in 
the UK pursuant to the Data Protection Act 2018.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
DEFINITIONS 
The following definitions apply throughout this document, unless the context requires otherwise: 
 
“Administration Agreement” 
means the Administration Agreement dated 31 December 2012 
between R&H and the Company providing for certain administration 
and company secretarial services to be provided by R&H to the 
Company 
“Affiliate” 
means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by that person, any entity that controls, directly or 
indirectly, that person, or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with that person; and, for this purpose, “control” of 
any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of the entity or person 
“Applicant” or “Approved 
Applicant” 
means a person who is both (a) a securities house or other market 
professional approved by the Company and (b) an Authorised 
Person, an Exempt Person or an Overseas Person; and (c) is not a 
UCITS Fund 
“Approved Applicant 
Agreement” 
means a written agreement between the Company and another 
person under which such person is appointed to act as an “Approved 
Applicant”, distribution agent or in a substantially similar function in 
relation to Gold Bullion Securities and if such agreement is subject 
to conditions precedent, provided that such conditions have been 
satisfied 
“Application” 
means an offer by a person to the Company to subscribe for Gold 
Bullion Securities, being an offer on terms referred to in an 
Application Form and this document 
“Application Form” 
means the application form accompanying this document to be 
used in connection with the Offering 
“Approved Counterparty” 
means HSBC Bank plc or such other financial institution or other 
entity as may from time to time enter into a Gold Sale Counterparty 
Agreement with the Company and the Trustee 
“Authorised Person” 
means a person who is authorised for the purposes of FSMA 
“Bank” 
means HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG 
“Board” 
means the board of directors of the Company 
“Business Day” 
means a day (excluding weekends, public holidays and any day on 
which the gold market in London closes prior to 4:00 p.m. (London 
time)) on which commercial banks generally and the London gold 
market are open for business in London 
"Central Bank" 
means the Central Bank of Ireland 
“Certificated” or “Certificated 
Form”  
means not in Uncertificated Form 
“CIS” 
means a scheme that falls within the definition of a “Collective 
Investment Scheme” within section 235 of FSMA 
“Combined Entitlement to 
Gold” 
means (i) in respect of any Gold Bullion Securities, the total of the 
Per Security Entitlement to Gold of such Gold Bullion Securities, and 
(ii) in respect of redemption of any Gold Bullion Securities means 
the total amount of gold to be sold or delivered, as the case may be, 
in relation to any Gold Bullion Securities which are being redeemed 
(pursuant to a Redemption Notice or otherwise), being the Per

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
Security Entitlement to Gold on the Redemption Date in respect of 
such redemption multiplied by the number of Gold Bullion Securities 
to be redeemed on such date 
“Company” 
means Gold Bullion Securities Limited, a company incorporated and 
registered in Jersey whose registered office address is Ordnance 
House, 31 Pier Road, St. Helier, Jersey, Channel Islands, JE4 8PW 
“Conditions” 
means the terms and conditions of the Gold Bullion Securities in the 
form set out in the First Schedule (Form of Certificate for Securities) 
to the Trust Instrument 
“Controller” 
means, in relation to any company, a person who: 
(a) 
holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in such company; 
(b) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the 
management 
of 
such 
company 
by 
virtue 
of 
his 
shareholdings in such company; 
(c) 
holds 10 per cent. or more of the shares in a parent 
undertaking of such company; 
(d) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the 
management of the parent undertaking of such company; 
(e) 
is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. 
or more of the voting power in such company; 
(f) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the 
management of such company by virtue of his voting power 
in such company; 
(g) 
is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, 10 per cent. 
or more of the voting power in the parent undertaking of 
such company; or 
(h) 
is able to exercise significant influence over the 
management of the parent undertaking of such company by 
virtue of his voting rights 
“CREST” 
means the system of paperless settlement of transfers and the 
holding of securities in Uncertificated Form administered by 
Euroclear UK & Ireland Limited 
“Creation Fee” 
means the fee payable by an Applicant to the Company on the 
creation of Gold Bullion Securities 
“Custodian” 
means HSBC Bank plc, a company registered in England and 
Wales, the registered office of which is at 8 Canada Square, London 
E14 5HQ or such other person (being an LBMA clearing bank 
member) who provides custody and transfer facilities from time to 
time pursuant to the Custodian Agreements 
“Custodian Agreements” 
means the Secured Allocated Account Agreement and the Secured 
Unallocated Account Agreement 
“Defaulted Obligation” 
means the failure of the Company to make or procure any payment 
of cash or delivery of gold in respect of the redemption of any Gold 
Bullion Securities when due 
“Directors” 
means the directors of the Company, being at the date of this 
document the persons whose names are listed as such in “Directors, 
Secretary and Advisers” below

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
“Documents” 
means this document, the Trust Instrument (and any supplement 
thereto), the Security Deed, the Custodian Agreements, the Service 
Agreement, the Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement, the Receipts 
Account Agreement and the Registrar Agreement 
“EEA State” 
means a member of the European Economic Area 
“ESES” 
means Euroclear Settlement for Euronext-zone Securities 
“ETFSL” 
ETFS Capital Limited (formerly ETF Securities Limited), a company 
incorporated and registered in Jersey with registered number 88370 
“EU” 
means the European Union 
“Euro” or “€” 
means the lawful currency of the member states of the EU that adopt 
the single currency 
“Euroclear” 
means the system of paperless settlement trades used in France and 
administered by Euroclear France 
“Exempt Person” 
means a person acting in the course of a business comprising a 
regulated activity in relation to which it is exempt from the need to 
be an Authorised Person as a result of a provision of FSMA or 
associated secondary legislation 
“FCA” 
means the Financial Conduct Authority of the United Kingdom 
“FCA Glossary” 
means the glossary giving the meaning of the defined expressions 
used in the Handbook (as amended) 
“Final Terms” 
means a document constituting “final terms” relating to an issue of 
Gold Bullion Securities to be issued by the Company in or 
substantially in a form annexed hereto and for final terms delivered 
to the Central Bank or any other party for use in a Europe Economic 
Area State means final terms within the meaning of the Prospectus 
Regulation and for final terms delivered to the FCA or any other 
party for use in the United Kingdom means final terms within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation Rules. 
“Fixing” 
means, in relation to any day on which the London bullion market, 
operated by LBMA, is open for business, the price fixing process or 
processes conducted under or for the purposes of the rules and 
procedures of the LBMA to determine a price for gold on that day at 
that Fixing or any successor price fixing process or processes 
established or authorised by or on behalf of the LBMA 
“Fixing Price” 
means, in relation to any Fixing, the price determined by the Fixing 
“FSMA” 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the United 
Kingdom 
“Gold Accounts” 
means the Secured Allocated Account and the Unallocated 
Accounts 
“Gold Bullion Securities” 
means the “Gold Bullion Securities” of the Company constituted 
“Gold Delivery Method” 
means the method used by the Company to discharge the 
Company’s Redemption Obligations by way of delivery of gold on 
redemption of a Gold Bullion Security, as set out in the Conditions 
by the Trust Instrument 
“Gold Sale Counterparty 
Account” 
means in relation to any Approved Counterparty such unallocated 
gold account of such Approved Counterparty as may be specified in 
or pursuant to the applicable Gold Sale Counterparty Agreement

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
“Gold Sale Counterparty 
Agreement” 
means an agreement entered into by the Company, the Trustee and 
a financial institution or other entity providing for the sale from time to 
time at the request of the Trustee of gold attributable to or forming 
part of the Secured Property 
“Gold Sale Method” 
means the method used by the Company to discharge the 
Company’s Redemption Obligations, by way of sale of gold and 
payment of the proceeds, on redemption of a Gold Bullion Security, 
as set out in the Conditions 
“Gold Sales Charge” 
means the amount of gold which may be debited from the Secured 
Gold Accounts at the end of each month and paid to the Company, 
which shall be calculated as the Gold Sales Charge Rate times the 
Combined Entitlement to Gold of all outstanding Gold Bullion 
Securities on each day during that month 
“Gold Sales Charge Rate” 
means, up to and including 6 January 2020, 0.40 per cent. of one-
tenth of one fine troy ounce per annum (applied daily) and thereafter 
a daily rate equivalent to 40 basis points per annum applied daily to 
the previous day’s Per Security Entitlement to Gold, which rate may 
be varied by the Company at any time, but only after giving three 
months’ prior written notice to all Security Holders (to be released 
through the RNS) 
“Good Delivery” 
means the refining standard and weights set by the LBMA for gold 
bars as set out in “The Good Delivery Rules” published by the LBMA 
“Handbook” 
means the FCA’s Handbook of Rules and Guidance as amended 
“HoldCo” 
means WisdomTree Holdings Jersey Limited (formerly ETFS 
Holdings (Jersey) Limited), a company incorporated and registered 
in Jersey, with registered number 106817 
“IBA” 
means ICE Benchmark Administration 
“Insolvency Event” 
means any proceedings being commenced or order being made by 
any competent court for, or any resolution being passed by the 
Company to apply for, a winding-up or dissolution of the Company 
(other than an amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation 
or other similar arrangement on terms previously approved in writing 
by the Trustee or proceedings for winding-up or dissolution which 
are being contested in good faith and are discharged within 20 
Business Days) or a declaration being made declaring the assets of 
the Company en désastre pursuant to the Bankruptcy (Désastre) 
(Jersey) Law 1990, as amended, or any application being made or 
other steps being taken for the appointment of an administrator in 
relation to the Company, or any appointment being made of a 
receiver, administrative receiver, administrator or similar official in 
relation to the Company or its assets or any distress or execution 
being levied or enforced upon or sued out against, or any 
encumbrancer (other than the Trustee) taking possession of, the 
assets of the Company and any other analogous or similar 
proceedings or events occurring in any jurisdiction or the Company 
ceasing or threatening to cease to carry on business or being or being 
deemed to be unable to pay its debts as they become due 
“Jersey” 
means the Island of Jersey, Channel Islands 
“LBMA” 
means The London Bullion Market Association 
“LBMA AM Gold Price” 
means the price for fine troy ounces of gold established and 
published by the IBA-administered auction process on each London 
trading day during the fixed session beginning at 10.30 a.m.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
“LBMA PM Gold Price” 
means the price for fine troy ounces of gold established and 
published by the IBA-administered auction process on each London 
trading day during the fixed session beginning at 3.00 p.m.  
“Listing” 
means the admission of Gold Bullion Securities to the UK Official List 
becoming effective in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation 
Rules and admission of such securities to trading on the Main Market 
of the London Stock Exchange 
“Listing Rules” 
means the Listing Rules of the FCA from time to time made under 
section 73A of FSMA 
“London AM Fix” 
means, on any day on which the London bullion market is open for 
business, the morning gold Fixing or, if there is only one daily gold 
Fixing, that daily Fixing  
“London Stock Exchange” 
means London Stock Exchange plc 
“ManJer” 
means WisdomTree Management Jersey Limited (formerly ETFS 
Management Company (Jersey) Limited), a company incorporated 
and registered in Jersey, with registered number 106921 
“MiFID II” 
means EU Directive 2014/65/EU (the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive), as amended 
“NIPS Code” 
means the Non-Investment Products Code for principals and 
broking firms in the wholesale markets, a voluntary code covering 
wholesale bullion, wholesale deposits and the foreign exchange 
market in the UK. The NIPS Code is prepared by market 
practitioners co-ordinated by the Foreign Exchange Joint Standing 
Committee, the Sterling Money Markets Liaison Group and the 
Management Committee of the LBMA and is intended as guidance 
on what is currently believed to be good market practice 
“Offering” 
means the continuous offering for subscription of up to 
1,000,000,000 Gold Bullion Securities, as described in this 
document 
“Official List” 
means the Official List maintained by the Euronext Dublin 
“outstanding” 
means in relation to the Gold Bullion Securities, all the Gold Bullion 
Securities issued and in respect of which there is for the time being 
an entry in the Register other than: 
(a) a Gold Bullion Security which has been redeemed and cancelled 
pursuant to the Trust Instrument; and 
(b) a Gold Bullion Security which has been purchased and 
cancelled pursuant to the Trust Instrument; 
PROVIDED THAT for each of the following purposes, namely: 
(i) the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Security 
Holders or any of them; 
(ii) the determination of how many and which Gold Bullion 
Securities are for the time being outstanding for the purposes of 
Clauses 8.1(b) and 9.1 and paragraphs 1, 3, 4 and 7 of the Third 
Schedule (Provisions for Meetings of Security Holders) of the 
Trust Instrument, and Clause 7.2(b) of the Security Deed; 
(iii) any discretion, power or authority (whether contained in the Trust 
Instrument, the Conditions or the Security Deed or vested by 
operation of law) which the Trustee is required, expressly or 
impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the 
Security Holders or any of them; and

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(iv) the determination by the Trustee whether any event, 
circumstance, matter or thing is, in its opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Security Holders or any of them, 
Gold Bullion Securities (if any) which are for the time being held by, 
for the benefit of, or on behalf of, (A) the Company, (B) any parent 
undertaking of the Company, (C) any Subsidiary of the Company, 
(D) any individual Controller or (E) any person controlled by any 
such persons listed in (A) to (E) above shall (unless and until ceasing 
to be so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding and accordingly 
the holders of such Gold Bullion Securities shall be deemed not to 
be Security Holders 
“OTC” 
means the global over-the-counter market for the trading of gold 
“Overseas Person” 
means a person whose activities are not subject to the prohibition in 
section 19 of FSMA by virtue of its not carrying on such activities in 
the United Kingdom, whose head office is situated outside the 
United Kingdom and whose ordinary business involves carrying on 
activities of the kind specified by any of articles 14, 21, 25, 37, 40, 
45, 51, 52 and 53 or, so far as relevant to any of those articles, article 
64 of the RAO (or would do so apart from any exclusion from any of 
those articles made by the RAO) 
“parent undertaking” 
means, in relation to any company, a person who: 
(a) holds a majority of the voting rights in that company; or 
(b) is a member of that company and has the right to appoint or 
remove a majority of its board of directors; or 
(c) has the right to exercise a dominant influence over such 
company: 
(i) by virtue of the provisions contained in that company’s 
memorandum or articles of association: or 
(ii) by virtue of a control contract, or 
(d) is a member of the company and controls alone, pursuant to an 
agreement with other shareholders or members, a majority of 
the voting rights in the company 
“Per Security Entitlement to 
Gold” 
means 99.550959 per cent. of one-tenth of a fine troy ounce of gold 
as at 1 July 2005 reducing daily by the Gold Sales Charge Rate as 
described in “Gold Sales Charge and Per Security Entitlement to 
Gold” in Part 1 (Information on the Company, ManJer and Gold 
Bullion Securities) 
“PRA” 
means the Prudential Regulation Authority of the United Kingdom 
“Programme” 
means the programme for the issuance of Gold Bullion Securities 
provided by this document or, where the context requires, any 
previous prospectus or listing particulars issued by the Company 
relating to the Gold Bullion Securities 
“Prospectus Directive” 
means Directive 2003/71/EC of the European Parliament and the 
European Council 
“Prospectus Regulation” 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended) 
“Prospectus Regulation 
Rules” 
means the prospectus regulation rules of the FCA from time to time 
made under section 73A of FSMA 
“R&H” 
means R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
“RAO” 
means the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated 
Activities) Order 2001 made under FSMA 
“Receipts Account” 
means any account established with an Approved Counterparty in 
the name of the Trustee as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Security 
and pursuant to the Receipts Account Agreement, into which the 
Approved Counterparty shall pay any amounts payable by it in 
settlement of transactions pursuant to any Gold Sale Counterparty 
Agreement (if such amounts are not paid directly to the relevant 
Security Holder) 
“Receipts Account 
Agreement” 
means agreement between the Company, the Trustee and an 
Approved Counterparty pursuant to which a Receipts Account shall 
be established and operated 
“Redemption Date” 
means (subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 2.5 (Gold Sale 
Method)): 
(a) in relation to a redemption of Gold Bullion Securities at the 
request of a Security Holder, the date which is later of: 
(i) two Business Days after the date upon which such 
Redemption Notice is received by the Company from such 
Security Holder; and 
(ii) the date on which the delivery of gold or payment of cash, as 
the case may be, is required to be made by the Company in 
respect of the redemption of such Gold Bullion Security, as 
specified in the relevant Redemption Notice by the relevant 
Security Holder; and 
(b) in relation to a compulsory redemption of Gold Bullion Securities 
as required by the Company, the date on which the delivery of 
gold or payment of cash, as the case may be, is required to be 
made by the Company in respect of such redemption as 
specified in its notice of redemption to Security Holders; and 
(c) in relation to a redemption of Gold Bullion Securities as required 
by the Trustee following the occurrence of an Insolvency Event, 
the date falling 20 Business Days following the Trustee giving 
the Company notice requiring such redemption 
“Redemption Fee” 
means the fee payable by a Security Holder on the redemption of 
Gold Bullion Securities pursuant to Condition 2.8 (Redemption Fee)  
“Redemption Instructions” 
means the instructions provided by a Security Holder redeeming a 
Gold Bullion Security to the Company which, in the Company’s 
reasonable opinion, are sufficient to allow the Company to effect the 
redemption of that Gold Bullion Security in accordance with the 
applicable Redemption Method  
“Redemption Method” 
means, in relation to the redemption of a Gold Bullion Security, 
either the Gold Delivery Method or the Gold Sale Method, as 
specified by the relevant Security Holder or the Company (as the 
case may be) in the relevant Redemption Notice or otherwise 
notified to the Security Holder by the Company 
“Redemption Notice” 
means a notice by a Security Holder, the Trustee or the Company 
exercising its right to require the redemption of all or (in the case of 
a notice by a Security Holder) any Gold Bullion Securities pursuant 
to the Conditions, which in the case of such notice by a Security 
Holder shall contain its Redemption Instructions 
“Redemption Obligations” 
means the obligation of the Company on redemption of a Gold 
Bullion Security to pay cash, if the Gold Sale Method applies, or to

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
deliver gold, if the Gold Delivery Method applies, to the relevant 
Security Holder in accordance with the Conditions 
“Register” 
means the register of holders of Gold Bullion Securities kept and 
maintained by the Registrar 
“Registered Address” 
means, in relation to a Security Holder, whether or not there is one 
or more than one Security Holder registered in respect of that Gold 
Bullion Security, the last single address recorded in the Register in 
respect of that Gold Bullion Security 
“Registrar” 
means Computershare 
Investor Services (Jersey) Limited, 
Queensway House, Hilgrove Street, St. Helier, Jersey, Channel 
Islands, JEI IES or such other person as may be appointed by the 
Company from time to time to maintain the Register 
“Regulated Market” 
means a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, as amended  
“Relevant Approved 
Counterparty” 
 
in respect of the redemption of Gold Bullion Securities using the 
Gold Sale Method: 
(i) if there is only one Approved Counterparty, means the Approved 
Counterparty so appointed pursuant to a Gold Sale 
Counterparty Agreement; and 
(ii) if there is more than one Approved Counterparty, means the 
Approved Counterparty selected by the Company to purchase 
the relevant gold on the redemption of such Gold Bullion 
Securities 
“RNS” 
means the London Stock Exchange’s Regulatory News Service 
“Sale Costs” 
means any costs and expenses of effecting any sale of gold and/or 
exchange of currencies pursuant to the Gold Sale Method which shall 
include, without limitation, storage costs, insurance costs and any 
applicable sales and transfer taxes associated with such sale 
“Secured Allocated Account” 
means the allocated gold account number 18899 established in the 
name of the Trustee as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Security 
with the Custodian pursuant to the Secured Allocated Account 
Agreement 
“Secured Allocated Account 
Agreement” 
 
means the Secured Allocated Account Agreement dated 24 March 
2004 between the Company, the Trustee (as legal mortgagee 
pursuant to the Security), and the Custodian pursuant to which the 
Secured Allocated Account is established and operated 
“Secured Gold” 
means all gold (whether in allocated or unallocated form) comprised 
within the Secured Property, being the gold in the Secured Gold 
Accounts 
“Secured Gold Accounts” 
means the Secured Allocated Account and the Secured Unallocated 
Account 
“Secured Property” 
means: 
(a) all gold credited to the Secured Gold Accounts; 
(b) the rights of the Company in respect of the Secured Gold 
Accounts including all rights of the Company in the Custodian 
Agreements; 
(c) all rights of the Company under any Gold Sale Counterparty 
Agreement and any transactions thereunder; and

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
(d) all rights of the Company in respect of any Receipts Account 
including all rights of the Company in any Receipts Account 
Agreement 
“Secured Unallocated 
Account” 
means the unallocated gold account number 18899 established in 
the name of the Trustee as legal mortgagee pursuant to the Security 
with the Custodian pursuant to the Secured Unallocated Account 
Agreement 
“Secured Unallocated 
Account Agreement”  
means the Secured Unallocated Account Agreement dated 24 
March 2004 (as amended) between the Company, the Trustee and 
the Custodian pursuant to which the Secured Unallocated Account 
is established and operated 
“Security” 
means the security constituted by the Security Deed 
“Security Deed” 
means the security deed dated 24 March 2004 between the 
Company and the Trustee creating a first fixed charge over the 
Secured Property for the benefit of the Trustee and the Security 
Holders 
“Security Holder” 
means the registered holder of a Gold Bullion Security as shown in 
the Register 
“Service Agreement” 
means the Service Agreement dated 17 October 2008 between 
ManJer and the Company providing for certain services to be 
provided by ManJer to the Company in relation to the Gold Bullion 
Securities 
“Sterling” or “£” 
means the lawful currency of the United Kingdom 
“Subscription Unallocated 
Account” 
means the unallocated gold account number 18897 established by 
the Company with the Custodian in the name of the Company 
pursuant to the Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement 
“Subscription Unallocated 
Account Agreement” 
means the Subscription Unallocated Account Agreement dated 24 
March 2004 (as amended) between the Company and the 
Custodian pursuant to which the Subscription Unallocated Account 
is established and operated 
“Subsidiary” 
means, in relation to any person (the “first Person”) at any particular 
time, any other person (the “second Person”): 
(a) whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the 
power to control, whether by ownership of share capital, 
contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or 
(b) whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable 
law and generally accepted accounting principles, consolidated 
with those of the first Person 
“System” 
means the system for requesting the issue and redemption of Gold 
Bullion Securities via the secure website intended to be maintained 
by the Company for such purpose as described under the heading 
“The System” in Part 4 (Description of the Gold Bullion Securities) 
“Tax” 
means any VAT, tax, income tax, capital gains tax, corporation tax, 
goods and services tax, withholding tax, stamp, financial institutions, 
registration and other duties, bank accounts debits tax, import/export 
tax or tariff and any other taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, interest, 
penalties and charges imposed or levied by a government or 
government agency

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
“Transparency Directive” 
means Directive 2004/109/EC of the European Parliament and the 
European Council 
“Transparency Rules” 
means the disclosure rules and transparency rules of the FCA 
from time to time, made under section 73A of FSMA 
“Trustee” 
means The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. appointed as 
such for the Trust Instrument and includes any subsequent trustee 
or any nominee, custodian, delegate or agent of the Trustee as the 
context requires 
“Trust Instrument” 
means the Trust Instrument dated 24 March 2004 between the 
Company and the Trustee constituting the Gold Bullion Securities 
“UCITS Fund” 
means a collective investment scheme which in accordance with the 
UCITS directive (Council Directive No. 85/611/EEC) is an 
undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities 
subject to that directive and includes a UCITS Scheme 
“UCITS Scheme” 
means a scheme that falls within the definition of a “UCITS 
Scheme” contained in the FCA Glossary 
“UK Listing Authority” 
means the FCA acting in its capacity as the competent authority for 
the purposes of Part VI of FSMA or any successor enactment 
"UK Official List" 
means the official list maintained by the FCA for the purposes of Part 
VI of FSMA 
"UK Prospectus Regulation"      means the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 
2003/71/EC, which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 
“Unallocated Accounts” 
means the Secured Unallocated Account and the Subscription 
Unallocated Account 
“Uncertificated Form” 
means recorded on the Register as being held in uncertificated form, 
title to which, by virtue of the Jersey Companies (Uncertificated 
Securities) (Jersey) Order 1999, is to be transferred by means of 
CREST 
“United Kingdom” or “UK” 
means United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland 
“US dollars” or “US$” 
means the lawful currency of the United States 
“VAT” 
means value added tax 
 
References in this document to a particular time are, unless otherwise stated, references to the time 
applicable in London, United Kingdom. 
References in this document to any legislation of the European Union includes reference to such legislation 
as it applies in the United Kingdom pursuant to the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 of the United 
Kingdom, the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 of the UK and any other applicable UK 
legislation in relation to the “on-shoring” of retained EU law. 
Whilst certain agreements were entered into before the Prospectus Regulation came into force, Article 46(2) 
of the Prospectus Regulation provides that references to the Prospectus Directive should be construed as 
references to the Prospectus Regulation. Any references to the Prospectus Directive in this Prospectus are, 
therefore, to be construed as references to the Prospectus Regulation. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this document to any agreement or documents includes 
a reference to such agreement or document, as amended, varied, novated, supplemented or replaced from

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
time to time and unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise requires, references in this document to 
any statute or any provision of any statute include a reference to any statutory modification or re-enactment 
thereof or any statutory instrument, order or regulation made thereunder or any such modification or re-
enactment, in each case in force as at the date of this Prospectus.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
DIRECTORS, SECRETARY AND ADVISERS 
Directors of the Company 
Christopher John Michael Foulds 
Steven Ross 
Peter Ziemba 
Bryan Governey 
All directors are non-executive 
Secretary of the Company 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
Administrator of the Company 
R&H Fund Services (Jersey) Limited 
Registered office of the Company and address 
of the directors and secretary of the Company 
 
Ordnance House 
31 Pier Road 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 8PW 
Channel Islands  
Tel: +44 1534 825 200 
www.wisdomtree.eu 
Custodian 
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square  
London E14 5HQ 
Trustee 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
8th Floor, 100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
English Legal Advisers to the Company 
 
W Legal Limited  
47 Red Lion Street 
London WC1R 4PF 
UK Tax Advisers to the Company 
Dechert LLP 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4QQ 
English Legal Advisers to the Trustee 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
CityPoint 
1 Ropemaker Street 
London EC2Y 9SS 
Jersey Legal Advisers to the Company 
Mourant Ozannes (Jersey) LLP 
22 Grenville Street  
St. Helier Jersey JE4 8PX  
Channel Islands 
Austrian Legal Advisers to the Company 
 
Dorda Brugger Jordis Rechtsanwälte GmbH 
Dr-Karl-Lueger-Ring 10 
1010 Vienna Austria 
French Legal Advisers to the Company 
Dechert LLP 
32 Rue de Monceau  
75008 Paris 
France

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
Italian Legal Advisers to the Company 
CBA Studio Legale e Tributario 
Galleria San Carlo 6  
20122 Milano 
Italy 
German Legal Advisers to the Company 
Dechert LLP 
Skygarden 
Erika-Mann Straße, 5 
80636 Munich  
Germany 
German Listing and Paying Agent 
HSBC Trinkaus & Burkhardt AG 
Königsallee 21/23 
40212 Düsseldorf  
Germany 
Belgian Legal Advisers to the Company 
Janson Baugniet S.C.R.L 
Chaussée de la Hulpe 87  
1170 Brussels 
Belgium 
Dutch Legal Advisers to the Company 
Stibbe 
Strawinskylaan 2001, Postbus 75640 
1070 AP Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
Jersey Legal Advisers to the Trustee 
Ogier 
Ogier House 
The Esplanade  
St. Helier Jersey JE4 9WG  
Channel Islands 
Irish Legal Advisers to the Company 
A&L Goodbody 
IFSC 
North Wall Quay Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Auditors of the Company 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Liberation House, Castle Street 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 1EY 
Channel Islands 
Ernst & Young LLP is a registered auditor with the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and 
Wales. 
Registrar 
Computershare Investor Services (Jersey) Limited 
Queensway House 
Hilgrove Street  
St. Helier  
Jersey JE1 1ES  
Channel Islands

--- Page 82 ---
82 
ANNEX 1 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an issue by Gold Bullion Securities Limited under the programme for the issue of Gold 
Bullion Securities. 
This form of Final Terms is used when Gold Bullion Securities are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
other than in conjunction with an offer thereof to the public in one or more member states (for example to 
Applicants). 
 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated:   [•]  20[•] 
GOLD BULLION SECURITIES LIMITED 
LEI: 213800EE1LGIXW16QB30 
ISSUE OF [  •  ] GOLD BULLION SECURITIES  
UNDER THE PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUE OF UP TO 
1,000,000,000 GOLD BULLION SECURITIES 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus, as supplemented from time to time (the 
“Prospectus”) dated 24 July 2023 in relation to the above Programme) relate to the issue of the Gold Bullion 
Securities referred to above. The Gold Bullion Securities have the terms provided for in the trust instrument 
dated 24 March 2004 (as may be amended from time to time) between the Company and The Law Debenture 
Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee constituting the Gold Bullion Securities. Words and expressions used in 
these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the Prospectus. 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of (1) filing with a competent authority (within the meaning 
of the Prospectus Regulation) for the purpose of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and (2) filing with the 
FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation Rules only.  These 
Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement, which are published in 
accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and Rule PRR 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation Rules 
on the website of the Company: www.wisdomtree.eu. In order to get the full information both the Prospectus 
(and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in conjunction. A summary of the individual issue is 
annexed to these Final Terms. 
The particulars in relation to this issue of Gold Bullion Securities are as follows:  
 
ISIN Number: 
GB00B00FHZ82 
Issue Date: 
[ • ] 
Number of Gold Bullion Securities to which these 
Final Terms apply:  
[ • ] 
Issue Price: 
[ • ] per cent. of one-tenth of one fine troy ounce 
of gold 
Net proceeds of issue of the Gold Bullion 
Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
[ • ] fine troy ounces Gold 
Exchanges on which Gold Bullion Securities are 
admitted to trading: 
[London Stock Exchange*] 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange] 
[NYSE Euronext Paris] 
[Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] 
[Euronext Brussels] 
[Euronext Dublin] 
* Please note that admission to the UK Official List and to 
trading on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are

--- Page 83 ---
83 
not offers or admission to trading under the Prospectus 
Regulation as it applies in the European Union but are such 
offers and admission to trading for the purposes of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation . 
Maximum number/amount of Gold Bullion 
Securities that may be issued pursuant to these 
Final Terms: 
[ • ]

--- Page 84 ---
84 
ANNEX 
FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
(Company to annex form of issue specific summary to the Final Terms)

--- Page 85 ---
85 
ANNEX 2 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS – PUBLIC OFFERS 
Pro Forma Final Terms for an offer of Gold Bullion Securities to the public under the Programme for the Issue 
of Gold Bullion Securities 
This form of Final Terms is used when Gold Bullion Securities are being offered to the public in one or more 
member states 
 
FINAL TERMS 
Dated [•] 20[•] 
GOLD BULLION SECURITIES LIMITED 
LEI: 213800EE1LGIXW16QB30 
ISSUE OF [ • ] GOLD BULLION SECURITIES 
UNDER THE PROGRAMME FOR THE ISSUE OF UP TO 
1,000,000,000 GOLD BULLION SECURITIES 
These Final Terms (as referred to in the base prospectus, as supplemented from time to time (the 
“Prospectus”) dated 24 July 2023 in relation to the above Programme) relate to the issue of the Gold Bullion 
Securities referred to above. The Gold Bullion Securities have the terms provided for in the trust instrument 
dated 24 March 2004 (as may be amended from time to time) between the Company and The Law Debenture 
Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee constituting the Gold Bullion Securities. Words and expressions used in 
these Final Terms bear the same meaning as in the Prospectus. 
These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of (1) filing with a competent authority (within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) for the purpose of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and 
(2) filing with the FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation Rules 
only.  These Final Terms must be read in conjunction with the Prospectus and any supplement, which are 
published in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and Rule PRR 3.2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation Rules on the website of the Company: www.wisdomtree.eu. In order to get the full information both 
the Prospectus (and any supplement) and these Final Terms must be read in conjunction. A summary of the 
individual issue is annexed to these Final Terms. 
An offer of the Gold Bullion Securities may be made (other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation) by the Company or by [•] with LEI [•]] (each a “Permitted Offeror”) in [Austria, Belgium, France, 
Germany, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Poland [the United Kingdom (please note that such 
offers in the United Kingdom will not be offers made pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation but will be made 
pursuant to the UK Prospectus Regulation)] (“Public Offer Jurisdictions”) during the period from [•] until [•] 
(the “Offer Period”). 
The particulars in relation to this issue of Gold Bullion Securities are as follows:  
 
ISIN Number: 
GB00B00FHZ82 
Issue Date: 
[ • ] 
Number of Gold Bullion Securities to which these 
Final Terms apply:  
[ • ] 
Issue Price: 
[ • ] per cent. of one-tenth of one fine troy ounce of 
gold

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Net proceeds of issue of the Gold Bullion 
Securities to which these Final Terms apply: 
[ • ] fine troy ounces Gold 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is not 
fixed, description of the arrangement and time for 
announcing to the public the amount of the offer: 
[ • ] 
Exchanges on which Gold Bullion Securities are 
admitted to trading: 
[London Stock Exchange*] 
[Frankfurt Stock Exchange] 
[NYSE Euronext Paris] 
[Borsa Italiana S.p.A.] 
[Euronext Brussels] 
[Euronext Dublin] 
*Please note that admission to the UK Official List and to trading 
on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange are not 
offers or admission to trading under the Prospectus Regulation 
as it applies in the European Union, but are such offers and 
admission to trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation  
Maximum 
number/amount 
of 
Gold 
Bullion 
Securities that may be issued pursuant to these 
Final Terms: 
[•] 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer 
 
Offer Price: 
[•] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[•] 
The 
time 
period, 
including 
any 
possible 
amendments, during which the offer will be open 
and a description of the application process:  
[•] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount 
of application: 
[•] 
Details of the method and time limits for paying up 
and delivering the Gold Bullion Securities: 
[•] 
Manner in and date on which results of the offer 
are to be made public:  
[•] 
Categories of potential investors to which the 
Gold Bullion Securities are offered and whether 
tranche(s) have been reserved for certain 
countries 
[•] 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved for 
certain countries:  
[•] 
Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is made:  
[•] 
Amount of any expenses and taxes specifically 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser:  
[•]

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent known to 
the Company, of the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
[•] 
Name and address of any paying agents and 
depository agents in each country: 
[•] 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis, and entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or under 
“best efforts” arrangements. Where not all of the 
issue is underwritten, a statement of the portion 
not covered: 
[•] 
When the underwriting agreement has been or 
will be reached:  
[•] 
Name and address of calculation agent: 
[•] 
.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
ANNEX  
FORM OF ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
(Company to annex form of issue specific summary to the Final Terms)