--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
GraniteShares Financial Plc 
(incorporated as a public limited company with limited liability in Ireland with registration number 608059) 
Collateralised ETP Securities Programme 
What is this document? 
This document (this “Base Prospectus”) is issued in respect of the Collateralised ETP Securities Programme (the “Programme”) of GraniteShares 
Financial Plc (the “Issuer”). 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”).  This Base 
Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”) as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation.  The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the ETP Securities that are 
subject to this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the ETP Securities.  Furthermore, 
such approval relates only to the ETP Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on Markets in Financial Instruments, as amended, (“MiFID II”) 
(“MiFID II”)) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. 
This Base Prospectus has also been approved as a base prospectus by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) as competent authority under the 
UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”).  The FCA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility, and consistency 
imposed by the UK Prospectus Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the ETP 
Securities that are subject to this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the ETP 
Securities. 
Investors should be aware that the prospectus regulation rules of the FCA from time to time, made under sections 73A and 84 of the United Kingdom 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “Prospectus Regulation Rules”) and the UK Prospectus Regulation apply where the ETP Securities 
are admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within the United Kingdom and/or an offer of ETP Securities is made to the 
public (within the meaning provided for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation Rules) in the United Kingdom.  The Prospectus Regulation 
applies where the ETP Securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II and/or an offer of the ETP Securities is 
made to the public (within the meaning provided for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) in one or more Member State of the European 
Economic Area.  Accordingly, Investors should be aware that they will only have the rights afforded by the Prospectus Regulation Rules and the 
UK Prospectus Regulation if those provisions apply and will only have the rights afforded by the Prospectus Regulation if the Prospectus Regulation 
applies. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for one year from the date hereof.  The Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
It is important that you read and understand this Base Prospectus before you invest in ETP Securities. 
What type of securities does this document relate to? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of secured, limited recourse securities (“ETP Securities”) of the Issuer that will be linked to an Index, 
will not pay any interest and upon maturity will pay an amount linked to the performance of the Index, subject to deduction of applicable fees and 
other adjustments (as further described herein). 
The ETP Securities involve a significant degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part of their 
investment. 
Who is the Issuer? 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle whose sole business is the issue of ETP Securities. 
What is in this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus is intended to provide investors with information with regard to the Issuer and the ETP Securities which, according to the 
particular nature of the Issuer and the ETP Securities, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer. 
The contractual terms of any particular Series of ETP Securities will be made up of the terms and conditions set out in the section headed “Master 
Terms and Conditions of the ETP Securities” of this Base Prospectus, as completed by a separate Final Terms document, which is specific to 
that issuance of ETP Securities (the “Final Terms”).  
The Base Prospectus also discloses: risk factors relating to an investment in ETP Securities; information about the agreements entered into by the 
Issuer in respect of the ETP Securities; information concerning certain parties that have roles in connection with the Programme; information 
regarding taxation in certain jurisdictions; and information about selling restrictions applicable to the ETP Securities.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
All capitalised terms used will be defined in this Base Prospectus or the Final Terms and a glossary of defined terms is set out at the back of this 
Base Prospectus. 
What other documents do I need to read? 
This Base Prospectus contains all information which is necessary to enable investors to make an informed decision of the financial position and 
prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the ETP Securities. Some of this information is completed in an issue-specific document called 
the Final Terms. This Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with the Final Terms in respect of the relevant Series of ETP Securities. 
This Base Prospectus will be made available at https://graniteshares.com/europe/etps 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
Whilst the Base Prospectus includes general information about all ETP Securities, the Final Terms is the document that sets out the specific details 
of the particular issue of ETP Securities covered by those Final Terms. Such details will include, amongst other things: the issue date; issue price; 
currency; series name; name(s) of the Authorised Participant(s); scheduled maturity date; the Index to which those ETP Securities are linked; and 
the fee percentages applicable to those ETP Securities. 
 
Arranger 
GRANITESHARES JERSEY LIMITED 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 30 March 2022. 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and for the purposes of the UK version of Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, 
which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus 
Regulation”). 
Approval 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as 
meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
ETP Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the ETP Securities. 
Such approval relates only to the ETP Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and / or which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area. 
The Issuer has also requested the Central Bank to notify its approval of this Base Prospectus in accordance 
with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation to the competent authority in each of: 
(i) 
Belgium, the Financial Services and Markets Authority;. 
(ii) 
Finland, the Finanssivalvonta (Finnish Financial Supervisory Authority); 
(iii) 
France, the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) 
(iv) 
Germany, the Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (the Federal Financial Supervisory  
Authority); 
(v) 
Italy, the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB);

--- Page 3 ---
3 
(vi) 
The Netherlands, the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (Authority for the Financial Markets);  
(vii) Portugal, the Comissâo do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (CMVM); 
(viii) Spain, the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (Securities Market Commission); and 
(ix) 
Sweden, the Finansinspektionen (Financial Supervisory Authority);   
by providing each of them, inter alia, with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has 
been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation.  The Issuer may in due course request the 
Central Bank to provide competent authorities in other Member States of the EEA with such certificates 
whether for the purpose of making a public offer in such Member States or for admission to trading of all or 
any Series of ETP Securities on a regulated market therein or both. 
This Base Prospectus has also been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) as competent 
authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation.  The FCA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the UK Prospectus 
Regulation.  Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the 
ETP Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment 
as to the suitability of investing in the ETP Securities. 
Admission to Listing and Trading 
In respect of certain Series of ETP Securities, application will be made to the FCA for the ETP Securities of 
such Series to be admitted to the official list of the FCA (“UK Official List”) and to the London Stock 
Exchange plc (the “London Stock Exchange”) for such ETP Securities to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the London Stock Exchange. 
In respect of certain Series of ETP Securities, application may be made to the Italian Stock Exchange (Borsa 
Italiana) (the “Italian Stock Exchange”) for ETP Securities issued under this Programme to be admitted to 
listing and trading on the ETFPlus market managed and organised by the Italian Stock Exchange (the 
“ETFPlus”) and/or on the SeDeX, the multilateral trading facility of securitised derivatives financial 
instruments managed and organised by the Italian Stock Exchange (“SeDeX”). 
The Central Bank approval of this programme relates only to the ETP Securities which are to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Italian Stock Exchange or other regulated markets for the purposes 
of MiFID II or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area.   
The FCA approval of this programme relates only to the ETP Securities which are to be admitted to the UK 
Official List and to trading on the London Stock Exchange or which are to be offered to the public in the 
United Kingdom.  Such offers and admissions to trading are not offers or admission to trading for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European Union, but are offers and admission to 
trading for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
References in this Base Prospectus to ETP Securities being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean 
that such ETP Securities have been admitted to trading on some or all of (i) the London Stock Exchange 
which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2019, (ii) the ETFPlus (which is a regulated market for the 
purposes of MiFID II), and (iii) SeDeX (which is a multilateral trading facility for the purposes of MiFID II).  
The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any ETP Securities will specify which exchange(s) or 
trading facilities the ETP Securities will be admitted to trading on.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Rating 
ETP Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of ETP Securities is 
to be rated such rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such rating will not necessarily be the 
same as the rating assigned to the ETP Securities already issued. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning agency.  
This Base Prospectus contains references to credit ratings granted by Moody’s Investors Service Limited 
(“Moody’s”), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. (“S&P”) 
and Fitch Ratings Limited (“Fitch”). Moody’s, S&P, and Fitch are not established in the European Union and 
have not applied for registration pursuant to the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies 
(the “CRA Regulation”). 
Responsibility for Base Prospectus and Consent to Use by Authorised Offerors 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. The information in the section entitled 
“Information Concerning the Swap Counterparty” has been obtained from the Swap Counterparty and the 
Issuer accepts responsibility for the accurate reproduction of such information. As far as the Issuer is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by Natixis, no facts have been omitted which would 
render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Natixis accepts responsibility for the information contained in the section entitled “Information Concerning 
the Swap Counterparty”. To the best of the knowledge of Natixis, such information is in accordance with the 
facts and the section makes no omission likely to affect its import. To the fullest extent permitted by law, 
Natixis does not accept any responsibility (whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise) for the other 
contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it or on its 
behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the ETP Securities. 
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (and accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus) with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public 
offer of a Series of ETP Securities by any Authorised Participant, Authorised Distributor or other financial 
intermediary in respect of that Series of ETP Securities in Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, the 
Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, and the United Kingdom, which, in the case of Belgium, Finland, 
France, Germany, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain and Sweden is an investment firm within the meaning 
of MiFID II which is authorised in accordance with MiFID II in any EU member state, and in the case of the 
United Kingdom, is an investment firm within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”) and is authorised to make such offers under the 
United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 as amended and/or supplemented from time to 
time (the “FSMA”) (each an “Authorised Offeror”), provided such Authorised Offeror complies with the 
Selling Restrictions. Such consent applies to any such resale or final placement by way of public offer during 
the period of 12 months from the date of the Base Prospectus unless such consent is withdrawn prior to that 
date by notice published on the website of the Issuer at https://graniteshares.com/europe/etps (or such other 
website as may be notified to Securityholders). Other than the right of the Issuer to withdraw the consent 
and the aforementioned requirements applicable to Authorised Offerors, no other conditions are attached to 
the consent described in this paragraph. Any new information with respect to the identity of any new 
Authorised 
Participants 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://graniteshares.com/europe/etps (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders (as 
defined in Condition 2)). An Authorised Offeror using this Base Prospectus is required to publish on 
its website that it uses this Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the 
conditions attached thereto. However, neither the directors of the Issuer nor GraniteShares Jersey Limited 
has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror (save where it is itself an Authorised

--- Page 5 ---
5 
Offeror), including compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other 
local regulatory requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer. 
In the event of an offer being made by an Authorised Offeror, the Authorised Offeror will provide 
information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is made. 
Any offer or sale of ETP Securities to an investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made in 
accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and 
such investor including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements. Where such 
information is not contained in the Base Prospectus or Final Terms, it will be the responsibility of 
the applicable financial intermediary at the time of such offer to provide the investor with that 
information and neither the Issuer nor the Arranger or other Authorised Offeror has any 
responsibility or liability for such information. 
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger has authorised (nor do they authorise or 
consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in connection with) any resale or final placement of the ETP 
Securities by way of a public offer by any person in any circumstances. Any such unauthorised offers are 
not made on behalf of the Issuer or the Arranger or Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or the 
Arranger or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the actions of any person making such 
offers. Investors should enquire whether a financial intermediary is an Authorised Offeror. If an investor is 
offered ETP Securities by a person or entity which is not an Authorised Offeror, the investor should check 
with such person or entity whether any entity is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes of 
section 90 of FSMA in the context of an offer of ETP Securities to the public. If the investor is in doubt about 
whether it can rely on the Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, it should take legal 
advice. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Trustee, the Security Trustee, any Agent nor any 
Authorised Offeror (excluding, for this purpose, Natixis) accepts any responsibility for the contents of this 
Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it or on its behalf in connection 
with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the ETP Securities. Each of the Trustee, the Security Trustee, 
each Agent and each Authorised Offeror (excluding, for this purpose, Natixis) disclaims all and any liability 
whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base 
Prospectus and/or any such statement. 
The Authorised Participants may appoint distributors or brokers in connection with the offering of ETP 
Securities and may pay commissions or fees to such distributors or brokers (any such appointed distributor 
or broker being an “Authorised Distributor”). If any commissions or fees relating to the issue and sale of 
these ETP Securities have been paid or are payable by an Authorised Participant to a distributor or broker, 
then such distributor or broker may be obliged to fully disclose to its clients the existence, nature and amount 
of any such commissions or fees (including, if applicable, by way of discount) as required in accordance with 
laws and regulations applicable to such distributor or broker, including any legislation, regulation and/or rule 
implementing MiFID II or as otherwise may apply in any non European Economic Area jurisdictions. Potential 
investors in these ETP Securities should ensure that they have been informed about the fee or commission 
arrangements by the distributor or broker before making any purchase of the ETP Securities. 
Other Representations not to be Relied on 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the ETP Securities and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, 
the Arranger, any Authorised Offeror, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, any Agent, the Swap Counterparty 
or the Swap Collateral Custodian.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Possible Change in Circumstances of the Issuer 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
No representation as to Swap Counterparty, the Swap Collateral Custodian or Posted 
Collateral 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, any other Transaction Party nor any 
Affiliate of any such persons makes any representation as to the credit quality of the Swap Counterparty, 
the Swap Collateral Custodian or any Posted Collateral. Any of such persons may have acquired, or during 
the term of the ETP Securities may acquire, non-public information in relation to the Swap Counterparty, the 
Swap Collateral Custodian and/or the Posted Collateral. None of such persons is under any obligation to 
make such information directly available to Securityholders. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, 
the Security Trustee, any other Transaction Party nor any Affiliate of any such persons is under any 
obligation to make available any information relating to, or keep under review on the Securityholders’ behalf, 
the business, financial conditions, prospects, creditworthiness or state of affairs of the Swap Counterparty, 
the Swap Collateral Custodian or any issuer/obligor in relation to any Posted Collateral under the Account 
Control Agreement or conduct any investigation or due diligence thereon. 
No representation as to Index Sponsor 
The ETP Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Index Sponsor (in its capacity as 
such, although an Index Sponsor might also be an Authorised Participant) of the relevant Index and the 
Index Sponsor makes no representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to 
be obtained from the use of the Index and/or the levels at which the Index stands at any particular time on 
any particular date or otherwise. 
None of the Issuer the Trustee, the Security Trustee nor any other Transaction Party shall (or is under any 
obligation to) verify any calculation, determination of, or level published by, the relevant Index Sponsor in 
respect of the Index. The Index Sponsor shall not be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) to any 
person for any error in the Index and the Index Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any 
error therein. None of the Issuer the Trustee, the Security Trustee nor any other Transaction Party shall have 
any liability to any Securityholder or any other person for any act or failure to act by the Index Sponsor in 
connection with the calculation, adjustment, maintenance and/or publication of the Index.  
Investors to Make Own Assessment 
ETP Securities may be offered to retail clients, professional clients or other eligible counterparties. This 
document identifies in general terms certain information that a prospective investor should consider prior to 
making an investment in the ETP Securities. However, a prospective investor should conduct its own 
thorough analysis (including its own accounting, legal, regulatory, financial and tax analysis) prior to deciding 
whether to invest in any ETP Securities issued under the Programme. Any evaluation of the suitability for an 
investor of an investment in ETP Securities issued under the Programme depends upon that prospective 
investor’s particular financial and other circumstances, as well as on the specific terms of the relevant ETP 
Securities.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
Benchmark Administrator 
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”) and  Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK BMR”), benchmark 
administrators should apply for authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020 (the 
“Benchmark Administrators”). Upon such authorisation or registration, the Benchmark Administrators or 
the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of the Benchmark Regulation (the “EEA Register”) or the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the UK BMR (the “UK 
Register”). 
Amounts payable on the ETP Securities are linked to the performance of various Indices (depending on the 
Series of ETP Securities), provided by BITA GmbH, Euronext N.V., FTSE Russell, Solactive AG, STOXX 
Ltd, S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC as Index Sponsors.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, each Index 
Sponsor appear on the EEA Register. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, FTSE International Limited, S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC appear on the 
UK Benchmarks Register. BITA GmBH, Euronext N.V., Solactive AG and STOXX Ltd do not appear on the 
UK Benchmarks Register. The transitional provisions in Article 51 of the UK Benchmark Regulation apply, 
such that the Index Sponsors and their benchmarks are currently required to be included in the Benchmark  
Register in order to allow the use of the Index Sponsor Benchmark in the UK. 
The terms and conditions of each Series of ETP Securities set out the actions that will be taken in the event 
that a benchmark materially changes or ceases to be provided in accordance with article 28 of the 
Benchmark Regulation. 
Fees, Costs and Charges 
This Base Prospectus and the Final Terms relating to the ETP Securities may contain certain information 
relating to fees and costs and charges applicable to the ETP Securities. If the Securityholder is advised by 
third parties (in particular companies providing services related to financial instruments, such as credit 
institutions and investment firms) when acquiring the ETP Securities, or if the third parties mediate the 
purchase, such third parties may have to provide the Securityholder, as the case may be, with a breakdown 
of costs and charges or expense ratios that are not laid out in the cost details in this Base Prospectus or the 
Final Terms relating to the ETP Securities. 
In particular, such differences may result from regulatory requirements governing how such third parties 
determine, calculate and report costs and charges. These requirements may arise for example in the course 
of the national implementation of MiFID II. Securityholders should note that the information provided by third 
parties on all relevant costs and charges may vary from one party to the other due to these third parties 
additionally invoicing the costs of their own services (e.g. a surcharge or, where applicable, recurrent 
brokering or advisory fees, depositary fees, etc.). 
No Investment Advice or Assessment of Suitability or Lawfulness of Acquisition 
This document is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice, and none of the Issuer, the Arranger, 
the Trustee, the Security Trustee nor any other Transaction Party makes any recommendation as to the 
suitability of the ETP Securities as an investment. The provision of this document to prospective investors is 
not based on any prospective investor’s individual circumstances and should not be relied upon as an 
assessment of suitability for any prospective investor of the ETP Securities. Even if the Issuer, the Arranger 
or a Transaction Party possesses information as to the objectives of any prospective investor in relation to 
any transaction, series of transactions or trading strategy, this will not be deemed sufficient for any 
assessment of suitability for such person of the ETP Securities. Any trading or investment decisions a 
prospective investor takes are in reliance on its own analysis and judgment and/or that of its advisers and

--- Page 8 ---
8 
not in reliance on the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, any other Transaction Party 
nor any of their respective Affiliates. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, any other Transaction Party nor any 
Affiliate of such persons has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the ETP 
Securities by a prospective purchaser of the ETP Securities (whether for its own account or for the account 
of any third party), whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or any jurisdiction in which 
it operates (if different), or for compliance by that prospective purchaser (or any such third party) with any 
law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Distribution and No Offer 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the ETP Securities in certain jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the 
Issuer, all Authorised Offerors and the Arranger to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions.  
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of ETP Securities and on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus, see the section entitled “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or any Transaction Party to subscribe for, or purchase, any ETP Securities. 
MiFID II Product Governance/Target Market 
The Final Terms in respect of any ETP Securities may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the ETP Securities and which 
channels for distribution of the ETP Securities are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the ETP Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the ETP Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue as 
to who, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the 
“MiFID Product Governance Rules”), is a manufacturer in respect of such ETP Securities. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any ETP Securities may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of any ETP Securities and which 
channels for distribution of the ETP Securities are appropriate.  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the ETP Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the ETP Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue as to who, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  Product 
Governance Rules, is a manufacturer in respect of such ETP Securities. 
United States Selling Restrictions 
THE ETP SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN, AND WILL NOT BE, REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR UNDER THE 
SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE OR POLITICAL SUB-DIVISION OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA OR ANY OF ITS TERRITORIES, POSSESSIONS OR OTHER AREAS SUBJECT TO ITS 
JURISDICTION INCLUDING THE COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO AND THE ISSUER HAS NOT

--- Page 9 ---
9 
BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER ANY FEDERAL LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA. NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A COMMODITY POOL 
OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED 
(THE “CEA”) AND THE RULES THEREUNDER (THE “CFTC RULES”) OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES 
TRADING COMMISSION (THE “CFTC”). ANY OFFER OR SALE OF THE ETP SECURITIES MUST BE 
MADE IN A TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE 
SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO REGULATION S THEREUNDER (“REGULATION S”). THE ETP 
SECURITIES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE 
UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF, PERSONS WHO ARE EITHER U.S. 
PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR PERSONS WHO DO NOT 
COME WITHIN THE DEFINITION OF A NON-UNITED STATES PERSON UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7 
(EXCLUDING FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE EXCEPTION TO THE 
EXTENT IT WOULD APPLY TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT NON-UNITED STATES PERSONS). FOR A 
DESCRIPTION OF FURTHER RESTRICTIONS ON THE OFFER, SALE AND TRANSFER OF THE ETP 
SECURITIES, PLEASE REFER TO THE “UNITED STATES” SUB-SECTION IN THE “SUBSCRIPTION 
AND SALE” SECTION OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. 
ETP SECURITIES MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OWNED BY ANY ENTITY THAT IS, OR THAT IS USING THE 
ASSETS OF, (A)(I) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED 
STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”)) THAT 
IS SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY REQUIREMENTS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A 
“PLAN” TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS 
AMENDED (THE “CODE”), APPLIES, OR (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE 
“PLAN ASSETS” (AS DETERMINED PURSUANT TO THE “PLAN ASSETS REGULATION” ISSUED BY 
THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF LABOR AT 29 C.F.R. SECTION 2510.3-101 AS MODIFIED BY 
SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) BY REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN’S 
INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY (ANY SUCH PLAN OR ENTITY DESCRIBED IN (I), (II) OR (III), A “BENEFIT 
PLAN INVESTOR”) OR (B) A NON-U.S. PLAN, GOVERNMENTAL PLAN, CHURCH PLAN OR OTHER 
PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAW OR 
REGULATION THAT IS SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE (A “SIMILAR LAW”) UNLESS ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF 
SUCH ETP SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, HAS NOT AND WILL NOT RESULT IN A 
VIOLATION OF SUCH SIMILAR LAW. 
No Verification or Review by Arranger or Transaction Party 
None of the Arranger, the Trustee, the Security Trustee nor any other Transaction Party has separately 
verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus (save as otherwise provided above) and 
accordingly none of them makes any representation, recommendation or warranty, express or implied, 
regarding the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the information contained herein or 
in any further information, notice or other document which may, at any time, be supplied in connection with 
the ETP Securities or their distribution and none of them accepts any responsibility or liability therefor. None 
of the Arranger, the Trustee, the Security Trustee nor any other Transaction Party undertakes to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in the ETP Securities of any information coming to 
their attention. 
Interpretation 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to 
“dollars”, “U.S. dollars”, “USD”, “$” and “U.S.$” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, 
references to “sterling”, “pounds sterling”, “GBP” and “£” are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom 
and references to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” are to the lawful currency of those Member States of the European

--- Page 10 ---
10 
Union that have adopted the single currency of the European Union. All references in this Base Prospectus 
to any time shall be expressed using the 24-hour clock convention. 
Supplements 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new base prospectus whenever 
required by the guidelines of any stock exchange on which ETP Securities are listed or, pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation and the UK Prospectus Regulation, if there is a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy affecting any matter contained in this Base Prospectus, the inclusion 
of information in respect of which would have been so required if it had arisen when this Base Prospectus 
was prepared and/or pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Authorised Participants that if, at any time during the duration of 
the Programme, there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any ETP Securities and 
whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor 
to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and 
prospects of the Issuer, and the rights attaching to the ETP Securities, the Issuer shall prepare an 
amendment or supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent offering of the ETP Securities and shall supply to the Authorised 
Participants, the Trustee and the Agents such number of copies of such supplement hereto as they may 
reasonably request. 
Websites 
The Issuer’s website and other websites referred to in this Base Prospectus and the contents thereof do not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless explicitly specified.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
This table sets out the contents of this Base Prospectus together with an outline description of the contents 
of each section. 
Section of Base Prospectus 
Pages 
What is covered by this Section?  
Important Notices 
2 
This section sets out important legal notices 
relating to the ETP Securities. 
Risk Factors 
13 
This section sets out the principal risks 
inherent in investing in ETP Securities, 
including key risks relating to investments 
linked to an Index. 
Information Incorporated by 
Reference 
41 
This section incorporates selected financial 
information regarding the Issuer from other 
publicly available documents. 
Commonly Asked Questions 
42 
This section addresses a list of commonly 
asked questions about the ETP Securities.  
Economic Overview of the ETP 
Securities 
57 
This section sets out the how returns are 
generated from different types of ETP 
Securities. 
Description of the Indices 
65 
This section sets out information regarding 
the Indices. 
Master Terms and Conditions of the 
ETP Securities 
463 
This section sets out the detailed contractual 
terms of the ETP Securities. Where the 
Master Terms and Conditions of the ETP 
Securities indicate that an option may be 
specified in the Final Terms, the Final Terms 
will indicate which of these options shall 
apply. 
Further Information Concerning 
Certain Transaction Documents  
523 
This section sets out descriptions of the 
main agreements entered into by the Issuer 
in respect of the ETP Securities.  
Use of Proceeds 
532 
This section describes what the Issuer does 
with the issue proceeds of the ETP 
Securities. 
Description of the Issuer 
533 
This section provides a description of the 
Issuer's activities. 
Information Concerning the Swap 
Counterparty. 
535 
This section gives disclosure regarding 
certain important parties who have a role in 
relation to the Programme. 
Taxation 
536 
This section sets out certain taxation 
considerations relating to ETP Securities.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Subscription and Sale 
547 
This section sets out certain restrictions as 
to who can purchase ETP Securities in 
certain jurisdictions. 
Form of Final Terms 
554 
This section sets out a template for the Final 
Terms to be used for each specific issuance 
of ETP Securities. 
General Information 
563 
This section provides additional information 
relating to ETP Securities. 
Glossary 
565 
This section contains a glossary of all 
defined terms used in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
RISK FACTORS 
An investor in the ETP Securities may lose the value of their entire investment or part of their 
investment in the ETP Securities. 
An investor in the ETP Securities may also lose the value of their entire investment or part of their 
investment in the ETP Securities for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the 
Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Before making an investment decision, prospective purchasers of ETP Securities should consider 
carefully, in the light of their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, all the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this document (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) 
and, in particular, the considerations set forth below in order to reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the ETP 
Securities issued under the Programme. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with ETP Securities issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
the ETP Securities issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay any amounts on or 
in connection with any ETP Securities may occur for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that 
the statements below regarding the risks of holding any ETP Securities are exhaustive. Before making an 
investment decision, prospective purchasers of ETP Securities should consider carefully, in the light of 
their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, all the detailed information set out elsewhere 
in this document and, in particular, the considerations set forth below and in the relevant Final Terms in 
order to reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer and the ETP Securities summarised 
in this section of the document are risks that the Issuer believes to be the most essential to an assessment 
by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in the ETP Securities. 
All capitalised terms used in this section “Risk Factors” shall have the meanings given to them in other 
sections of this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise defined in this section “Risk Factors” of this Base 
Prospectus. 
1. Risks relating to the potential loss of investment 
The ETP Securities are not principal protected. The Final Redemption Amount and Early Redemption 
Amount for a Series of ETP Securities depend on the Value per ETP Security and the amounts payable 
under the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with such Series of ETP Securities, which in turn 
depend on the performance of the Index. Investors may lose some or all of their investment in the following 
circumstances:  
 
the Swap Value of the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with the relevant Series of ETP 
Securities falls due to the relevant Index not performing well enough (including where the Index is 
rising in value but not sufficiently to offset the deduction of fees and/or any Adjustments) — the greater 
the fall in the Swap Value of the relevant Swap Transaction (thereby reducing the amount payable by 
the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer upon a termination of such Swap Transaction), the greater the 
loss of an investor’s investment; 
 
investors sell their ETP Securities prior to their maturity and the sale price of the ETP Securities in the 
secondary market is less than the investor’s initial investment;

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
the Swap Counterparty defaults in the performance of its obligations in respect of any Swap 
Transaction under the Swap Agreement and the Posted Collateral is not sufficient to cover amounts 
unpaid by the Swap Counterparty; or 
 
the Issuer is subject to an insolvency process impairing its ability to meet its obligations under the ETP 
Securities. 
The ETP Securities are not protected by the financial services compensation scheme (“FSCS”) or any 
other government or private protection scheme.  Accordingly, the ETP Securityholders may lose all or 
some of their investment in the ETP Securities.   
2. Risks relating to the ETP Securities 
Market price of the ETP Securities 
The market price of the ETP Securities will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 
(i) 
the value and volatility of the Index referenced by the ETP Securities; 
(ii) 
the value and volatility of the underlying asset(s) referenced by the Index; 
(iii) 
market perception, interest rates, yields, stock lending costs (in respect of Short ETP Securities) 
and foreign exchange rates; 
(iv) 
the nature and value of the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with the relevant Series of 
ETP Securities; 
(v) 
the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty; 
(vi) 
the nature and value of the Posted Collateral; 
(vii) 
the creditworthiness of the Swap Collateral Custodian, any applicable sub-custodians and the 
Authorised Participants; and 
(viii) 
liquidity in the ETP Securities on the secondary market. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the Value per ETP Security and the secondary market price of 
the ETP Securities can go down as well as up throughout the term of the ETP Securities. Prospective 
investors should be aware that the Value per ETP Security and market price of the ETP Securities on any 
Scheduled Valuation Day may not reflect their prior or future performance. There can be no assurance as 
to the future value and market price of the ETP Securities.  Accordingly, the ETP Securityholders may lose 
all or some of their investment in the ETP Securities.   
The secondary market and limited liquidity 
The ETP Securities do not accrue and pay interest (other than default interest which may be payable in 
limited circumstances). Investors will not receive any payments under the Conditions in respect of the ETP 
Securities prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date unless they redeem early. The ETP Securities may have 
a long term and the only means through which an investor can realise value from an ETP Security prior to 
its Scheduled Maturity Date is to sell it at its then market price in a secondary market transaction.  
The price at which an investor may be able to sell ETP Securities at any time prior to their Scheduled 
Maturity Date may be substantially less than the price paid by the investor. This may occur (amongst other 
reasons) as a result of there being limited liquidity for the ETP Securities, the Value per ETP Security being 
less than the Value per ETP Security of the ETP Securities at the time the investor purchased the ETP 
Securities or the Index not having performed sufficiently to increase or maintain the Value per ETP Security 
of the ETP Securities by such amount as is necessary to negate the Accrued Fee and/or any Adjustments 
since the time the investor purchased the ETP Securities.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
While each Authorised Participant appointed in respect of the Programme and/or a Series of ETP 
Securities intends to make a market for the relevant Series of ETP Securities in respect of which it is 
appointed as an Authorised Participant, no Authorised Participant is obliged to make a market for any 
Series of ETP Securities (including Series in respect of which it is appointed as an Authorised Participant) 
and Authorised Participants may discontinue making a market at any time and/or may make a market on 
a different platform or offer only one way markets. Furthermore, any market in the ETP Securities may not 
be liquid. 
Prospective investors should note that: 
(i) 
the number of ETP Securities subject to any offer made by an Authorised Participant or otherwise 
in the secondary market may be affected by market demand for the ETP Securities, the number of 
ETP Securities in issue, whether subscriptions can be processed and prevailing market conditions; 
(ii) 
the bid or offer price offered by an Authorised Participant or any other seller or purchaser may be 
greater or less than the current Value per ETP Security of the ETP Securities. In addition, any such 
price may be subject to fees, charges, duties, taxes and/or commissions; 
(iii) 
they may not be able to sell their ETP Securities quickly, easily or at prices that will provide them 
with a yield comparable to other investments; 
(iv) 
any price at which the ETP Securities may be sold prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date may be at 
a discount, which could be substantial, to the price at which the ETP Securities were acquired by 
the relevant investor; and 
(v) 
illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market price of ETP Securities. 
Prospective investors should be aware that not all market participants and Authorised Participants will 
determine the price of the ETP Securities in the same manner, and the variation between such valuations 
and prices quoted may be substantial. Accordingly, any prices provided by an Authorised Participant may 
not be representative of prices that may be provided by other market participants. 
Prospective investors should be aware that ETP Securities requested for issue and subscribed for by an 
Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such Authorised Participant and offered for 
sale and/or sold over a period of time. Investors should not assume that ETP Securities will automatically 
be placed with investors by the relevant Authorised Participant(s) immediately upon issue. To the extent 
that the Authorised Participants hold ETP Securities at any time, they may exercise their rights under them 
in such manner as they see fit in their own interests and need not have regard to the interests of other 
holders of ETP Securities or any other person. In particular, any such Authorised Participants holding ETP 
Securities of a Series may vote at any meeting of holders of such Series of ETP Securities or approve any 
resolution as they see fit (including with respect to any changes to the terms of such Series of ETP 
Securities proposed by the Issuer).   
As a consequence of the factors listed above, the ETP Securityholders may lose all or some of their 
investment in the ETP Securities.   
Change in Fee Levels 
The Swap Counterparty and the Issuer have certain discretions to adjust the level of the Swap Spread Fee 
Percentage and the Issuer has certain discretions to adjust the level of the Index License Fee Percentage. 
This may potentially result in higher fees being applied which would reduce the return for holders of ETP 
Securities. 
Issuer call option 
The Issuer may at any time elect to redeem all the ETP Securities of a Series and designate an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Early Redemption

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Valuation Date may not be earlier than the 60th calendar day following the date of the relevant notice from 
the Issuer. In such circumstances the ETP Securities of such Series will be redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount per ETP Security on the relevant Early Redemption Date. There can be no assurance 
that the Value per ETP Security determined in respect of the related Early Redemption Valuation Date 
following any such exercise will be such that the Early Redemption Amount is greater than or equal to the 
amount invested by an investor per ETP Security.  This may reduce the return received by the ETP 
Securityholders on their investment in the ETP Securities.   
Swap Counterparty termination option 
The Swap Counterparty may, following the second anniversary of the Series Issue Date of a Series of ETP 
Securities and on giving not less than 180 calendar days’ irrevocable notice to the Issuer, elect to terminate 
the Swap Transaction relating to such Series of ETP Securities. In connection with such election, upon the 
termination of the Swap Transaction an Early Redemption Event will occur and each ETP Security of that 
Series will become due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Early Redemption 
Date. The Swap Counterparty shall not and is not required to consider the interests of Securityholders 
when exercising any such termination right. Accordingly, investors should note that the Value per ETP 
Security on the related Early Redemption Valuation Date arising in connection with the exercise of such 
termination right may be such that the Early Redemption Amount could be equal to less than the amount 
invested by an investor per ETP Security.  Accordingly, the ETP Securityholders may lose all or some of 
their investment in the ETP Securities.   
Scheduled term of Swap Transaction is less than the term of the ETP Securities 
The Swap Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP Securities may have a scheduled 
term that is less than the term of the ETP Securities. No later than 180 calendar days prior to the last day 
of the initial term or previously extended term of the Swap Transaction, as applicable, the Swap 
Counterparty will, pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, elect either (i) to extend the term of the 
Swap Transaction for (A) an additional period equal to the length of the initial term of the Swap Transaction 
(unless the period remaining to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the relevant ETP Securities is less than 
the length of the initial term of the Swap Transaction, in which case for a period equal to the period 
remaining to the Scheduled Maturity Date) or (B) such other period as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty or (ii) for the Swap Transaction to terminate when scheduled. The Swap 
Counterparty has no obligation to consider the interests of the Securityholders when deciding whether or 
not (or for how long) to extend the term of the Swap Transaction. If the Swap Counterparty does not elect 
to extend the term of the Swap Transaction, an Early Redemption Event will occur on the scheduled 
termination date of the Swap Transaction and each ETP Security of that Series will become due and 
payable at its Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Early Redemption Date. There can be no 
assurance that the Value per ETP Security determined in respect of the related Early Redemption 
Valuation Date arising in connection with any such election for the Swap Transaction to terminate will be 
such that the Early Redemption Amount is greater than or equal to the amount invested by an investor per 
ETP Security.  Accordingly, the ETP Securityholders may lose all or some of their investment in the ETP 
Securities.   
Events of Default and Early Redemption Events 
In addition, the ETP Securities of a Series may become due and payable prior to their Scheduled Maturity 
Date as further described in Conditions 8 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) and 14 (Events of Default) 
in connection with the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(i) 
certain legal or regulatory changes occur in relation to the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the cancellation of the Index without any successor Index;

--- Page 17 ---
17 
(iii) 
the termination of the Swap Agreement or the Swap Transaction entered into thereunder in 
connection with such Series of ETP Securities, whether as a result of a default by one of the parties, 
for tax reasons, as a result of illegality or a force majeure event or for other reasons; 
(iv) 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Swap Collateral Custodian and/or all the Authorised Participants, 
as applicable, resign or their appointment in relation to such Series of ETP Securities is terminated 
for any reason and the Issuer gives notice that no successor or replacement has been appointed 
within 60 (or, in the case of the Swap Collateral Custodian, 90) calendar days; 
(v) 
the Value per ETP Security for such Series is not published for 14 consecutive Scheduled Valuation 
Days; 
(vi) 
the Value per ETP Security is less than or equal to 200 per cent. of the Minimum Redemption 
Amount for such Series of ETP Securities for five consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days; 
(vii) 
a Securityholder does not, upon request, receive a firm bid price from an Authorised Participant for 
five consecutive Relevant Business Days and, following the requisite notices being given, such 
Securityholder does not receive a firm bid price for the relevant ETP Securities during a further 20 
consecutive Relevant Business Days;  
(viii) 
the Security constituted by the Security Deed becomes enforceable; or 
(ix) 
an Event of Default occurs under the ETP Securities. These include certain breaches by the Issuer 
of its obligations that are not cured within the applicable cure period and certain insolvency events 
with respect to the Issuer. 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event or an Event of Default under the Conditions of the 
relevant Series of ETP Securities, such Series of ETP Securities will become due and payable at the Early 
Redemption Amount per ETP Security. This may be less than an investor’s investment, and potentially 
substantially less.  
With respect to each Series of ETP Securities, the Issuer enters into a Swap Transaction under the Swap 
Agreement, pursuant to which it pays the entire proceeds from the issue of such Series of ETP Securities 
to the Swap Counterparty upon receipt. The Issuer will fund payment of any Early Redemption Amount per 
ETP Security under a Series of ETP Securities in full from a payment due to it under the Swap Transaction 
entered into in connection with such Series of ETP Securities (the one exception is where the Early 
Redemption Amount per ETP Security for such Series is equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount, in 
which case the Swap Counterparty will be obliged under such Swap Transaction to make payment to the 
Issuer of an amount which should equal the Value per ETP Security multiplied by the number of ETP 
Securities outstanding at such time (even where such amount is less than the amount payable in respect 
of all ETP Securities for such Series based on the Minimum Redemption Amount per ETP Security)). The 
Issuer’s ability to make the payments due under the Conditions relating to a Series of ETP Securities on 
their early redemption is entirely dependent on its receipt of the relevant payment from the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with such Series of ETP Securities. 
Accordingly, the Issuer and the Securityholders of a Series are exposed to the creditworthiness of the 
relevant Swap Counterparty in respect of each ETP Security to the extent of the entirety of its Early 
Redemption Amount.  
If the Swap Counterparty defaults on its payments under any Swap Transaction entered into in connection 
with a Series of ETP Securities (including any amount payable in connection with the early redemption of 
a Series of ETP Securities), this would result in an event of default under the Swap Agreement, thereby 
leading to an early termination of every Swap Transaction entered into (and which remains outstanding) 
pursuant to such Swap Agreement (including those Swap Transactions entered into in respect of other 
Series of ETP Securities) and the early redemption of any outstanding Series of ETP Securities. In 
connection with any such early termination of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Agreement, if the Swap Counterparty has not paid in full the Aggregated Early Termination Amount to the 
Issuer when due, then the Issuer may (subject to the terms of the Swap Pledge Agreement) enforce the 
security under the Swap Pledge Agreement in respect of the Swap Collateral Accounts and the Posted 
Collateral (see “Risks relating to the Swap Pledge Agreement and the Posted Collateral” below). If an 
event of default under the Swap Agreement consequently results in a default in the payment of the 
Redemption Amount in respect of any Series of ETP Securities by the Issuer (subject to a 14-day grace 
period), it may also result in the Security under the ETP Securities becoming enforceable (see “Rights in 
respect of the Secured Property” below).  
However, if, following the realisation in full of the Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation or 
enforcement) and application of available cash sums as provided in Condition 6 (Security), there are any 
outstanding claims against the Issuer in respect of any Series of ETP Securities which remain unpaid, then 
such outstanding claim will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof (see 
“Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks” below). In such circumstances investors in 
the ETP Securities may not receive back their investment and may receive zero. 
As a consequence of the factors listed above, the ETP Securityholders may lose all or some of their 
investment in the ETP Securities.   
Rights in respect of the Secured Property 
The obligations of the Issuer under all Series of ETP Securities will be secured pursuant to the Security 
Deed by the Secured Property.  
The Security over the Secured Property will become enforceable by the Security Trustee on behalf of the 
Securityholders of all Series of ETP Securities if the Issuer defaults on the payment of the Redemption 
Amount in respect of any Series of ETP Securities and such default continues for more than 14 days. 
Following the security becoming enforceable, an Early Redemption Event will occur in respect of every 
Series of ETP Securities resulting in all Series of ETP Securities becoming due and payable early on the 
Early Redemption Date (see “Early redemption of every Series of ETP Securities upon the Security 
becoming enforceable” below). 
Subject to (i) any enforcement of the Security by the Security Trustee under the Security Deed and (ii) the 
priority of claims specified in the Security Deed (and set out in Condition 6(f) (Application of Proceeds of 
Enforcement of Security)), the proceeds of realisation of any Secured Property will be shared between the 
Securityholders in respect of all Series of ETP Securities pari passu and rateably amongst themselves. 
Accordingly, Securityholders in respect of each Series of ETP Securities will only be entitled to a pro rata 
share of such proceeds. 
Securityholders may also only exercise any rights in respect of the Security (including: (i) directing the 
Security Trustee to enforce the Security at any time after the Security has become enforceable; (ii) directing 
the Security Trustee to consent to any amendment to the Security Deed; and (iii) removing the Security 
Trustee) by passing a Securityholders’ Resolution. A Securityholders’ Resolution requires the consent of 
a majority of at least 75 per cent. in principal amount of the ETP Securities in respect of all Series of ETP 
Securities outstanding (excluding any ETP Securities in respect of which all claims of the Secured Creditors 
arising in respect of such ETP Securities and the Transaction Agreements in respect of such ETP 
Securities have been satisfied in full). Accordingly, where Securityholders hold less than 75 per cent. in 
principal amount of all ETP Securities outstanding under the Programme, they may be unable to exercise 
any rights in respect of the Security and/or may incur costs and delays in seeking to exercise such rights. 
The Secured Property includes, amongst other things, the rights of the Issuer under the Swap Agreement 
(including all Swap Transactions thereunder), the Swap Pledge Agreement and the Account Control 
Agreement.  In connection with the Swap Agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Issuer has entered 
into (i) a separate Belgian law security agreement in the form of the Swap Pledge Agreement with the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
Swap Counterparty and (ii) an Account Control Agreement with the Swap Collateral Custodian and the 
Swap Counterparty. Pursuant to the Swap Pledge Agreement, the Swap Counterparty has granted security 
interests in favour of the Issuer over the Swap Collateral Accounts and all of the Swap Counterparty’s 
rights under the Swap Collateral Custody Agreement to the extent they relate to such Swap Collateral 
Accounts in order to secure the obligations of the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap 
Agreement. Pursuant to the Account Control Agreement, the Swap Counterparty (or the Swap Collateral 
Custodian on its behalf) will post Eligible Collateral to the Swap Collateral Accounts in order to ensure that 
the Swap Counterparty’s obligations under the Swap Agreement are fully collateralised. Assets posted to 
the Swap Collateral Accounts may be subject to volatility in their prices and subject to credit and liquidity 
risks. No investigations, searches or other enquiries will be made by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of the Posted Collateral and no representations or warranties, express or implied, are or will be given by 
the Issuer to Securityholders in relation to any Posted Collateral. 
The Issuer is exposed to movements in the value of (i) each Swap Transaction and (ii) the Posted 
Collateral. It is also exposed to the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty, the Swap Collateral 
Custodian (see “Risks relating to the Swap Counterparty” and “Risks relating to the Swap Collateral 
Custodian” above) and any obligor of Posted Collateral. 
The value of the Swap Agreement (including all Swap Transactions thereunder) to the Issuer and the value 
of the Posted Collateral may increase or decrease from time to time. If the value of the Swap Agreement 
(including all Swap Transactions thereunder) to the Issuer increases and/or the value of the Posted 
Collateral decreases, the Swap Counterparty will be obligated to transfer additional Eligible Collateral to 
the Swap Collateral Accounts. In such circumstances there may be a period prior to the transfer of the 
additional Eligible Collateral in which the value of the Posted Collateral is less than the amount that would 
be payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer if the Swap Agreement (including all Swap Transactions 
thereunder) were to terminate. The value of the Posted Collateral may also be less than the amount that 
would be payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer if the Swap Agreement (including all Swap 
Transactions thereunder) were to terminate where additional Eligible Collateral is not transferred to the 
Swap Collateral Accounts when required. 
If (I) the Swap Agreement (including all Swap Transactions thereunder) terminates and the Swap 
Counterparty does not pay in full the amount payable to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement (including 
all Swap Transactions thereunder) when due or (II) the Swap Counterparty fails (or has failed to cause the 
Swap Collateral Custodian) to deliver Eligible Collateral to the Swap Collateral Accounts when required in 
accordance with the terms of the Account Control Agreement and that failure continues for two London 
and Paris Business Days after notice of that failure is given by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty and the Swap Collateral Custodian in accordance with the terms of the Swap Pledge 
Agreement, the Issuer will (subject to the terms of the Swap Pledge Agreement and the Account Control 
Agreement) be entitled to enforce the security under the Swap Pledge Agreement and sell the Posted 
Collateral. Certain Taxes (including, without limitation, VAT) may be applicable to a sale of the Posted 
Collateral and reduce the sums available to the Issuer to satisfy the claims of the Securityholders and all 
Secured Creditors whose claims rank in priority to those of the Securityholders under the ETP Securities. 
There can be no assurance that the net proceeds from the enforcement of the security under the Swap 
Pledge Agreement will generate sufficient funds to cover the amounts owed by the Swap Counterparty to 
the Issuer under the Swap Agreement (including all Swap Transactions thereunder) since the market value 
of the Posted Collateral against which the security is enforced will be affected on a daily basis by a number 
of factors including but not limited to (i) if the Posted Collateral includes securities, the creditworthiness of 
the issuers thereof and the time remaining to the scheduled maturity of such securities, (ii) market 
perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates, (iii) the liquidity of the assets comprising the 
Posted Collateral, (iv) the time it takes to enforce, obtain and realise the Posted Collateral and (v) any 
Taxes, fees, costs and expenses deducted, withheld or required to be paid in connection with the

--- Page 20 ---
20 
enforcement of the security and the realisation of the Posted Collateral under the Swap Pledge Agreement 
and the Account Control Agreement. 
If the net proceeds from the enforcement of the security under the Swap Pledge Agreement are insufficient 
to cover the amounts owed by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement (including 
all Swap Transactions thereunder), the Issuer will have an unsecured claim against the Swap Counterparty 
in respect of the shortfall. The Issuer and/or the Security Trustee may, in certain circumstances, pursue a 
claim against the Swap Counterparty subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
or their satisfaction by one or more Securityholders of all Series of ETP Securities prior to taking any such 
action. Any sums realised from such an action will be applied pro rata across every Series of ETP Securities 
and subsequently in accordance with the order of priority specified in the Conditions for each such Series 
of ETP Securities. It would be extremely unlikely that any such action would recover sufficient amounts to 
enable the full Early Redemption Amount to be paid to Securityholders in respect of each ETP Security 
and prospective investors should not place any reliance on being able to recover all or some only of the 
unsecured claim. Therefore, Securityholders are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Swap 
Counterparty, which shall be Natixis in respect of all Series of ETP Securities.   
As a consequence of the factors listed above, the ETP Securityholders may lose all or some of their 
investment in the ETP Securities.   
Early redemption of every Series of ETP Securities upon the Security becoming enforceable 
If the Security becomes enforceable in respect of any Series of ETP Securities due to a failure by the 
Issuer to make payment of the Redemption Amount in respect of any ETP Security of a Series of ETP 
Securities when due on its Scheduled Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date (as applicable) (and which 
payment continues for more than 14 days), then a Security Enforcement Redemption Event will occur in 
respect of every other Series of ETP Securities (each such Series, an “Affected Series”), even if such 
payment default does not relate to an Affected Series and such Affected Series would not otherwise have 
been subject to early redemption. Following the occurrence of a Security Enforcement Redemption Event, 
each ETP Security for such Series will become due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount (see 
“Events of Default and Early Redemption Events” above). This may be equal to less than an investor’s 
investment.  Accordingly, the ETP Securityholders may lose all or some of their investment in the ETP 
Securities.   
Taxation and no gross-up 
In the event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is imposed on payments on such 
ETP Securities, such Securityholder will be subject to such tax or deduction and will not be entitled to 
receive amounts to compensate for such withholding or deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a 
result of any such withholding or deduction.  
Any payments made to the Issuer under the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of 
ETP Securities may also be subject to charges, withholding or deduction for, or on account of, Taxes. In 
such circumstances the sums available to the Issuer (and/or the Security Trustee) to pay the Final 
Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of ETP Securities may not 
be sufficient to satisfy in full the claims of the Securityholders, and each Secured Creditor whose claims 
rank in priority to those of the Securityholders, of such Series of ETP Securities. This would result in the 
Security becoming enforceable pursuant to the Conditions of such Series of ETP Securities. 
Any realisation, transfer or other disposal of Eligible Collateral or Posted Collateral in connection with the 
enforcement of the security created in favour of the Issuer under the Swap Pledge Agreement may also 
be subject to charges, withholding or deduction for, or on account of, Taxes. In such circumstances, the 
amounts available to the Security Trustee following an enforcement of the Security will be reduced, thereby

--- Page 21 ---
21 
reducing the amounts recoverable by each Securityholder and Secured Creditor under every Series of 
ETP Securities. 
The Issuer may become liable for Tax charges whether by direct assessment or withholding. If any such 
event occurs as a result of a change in law or regulation that materially increases the cost to the Issuer of 
performing its obligations under a Series of ETP Securities and/or the Swap Agreement and/or the Account 
Control Agreement and/or the Swap Pledge Agreement or makes it illegal for the Issuer to do the same or 
to hold, acquire or dispose of all of the types of Eligible Collateral, such Series of ETP Securities may 
become subject to early redemption (see “Events of Default and Early Redemption Events” above) or a 
shortfall could arise in the amount available to meet the obligations of the Issuer under the ETP Securities, 
which could result in losses for the holders of the ETP Securities. 
Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of 
the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 ("ATAD 
I") on 12 July 2016.  The EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 ("ATAD II") on 29 May 2017 
to provide for minimum standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and 
third countries. 
EU member states were required to implement ATAD I by 31 December 2018 (subject to derogations for 
EU member states which have equivalent measures in their domestic law).  Ireland has implemented the 
relevant aspects of ATAD I, including the interest limitation rule which applies to companies with respect 
to their accounting periods commencing on or after 1 January 2022. 
EU member states were required to implement ATAD II by 31 December 2019 (except for measures 
relating to reverse hybrid mismatches, which have applied in Ireland since 1 January 2020) and Ireland 
has implemented the relevant provisions of ATAD II. 
ATAD I and ATAD II contain various measures that could, depending on their implementation and 
application in Ireland, potentially result in certain payments made by the Issuer ceasing to be fully 
deductible for Irish tax purposes.  There are two measures of particular relevance: 
 
first, ATAD I provides for an interest limitation rule which restricts the deductible exceeding borrowing 
costs of an entity to 30% of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.  However, 
the interest limitation rule only applies to the net or ‘exceeding’ borrowing costs of an entity (being the 
amount by which its borrowing costs exceed its taxable interest revenues and other economically 
equivalent taxable revenues); and  
 
second, ATAD II provides for hybrid mismatch rules. These rules are designed to neutralise 
arrangements where amounts payable between ‘associated entities’ are deductible from the income of 
one entity but are not taxable for the other or the same amounts are deductible for two associated 
entities.  Associated for these purposes includes direct and indirect participation in terms of voting rights 
or capital ownership of 25 per cent. or more or an entitlement to receive 25 per cent. or more (50 per 
cent. in certain circumstances) of the profits of that entity, as well as entities that are part of the same 
consolidated group for financial accounting purposes or enterprises that have a significant influence in 
the management of the taxpayer. 
if ATAD I or ATAD II were to result in increased tax charges for the Issuer, this could result in losses for 
the holders of the ETP Securities if a shortfall were to arise in the amount available to meet the obligations 
of the Issuer under the ETP Securities. Increased tax charges could also lead to a mandatory redemption 
of the ETP Securities, which may result in the ETP Securityholders return on their investment being 
reduced.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
Potential U.S. withholding taxes pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code in relation to 
“dividend equivalent” payments made on U.S. equities in connection with a Swap Transaction 
for a particular Series of ETP Securities 
Section 871(m) of the Code and the U.S. Treasury regulations thereunder (“Section 871(m)”) requires 
withholding (currently at a rate of 30%, subject to reduction under an applicable tax treaty) on payments 
made or deemed made to non-U.S. holders on certain financial instruments to the extent such payments 
are contingent upon or determined by reference to the payment of U.S.-source dividends. Under U.S. 
Treasury regulations, payments or deemed payments to non-U.S. holders with respect to certain 
transactions ("Specified Transactions") involving economic characteristics that are sufficiently similar to 
those of underlying or referenced U.S. equity securities (or indexes that include U.S. equity securities) that 
pay U.S.-source dividends may be treated as “dividend equivalent” payments that are subject to U.S. 
withholding tax under Section 871(m).  
Because the Issuer intends to treat the ETP Securities as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and 
pursuant to the terms and conditions, Securityholders agree to do the same), no ETP Security will be 
treated as a Specified Transaction by the Issuer and therefore no withholding under Section 871(m) will 
apply to payments made on the ETP Securities. This characterisation is notwithstanding any differing or 
alternative characterisation of the ETP Securities for any other purpose including, without limitation, 
whether the ETP Securities are treated as debt for other purposes. The Issuer’s characterisation of the 
ETP Securities is not binding on the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) and it is possible that the IRS 
asserts that the ETP Securities are not treated as equity, or are otherwise subject to withholding under 
Section 871(m), in which case, material adverse consequences may arise to holders of ETP Securities. 
Section 871(m) withholding may apply to dividend equivalent payments received by the Issuer from the 
Swap Counterparty with respect to the Swap Transaction for a Series of ETP Securities. Although no 
payment will be made by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the terms of any Swap 
Transaction as a direct consequence of any U.S.-source dividends paid on a reference U.S. equity security, 
the payment of any such dividend on a reference U.S. equity security may nonetheless be treated as 
resulting in a “dividend equivalent” payment on a Specified Transaction under Section 871(m) as applicable 
U.S. Treasury regulations presume such dividend to have been priced into the terms of a Specified 
Transaction.  
The tests applicable for determining whether a transaction is a Specified Transaction will depend on the 
terms of the relevant transaction and the date on which the transaction is issued or entered into, and may 
be subject to redetermination in connection with certain modifications of the transaction.  
The Section 871(m) regulations provide certain broadly applicable exceptions to characterisation as 
Specified Transactions, in particular, for certain transactions linked to certain broad-based indices. 
If any such U.S. withholding tax liability is incurred with respect to a Swap Transaction, the Swap 
Counterparty will satisfy such tax liability directly with the relevant tax authorities. The Swap Calculation 
Agent will then account for this in the Tax Adjustment Amount for the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day 
and Series of ETP Securities, meaning that the Value per ETP Security for such Scheduled Valuation Day 
and Series of ETP Securities will be adjusted accordingly to reflect such U.S. withholding tax liability 
incurred. The effect of this is that any U.S. withholding tax liability incurred as a result of Section 871(m) in 
connection with a Swap Transaction will be passed on to the Securityholders for the relevant Series of 
ETP Securities and such Securityholders will not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for such 
withholding or deduction.  The ETP Securityholders return on their investment in the ETP Securities may 
be reduced consequently.   
Securityholders should consult with their tax advisors regarding the application of Section 871(m) 
and the regulations thereunder in respect of their acquisition and ownership of ETP Securities.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Meetings of Securityholders of a Series of ETP Securities, resolutions, modification, waivers 
and substitution for a particular Series of ETP Securities 
The Trust Deed for a particular Series of ETP Securities contains provisions for calling meetings of 
Securityholders of such Series of ETP Securities to consider matters affecting their interests generally with 
respect to such Series of ETP Securities. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Securityholders of such Series of ETP Securities including Securityholders who did not attend and vote at 
the relevant meeting or in respect of the relevant resolution and Securityholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. As a result, Securityholders may be bound by a change to the Conditions or by 
some other decision that affects their investment in the ETP Securities even though they have not agreed 
to such change. In addition to the foregoing, in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, to the extent that the 
consent of the Trustee is required under the Conditions or the Trust Deed, the Trustee may, in certain 
circumstances and without the consent of the Securityholders for such Series of ETP Securities, (i) agree 
to certain modifications of, or the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, the 
Conditions for such Series of ETP Securities or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed and/or any other 
Transaction Document to which the Trustee is a party, (ii) determine that any Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default will not be treated as such for the purposes of such Series of ETP Securities or (iii) agree 
to the substitution of another company as principal obligor under such Series of ETP Securities in place of 
the Issuer provided that such waiver or substitution is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders for such Series of ETP Securities. To the extent that the 
consent of the Trustee is required under the Conditions or the relevant Trust Deed, the Trustee may also 
agree, without the consent of the Securityholders for such Series of ETP Securities, to any modification to 
the Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document to which the Trustee is a party 
which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest 
error. Any such action by the Trustee as is described in this paragraph may result in Securityholders for 
such Series of ETP Securities being bound by a change to the Conditions or by some other decision that 
affects their investment in the ETP Securities of such Series even though they have not agreed to such 
change.   
Prospective investors should note that in certain circumstances the Issuer and the relevant Transaction 
Party may take certain actions and certain amendments may be made to the terms of a Series of ETP 
Securities and/or the relevant Transaction Documents without the requirement for the approval of any 
Securityholders or the consent of the Trustee. Again, this may result in Securityholders of a Series of ETP 
Securities being bound by a change to the Conditions for such Series of ETP Securities or by some other 
decision that affects their investment in the ETP Securities even though they have not agreed to such 
change.   
These include (without limitation): 
(i) 
the transfer of Posted Collateral from the Swap Collateral Accounts back to the Swap Counterparty 
under the Account Control Agreement and the related release of Security provided such transfer 
and release is effected in accordance with the terms of the Account Control Agreement;  
(ii) 
the substitution of the Posted Collateral as described in Condition 11(d) (Substitution of Posted 
Collateral) and amendments and/or supplements to the Account Control Agreement in connection 
therewith;  
(iii) 
any change to any component of the Accrued Fee at any time; 
(iv) 
any adjustment to the Conditions of the ETP Securities pursuant to Condition 9(e) (Adjustment 
Events);

--- Page 24 ---
24 
(v) 
any appointment of an additional or replacement Transaction Party provided such appointment or 
replacement is effected in accordance with the Conditions and the applicable Transaction 
Document(s); 
(vi) 
the substitution of the relevant Index referenced by such Series of ETP Securities with a Successor 
Index pursuant to Condition 10(a) (Successor Index); 
(vii) 
the transfer of the Swap Agreement, the Account Control Agreement and/or the Swap Pledge 
Agreement pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Transfer of Swap Agreement and Swap Transaction, 
Account Control Agreement and/or Swap Pledge Agreement);  
(viii) 
any increase to the Programme Maximum Number of ETP Securities;  
(ix) 
any amendment to the eligibility requirements for Eligible Collateral as set out in the Account Control 
Agreement;  
(x) 
any amendment to any term of the Conditions or any Transaction Document which relate to an 
operational or procedural issue; or 
(xi) 
any extension to the Initial Swap Term or Extended Swap Term, as applicable. 
In the event that any of these events may crystallise, the Securityholders of the ETP Securities may lose 
some or all of their investment. 
Securityholder directions for a particular Series of ETP Securities 
Following the occurrence of an Event of Default, a Publication Failure Event, a Swap Counterparty Event 
of Default or a Swap Agreement Tax Event, the Conditions of each Series of ETP Securities permit the 
holders of one-fifth or more of the outstanding number of ETP Securities of such Series of ETP Securities 
to direct the Trustee to deliver a notice to the Issuer for the early redemption of such Series of ETP 
Securities. Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the holders of one-fifth or more of the outstanding 
number of ETP Securities of a particular Series of ETP Securities may also direct the Trustee to take such 
action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer as they think fit in order to enforce their 
rights as holders of such ETP Securities. However, prospective investors should be aware that the Trustee 
will not be obliged to take any step or action or to act in accordance with any such direction unless it has 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction by one or more Securityholders. This 
may result in a delay in any step or action being taken by the Trustee and, if the Securityholders cannot 
put adequate arrangements in place, in no step or action being taken by the Trustee.  If there is any such 
delay in any step or action being taken by the Trustee, the Securityholders may lose some or all of their 
investment. 
Securityholders’ Resolutions in respect of all Series of ETP Securities 
In respect of certain decisions or directions that will affect every Series of ETP Securities outstanding (for 
example, a resolution to enforce or realise the Security or to take certain actions with respect to the 
Secured Property), a direction by the holders of one-fifth or more of the outstanding number of ETP 
Securities of all Series of ETP Securities or a Securityholders’ Resolution will be needed in order for the 
Security Trustee or the Issuer, as applicable, to act. A Securityholders’ Resolution requires the consent of 
a majority of at least 75 per cent. in principal amount of the ETP Securities in respect of all Series of ETP 
Securities outstanding (excluding any ETP Securities in respect of which all claims of the Secured Creditors 
arising in respect of such ETP Securities and the Transaction Agreements in respect of such ETP 
Securities have been satisfied in full).  
Accordingly, where Securityholders hold less than at least one-fifth of the outstanding number of ETP 
Securities under the Programme or, in the case of a Securityholders’ Resolution, 75 per cent. in principal

--- Page 25 ---
25 
amount of all ETP Securities outstanding under the Programme, they may be unable to exercise any rights 
in respect of the Security and/or may incur costs and delays in seeking to exercise any such rights.   
Exchange rate risk following a termination of the Swap Agreement 
A Series of ETP Securities may be denominated in EUR, GBP or USD, or as otherwise determined by the 
Issuer. Upon an early termination of the Swap Agreement (including every Swap Transaction thereunder), 
the early termination amount payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of such termination 
will be denominated in EUR. If a Series of ETP Securities is denominated in a currency other than EUR 
(the “Series Currency”), a pro rata proportion of the early termination amount received by the Issuer under 
the Swap Agreement will need to be converted into the Series Currency in order to fund the Early 
Redemption Amount for such Series of ETP Securities. This will create currency conversion risks and may 
reduce the Early Redemption Amount payable to Securityholders for such Series of ETP Securities, which 
may reduce the return received by ETP Securityholders on their investment in the ETP Securities.    
3. Risks relating to the Issuer  
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle 
The Issuer is not an operating company. The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle with the sole business of 
issuing ETP Securities. As such, the Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than (i) the small sums of 
money raised by issuing shares on the date of its incorporation, (ii) such fees (if any) as are payable to it 
in connection with the issue of any Series of ETP Securities from time to time and (iii) any rights, property 
or other assets on which Series of ETP Securities issued under the Programme are secured. This means 
that if the assets on which all outstanding Series of ETP Securities are secured are not sufficient to meet 
sums payable by the Issuer in respect of all such Series, there are no other assets that are available to the 
Issuer to make those payments. In such circumstances, the holders of ETP Securities would not receive 
the amounts owing to them in full. 
Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks 
Other than following the occurrence of a Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall Event, the Transaction 
Parties and Securityholders in respect of each Series of ETP Securities will have recourse only to the 
Secured Property, subject always to the Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following 
realisation in full of the Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application 
of available cash sums as provided in Condition 6 (Security), any outstanding claim against the Issuer in 
respect of any Series of ETP Securities remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim will be extinguished 
and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof.  
Following the occurrence of a Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall Event, notwithstanding anything in 
the Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Transaction Parties and Securityholders in respect of the 
Series of ETP Securities under which such Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall Event has occurred 
will have recourse only to a portion of the Secured Property relating to the Issuer’s rights in respect of the 
Swap Termination Amount due and payable under the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with 
such Series of ETP Securities (including any amounts already received by the Issuer from the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of such Swap Termination Amount), subject always to the Security, and not to any 
other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of any portion of the Secured Property relating to 
the Issuer’s rights in respect of such Swap Termination Amount (whether by way of liquidation or 
enforcement) and application of available cash sums as provided in Condition 6 (Security), any outstanding 
claim against the Issuer in respect of any Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall relating to any ETP 
Security remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by 
the Issuer in respect thereof.  
A Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall Event will occur if on the Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Final Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable, of a Series of ETP Securities, the Minimum Redemption

--- Page 26 ---
26 
Amount per ETP Security is greater than the Value per ETP Security for such Series of ETP Securities on 
such day. In such circumstances, the Swap Counterparty would be obliged to pay an amount to the Issuer 
under the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with such Series of ETP Securities based on the 
Value per ETP Security and therefore would be insufficient to fund a redemption of each ETP Security at 
its Minimum Redemption Amount. Any outstanding claim against the Issuer in respect of an amount per 
ETP Security equal to (i) the Minimum Redemption Amount less (ii) such amount payable by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer divided by the number of ETP Securities outstanding for such Series (a 
“Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall”) would be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer 
in respect thereof. 
None of the Transaction Parties in respect of any Series of ETP Securities, the Securityholders in respect 
of any Series of ETP Securities or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, at any time, bring, 
institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, administration, 
bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) 
in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets. There is also the risk that the Issuer may become subject to 
claims or other liabilities (whether in respect of the ETP Securities or not) which are not themselves subject 
to limited recourse or non-petition limitations. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the ETP Securities of any Series and 
the ETP Securities issued under the Programme will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any 
other entity. In particular, the ETP Securities (i) do not represent an interest in and will not be obligations 
of, or insured or guaranteed by, the Arranger, any Transaction Party or any Affiliate or any company 
associated with any of them, (ii) will not have the status of a bank deposit and will not be within the scope 
of any deposit protection scheme and (iii) are not insured or guaranteed by any government, government 
agency or other body. 
As a consequence of the factors listed above, the ETP Securityholders may lose all or some of their 
investment in the ETP Securities.   
Insolvency 
The Issuer has agreed not to engage in activities other than the issue of ETP Securities and related and 
incidental matters. Any issue of ETP Securities must be on terms that provide for the claims of the 
Securityholders and Transaction Parties in respect of such ETP Securities to be limited to the proceeds of 
the assets on which such ETP Securities are secured (see “Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and 
related risks” above). In addition, there are restrictions on the Securityholders and Transaction Parties 
bringing insolvency proceedings against the Issuer (see “Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and 
related risks” above). If such provisions are upheld, it would be unlikely that the Issuer could become 
insolvent. 
However, notwithstanding the restrictions described in Condition 7 (Restrictions) and the limited recourse 
and non-petition provisions, should the Issuer have outstanding liabilities to third parties which it is unable 
to discharge or should the limited recourse or non-petition provisions be found to be non-enforceable in a 
particular jurisdiction and as a result the Issuer becomes or is declared insolvent according to the law of 
any country having jurisdiction over it or any of its assets, the insolvency laws of that country may determine 
the validity of the claims of Securityholders and may prevent Securityholders from enforcing their rights or 
delay such enforcement. In particular, depending on the jurisdiction concerned and the nature of the assets 
and security, the Security created in favour of the Security Trustee may be set aside or ranked behind 
certain other creditors and the assets subject to such security may be transferred to another person free 
of such Security.  Accordingly, investors could lose some or all of their investment. 
In addition, certain jurisdictions have procedures designed to facilitate the survival of companies in financial 
difficulties. In such jurisdictions the rights of the Security Trustee to enforce the Security or of the Issuer 
(or the Liquidation Agent on its behalf) to enforce the security under the Swap Pledge Agreement or to

--- Page 27 ---
27 
enforce the Issuer’s rights under the Swap Pledge Agreement and the Account Control Agreement may 
be limited or delayed by such procedures, which may consequently reduce the return received by the ETP 
Securityholders on their investment in the ETP Securities.   
Regulation of the Issuer by any regulatory authority  
The Issuer is not required to be licensed or authorised under any current securities, commodities or 
banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and will operate without supervision by any authority in any 
jurisdiction. There is no assurance, however, that regulatory authorities in one or more jurisdictions would 
not take a contrary view regarding the applicability of any such laws to the Issuer. The taking of a contrary 
view by such regulatory authority could have an adverse impact on the Issuer or the holders of the ETP 
Securities. For instance, if it was determined by a regulatory authority that the Issuer was required to be 
authorised in a particular jurisdiction, it may not be possible for the Issuer as a special purpose vehicle to 
receive such authorisation.  In such a scenario there is a risk that the Issuer could be required to effect a 
mandatory redemption of the ETP Securities which could result in a loss being incurred by holders of the 
ETP Securities.   
Collective investment scheme 
The ETP Securities are debt securities and do not take the form of a collective investment scheme or fund. 
This characterisation is notwithstanding any differing or alternative characterisation of the ETP Securities 
for any other purpose including, without limitation, the characterisation of the ETP Securities for US federal 
income tax purposes. There can be no assurance that the courts or regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction 
would not recharacterise the ETP Securities as units in a collective investment scheme or a fund. Any 
recharacterisation of the ETP Securities as units in a collective investment scheme or a fund may have 
adverse consequences (including, without limitation, adverse tax consequences) for an investor. 
Regulatory Events 
Investors should note that the Issuer has a general right to redeem the ETP Securities (see “Risks Relating 
to the Contractual Features of the ETP Securities” – “Issuer Call Option”) and the Swap Counterparty has 
a general right following the second anniversary of the Series Issue Date to terminate the Swap 
Transaction relating to a Series of ETP Securities on giving not less than 180 calendar days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Issuer (see “Risks Relating to the Contractual Features of the ETP Securities” – “Swap 
Counterparty termination option”) which would result in an early redemption of the relevant ETP Securities. 
The impact (or likely or proposed impact) of regulatory reform may lead the Issuer or the Swap 
Counterparty to exercise such right.  
One example of an area of regulatory change that might affect the issuer is EU Directive 2011/61/EU on 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers (“AIFMD”), which became effective on 22 July 2013. This provides, 
amongst other things, that all alternative investment funds (each, an “AIF”) must have a designated 
alternative investment fund manager (“AIFM”) with responsibility for portfolio and risk management. The 
application of the AIFMD to special purpose entities such as the Issuer is unclear and the interpretation 
may differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The Issuer does not operate in the same manner as a typical 
alternative investment fund. The Issuer has been established solely for the purpose of issuing asset-
backed securities. The object of the Issuer is the issuance of one or more financial instruments and entry 
into certain other agreements and transactions in connection with such activity. However, the definition of 
AIF and AIFM in the AIFMD is broad and there is only limited guidance as to how such definition should 
be applied in the context of a special purpose entity such as the Issuer. 
Were the Issuer to be found to be an AIF or an AIFM, or were the Swap Counterparty, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent or any other service provider to the Issuer and/or the Trustee and/or the Security Trustee to 
be found to be acting as an AIFM with respect to the AIF, the AIFM would be subject to the AIFMD. Owing 
to the special purpose nature of the Issuer, it would be unlikely that either the AIF or the AIFM could comply 
fully with the requirements of the AIFMD.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
In such circumstance, either the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty might (at its discretion) exercise its early 
redemption or termination rights, or the Issuer might take alternative action to limit the effect of the AIFMD 
upon it or any service provider to it. Examples may include, without limitation, delisting ETP Securities or 
no longer offering securities in particular jurisdictions. 
No assurance can be given as to how ESMA or national regulators might interpret the AIFMD or whether 
any such interpretation might find the Issuer to be an AIF or an AIFM, or find any service provider in any 
capacity in respect of the ETP Securities and/or the Trustee and/or the Security Trustee to be acting as an 
AIFM with respect to the Issuer. 
As a consequence of the factors listed above, the ETP Securityholders may lose all or some of their 
investment in the ETP Securities.   
Not a bank deposit 
The Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank by virtue of the issue of the ETP Securities.  Any investment 
in the ETP Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit in Ireland and is not within the scope of 
the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank.  Accordingly, the ETP Securityholders may 
lose all or some of their investment in the ETP Securities.   
Preferred creditors under Irish law and floating charges 
Under Irish law, upon an insolvency of an Irish company such as the Issuer, when applying the proceeds 
of assets subject to fixed security which may have been realised in the course of a liquidation or 
receivership, the claims of a limited category of preferential creditors will take priority over the claims of 
creditors holding the relevant fixed security. These preferred claims include the remuneration, costs and 
expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the company (which may include any borrowings made by 
an examiner to fund the company’s requirements for the duration of his appointment) which have been 
approved by the Irish courts (see “Examinership” below). 
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish tax resident company (which would include 
the Issuer) may be required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners, to pay to them sums equivalent to those which the holder received in payment 
of debts due to it by the company. 
Where the holder of the security has given notice to the Irish Revenue Commissioners of the creation of 
the security within 21 days of its creation, the holder’s liability is limited to the amount of certain outstanding 
Irish tax liabilities of the company (including liabilities in respect of value added tax) arising after the 
issuance of the Irish Revenue Commissioners’ notice to the holder of fixed security. 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company by 
another person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of outstanding tax whether 
the liabilities are due on its own account or as an agent or trustee. The scope of this right of the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners has not yet been considered by the Irish courts and it may override the rights of 
holders of security (whether fixed or floating) over the debt in question. 
In relation to the disposal of assets of any Irish tax resident company which are subject to security, a person 
entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains made by the 
company on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security. 
The essence of a fixed charge is that the person creating the charge does not have liberty to deal with the 
assets which are the subject matter of the security in the sense of disposing of such assets or expending 
or appropriating the moneys or claims constituting such assets and accordingly, if and to the extent that 
such liberty is given to the Issuer any charge constituted by the Trust Deed may operate as a floating, 
rather than a fixed charge.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
In particular, the Irish courts have held that in order to create a fixed charge on receivables it is necessary 
to oblige the chargor to pay the proceeds of collection of the receivables into a designated bank account 
and to prohibit the chargor from withdrawing or otherwise dealing with the monies standing to the credit of 
such account without the consent of the chargee. 
Depending upon the level of control actually exercised by the chargor, there is therefore a possibility that 
any fixed security over the Issuer’s assets would be regarded by the Irish courts as a floating charge. 
Floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
(a) 
they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative pledge contained in 
the floating charge) and the charges of the assets concerned and against lien holders, execution creditors 
and creditors with rights of set-off; 
(b) 
as discussed above, they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees and 
certain taxes on winding-up, even if crystallised prior to the commencement of the winding-up; 
(c) 
they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
(d) 
the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by the floating charge; 
and 
(e) 
they rank after fixed charges. 
As a consequence of the factors listed above, the ETP Securityholders may lose all or some of their 
investment in the ETP Securities.   
Examinership 
Examinership is a court procedure available under the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended) to facilitate 
the survival of Irish companies in financial difficulties. 
The Issuer, the directors of the Issuer, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of the Issuer, or 
shareholders of the Issuer holding, at the date of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth of the 
voting share capital of the Issuer are each entitled to petition the court for the appointment of an examiner. 
The examiner, once appointed, has the power to set aside contracts and arrangements entered into by the 
company after this appointment and, in certain circumstances, can avoid a negative pledge given by the 
company prior to this appointment. Furthermore, the examiner may sell assets, the subject of a fixed 
charge. However, if such power is exercised the examiner must account to the holders of the fixed charge 
for the amount realised and discharge the amount due to the holders of the fixed charge out of the proceeds 
of the sale. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will formulate proposals for a compromise or scheme of 
arrangement to assist the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a going 
concern. A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the Irish High Court when at least one class of 
creditors has voted in favour of the proposals and the Irish High Court is satisfied that such proposals are 
fair and equitable in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals 
and whose interests would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of arrangement. 
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form 
separate classes of creditors. In the case of the Issuer, if the Security Trustee represented the majority in 
number and value of claims within the secured creditor class (which would be likely given the restrictions 
agreed to by the Issuer in the Conditions), the Security Trustee would be in a position to reject any proposal 
not in favour of the Securityholders. The Security Trustee would also be entitled to argue at the Irish High 
Court hearing at which the proposed scheme of arrangement is considered that the proposals are unfair 
and inequitable in relation to the Securityholders, especially if such proposals included a writing down to 
the value of amounts due by the Issuer to the Securityholders.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
The primary risks to the Securityholders if an examiner were appointed to the Issuer are as follows: 
(a) the potential for a compromise or scheme of arrangement being approved involving the writing down 
or rescheduling of the debt due by the Issuer to the Securityholders as secured by the Security Deed; 
(b) the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the ETP Securities prohibiting 
the creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by the Issuer to enable the examiner to borrow 
to fund the Issuer during the protection period; and 
(c) in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and the Issuer subsequently goes into 
liquidation, the examiner’s remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings incurred by the 
examiner on behalf of the Issuer and approved by the Irish High Court) will take priority over the monies 
and liabilities which from time to time are or may become due, owing or payable by the Issuer to any 
Secured Creditor under the ETP Securities or any Transaction Document. 
Therefore, if an examiner were appointed to the Issuer, this could impair the Issuer’s ability to meet its 
obligations under the ETP Securities and as a result investors may receive less payment than expected or 
may receive no payment.  
Irish taxation position of the Issuer 
The Issuer has been advised that it should fall within the Irish regime for the taxation of qualifying 
companies as set out in Section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (“Section 110”), and as such 
should be taxed only on the amount of its retained profit after deducting all amounts of interest and other 
revenue expenses due to be paid by the Issuer. If, for any reason, the Issuer is not or ceases to be entitled 
to the benefits of Section 110, then profits or losses could arise in the Issuer which could have tax effects 
not contemplated in the cashflows for the transaction and as such adversely affect the tax treatment of the 
Issuer and consequently the payments on the ETP Securities to holders of the ETP Securities. 
Bank recovery and resolution regimes 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EEC, as amended, "BRRD") includes 
measures that give resolution authorities power to restrict claims made against a party in resolution.  The 
Swap Counterparty may be within scope of BRRD and, in the event the Swap Counterparty is insolvent or 
in financial difficulty, such resolution powers may be exercised against the Swap Counterparty.  The 
exercise of such powers may impact the ability of the Issuer to recover payments from the Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap Agreement, which in turn may impact the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments under the ETP Securities, as the ability of the Issuer to make payment of an amount due to the 
ETP Securityholders is dependent on the creditworthiness of the Swap Counterparty and receipt by the 
Issuer in full from the Swap Counterparty of payments due under the Swap Agreement. 
Following an exercise of any powers by a resolution authority, the Issuer may have insufficient assets or 
sums to meet its obligations under the ETP Securities, the ETP Securities may be the subject of an early 
redemption and any payment of redemption proceeds to ETP Securityholders may be delayed.  For 
example, if the Swap Agreement is in-the-money for the Issuer at a time when a resolution regime applies 
to the Swap Counterparty, then any claims the Issuer has against the Swap Counterparty for the close-out 
amount thereof may be adversely affected by being postponed, converted into other assets or even written 
down to zero. 
Furthermore, other resolution and recovery regimes, including those in specific EU member states, the 
United Kingdom, the United States and elsewhere, may also apply in the event that the Swap Counterparty 
is within scope of such resolution and recovery regimes due to its regulated status and the jurisdiction in 
which it operates. 
As a consequence of any of the resolutions or actions referred to above, the ETP Securityholders may 
lose all or some of their investment in the ETP Securities.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
4. Risks relating to the Swap Counterparty, the Swap Collateral Custodian and the Posted 
Collateral 
Risks relating to the Swap Counterparty 
In respect of each Series of ETP Securities, the ability of the Issuer to make payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount per ETP Security, as applicable, is dependent on its 
receipt in full from the Swap Counterparty of payments due under the Swap Transaction entered into in 
connection with such Series of ETP Securities (the one exception is where the Early Redemption Amount 
per ETP Security for such Series is equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount, in which case the Swap 
Counterparty will be obliged under such Swap Transaction to make payment to the Issuer of an amount 
which should equal the Value per ETP Security multiplied by the number of ETP Securities outstanding at 
such time (even where such amount is less than the amount payable in respect of all ETP Securities for 
such Series based on the Minimum Redemption Amount per ETP Security)). The Issuer’s ability to make 
the payments due under the Conditions relating to a Series of ETP Securities on their early redemption is 
entirely dependent on its receipt of the relevant payment from the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Transaction entered into in connection with such Series of ETP Securities.  
Accordingly, the Issuer and the Securityholders are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of each ETP Security to the extent of the entirety of its Final Redemption Amount 
or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable. If the Swap Counterparty defaults on its payments under any 
Swap Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP Securities (including any amount 
payable in connection with the early redemption of a Series of ETP Securities) or becomes insolvent, this 
would result in an event of default under the Swap Agreement, thereby leading to an early termination of 
every Swap Transaction entered into (and which remains outstanding) pursuant to such Swap Agreement 
(including, in the case of a payment default, those Swap Transactions entered into in respect of other 
Series of ETP Securities) and the early redemption of any outstanding Series of ETP Securities. In 
connection with any such early termination of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap 
Agreement, if the Swap Counterparty has not paid in full the Aggregated Early Termination Amount to the 
Issuer when due, then the Issuer may (subject to the terms of the Swap Pledge Agreement) enforce the 
security under the Swap Pledge Agreement in respect of the Swap Collateral Accounts and the Posted 
Collateral (see “Risks relating to the Swap Pledge Agreement and the Posted Collateral” below). If an 
event of default under the Swap Agreement consequently results in a default in the payment of the 
Redemption Amount in respect of any Series of ETP Securities by the Issuer (subject to a 14-day grace 
period), it may also result in the Security under the ETP Securities becoming enforceable (see “Rights in 
respect of the Secured Property” above).  
If, however, following the realisation in full of the Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation or 
enforcement) and application of available cash sums as provided in Condition 6 (Security), there remain 
any outstanding claims against the Issuer in respect of any Series of ETP Securities which are unpaid, 
then such outstanding claim will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof 
(see “Limited recourse obligations, non-petition and related risks” above). Consequently, in certain 
circumstances, a Securityholder may not receive in full the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, payable in respect of an ETP Security and may, in a worst-case scenario, receive 
zero. 
Risks relating to the Swap Collateral Custodian 
In connection with each Series of ETP Securities, the Issuer will enter into a Swap Transaction under the 
Swap Agreement. The ability of the Issuer to meet its payment obligations under a Series of ETP Securities 
depends on the receipt by it of payments payable by the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Transaction 
entered into in connection with such Series of ETP Securities. The obligations of the Swap Counterparty 
to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement (including all Swap Transactions thereunder) are secured

--- Page 32 ---
32 
pursuant to the Swap Pledge Agreement under which security interests are granted in favour of the Issuer 
over the Swap Collateral Accounts and all of the Swap Counterparty’s rights under a custody agreement 
between the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Collateral Custodian (the “Swap Collateral Custody 
Agreement”) to the extent they related to such Swap Collateral Accounts. The Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty and the Swap Collateral Custodian have also entered into an Account Control Agreement, 
pursuant to which the Swap Counterparty (or the Swap Collateral Custodian on its behalf) will post Eligible 
Collateral to the Swap Collateral Accounts in order to collateralise the Swap Counterparty’s obligations 
under the Swap Agreement. The Swap Collateral Custodian will hold any property so transferred to it on 
the terms of the Account Control Agreement. 
The Issuer’s ability to enforce the security created under the Swap Pledge Agreement and meet its 
obligations with respect to all Series of ETP Securities will be dependent upon the performance by the 
Swap Collateral Custodian of its obligations under the Account Control Agreement. Consequently, the 
Securityholders are also relying on the creditworthiness of the Swap Collateral Custodian (and/or any 
relevant sub-custodian appointed by the Swap Collateral Custodian). In the event of a bankruptcy or 
insolvency of the Swap Collateral Custodian, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to 
obtain delivery of and/or realise the property held with the Swap Collateral Custodian or a sub-custodian 
on a timely basis. In addition, the Swap Collateral Custodian may hold some or all of the Posted Collateral 
through a clearing system and/or through a sub-custodian or other account keeper (a “Delegate”), and 
such Posted Collateral may be held in an account with securities of the same type as such Posted 
Collateral held by or on behalf of the Swap Collateral Custodian by such Delegate for the account of other 
customers of the Swap Collateral Custodian. In such case the Swap Collateral Custodian will use 
reasonable endeavours to ensure that any such Delegate will (to the extent permitted by law and/or what 
the Swap Collateral Custodian reasonably believes to be local banking practice) identify in its books the 
securities so held (including any Posted Collateral) as held for the account of the customers of the Swap 
Collateral Custodian and that such property is distinguished on such books from the securities of the same 
type held on behalf of persons other than the Swap Collateral Custodian’s customers or for the own 
account of the Swap Collateral Custodian. If the Swap Collateral Custodian or any Delegate were to 
become insolvent and the securities held in any such combined customer account of the Swap Collateral 
Custodian with any such Delegate (and in which account some or all of the Posted Collateral were 
recorded) were insufficient to meet in full the claims of the customers for whom the Swap Collateral 
Custodian holds securities of the same type as such Posted Collateral, such customers (including the 
Issuer and therefore the Securityholders) would bear any shortfall amongst themselves. 
None of the Swap Collateral Custodian or any Delegate will have any duty or obligation to insure any 
Posted Collateral held or received by it against any risk (including the risk of theft, loss, damage, 
destruction or misdelivery). None of the Swap Collateral Custodian or any Delegate will be liable to the 
Issuer or any Securityholder or any other person for any loss or destruction or depreciation in the value of 
any Posted Collateral held or received by it or any income therefrom unless such loss, destruction or 
depreciation is the direct result of the Swap Collateral Custodian’s (or Delegate’s to the extent it is affiliated 
to the Swap Collateral Custodian) negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful misconduct. The Swap Collateral 
Custodian is not responsible for the acts, omissions, defaults or insolvency of any third party including, but 
not limited to, any sub-custodian, clearing system, securities depository, broker, counterparty or issuer of 
any Posted Collateral held or received by it. The Swap Collateral Custodian will only be responsible for 
losses suffered by the Issuer as a direct result of its negligence, fraud, bad faith or wilful default in the 
appointment and monitoring of any non-affiliated sub-custodian or nominee. Otherwise, the Swap 
Collateral Custodian is not liable for any act or omission, or for the solvency, of any non-affiliated sub-
custodian or nominee.  
Consequently, in certain circumstances, a Securityholder may not receive in full the Final Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, payable in respect of an ETP Security and may, in a 
worst-case scenario, receive zero.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Transfer of Swap Agreement and Swap Transaction and/or Swap Pledge Agreement  
The Swap Counterparty may (subject to certain conditions) transfer the Swap Agreement and the Swap 
Transactions thereunder, the Account Control Agreement and/or the Swap Pledge Agreement to another 
of its offices or affiliates. In such circumstances the Issuer and therefore the Securityholders will be 
exposed to the creditworthiness of the transferee rather than the creditworthiness of the Swap 
Counterparty.  Accordingly, investors may lose some or all of their investment should the transferee default 
in the performance of its obligations in respect of any Swap Transaction under the Swap Agreement and 
the Posted Collateral is not sufficient to cover amounts upaid by the transferee. 
Determination under the Swap Agreement 
Pursuant to the terms of each Swap Transaction entered into under the Swap Agreement, the Swap 
Counterparty and the Swap Calculation Agent may make determinations which: 
(i) 
have an adverse effect on the Value per ETP Security of a Series of ETP Securities; and/or 
(ii) 
result in a Series of ETP Securities becoming due and payable prior to their Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
In making any determination under a Swap Transaction, the Swap Calculation Agent will make such 
determination in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner but owes no duty to any 
Securityholders, will act for its own account, may exercise any discretion in its own interests and will not 
and is not required to take into account the interests of the Issuer or any Securityholder, which may 
consequently mean the payments on the ETP Securities to holders of the ETP Securities are adversely 
affected. 
Disruption Events 
Under any Swap Transaction, a Disruption Event Notice may be given by the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer where (i) the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Closing Index Level of the Index, 
(ii) the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index, (iii) there has been a material suspension of or 
material limitation imposed by relevant exchanges or quotation systems or otherwise on trading in 
securities comprising 20 per cent. or more of the Index or futures or options contracts relating to the Index, 
(iv) any other event relating to the relevant trading facility occurs that materially disrupts or impacts the 
trading in or the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for, securities comprising 20 per cent. of the Index or futures or options contracts relating to the Index, (v) 
the relevant trading facility in respect of securities comprising 20 per cent. of the Index is closed early 
and/or (vi) the relevant exchange or quotation system fails to open for trading on a scheduled trading day 
for such exchange or quotation system. 
If, pursuant to the terms of any Swap Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP Securities 
under the Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty gives a Disruption Event Notice in respect of a 
Scheduled Valuation Day, the Swap Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, determine and notify to 
the Issuer on the immediately following London and Paris Business Day a Closing Index Level in respect 
of such Series of ETP Securities and Scheduled Valuation Day in accordance with the provisions of the 
Swap Agreement in order to enable the Issuer to determine and publish the corresponding Value per ETP 
Security. If, however, the Swap Calculation Agent does not so determine and notify to the Issuer a Closing 
Index Level by the immediately following London and Paris Business Day, determination of the Closing 
Index Level for such Series of ETP Securities and Scheduled Valuation Day (and each subsequent 
Disrupted Day) will be postponed until such Disruption Event has been resolved or is no longer continuing, 
or, where such Disruption Event continues for nine consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days, until the 
London and Paris Business Day immediately following the end of such nine consecutive Scheduled 
Valuation Day period. Determination and publication of the Value per ETP Security for such Scheduled 
Valuation Day (and each such subsequent Disrupted Day) shall also be postponed accordingly.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
If the Closing Index Level in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day is not determined and published on the 
immediately following London and Paris Business Day, no further issuances or purchases by the Issuer of 
ETP Securities may be requested by an Authorised Participant on such London and Paris Business Day. 
If a further issuance or purchase by the Issuer of ETP Securities is traded on a particular day but a 
Disruption Event is subsequently deemed to have occurred in respect of such day and no Value per ETP 
Security for such day is determined and published on the immediately following London and Paris Business 
Day, the scheduled settlement date for such further issuance or purchase will be postponed until such 
Disruption Event has been resolved or is no longer continuing. 
The delivery of a Disruption Event Notice by the Swap Counterparty and the determinations of the Swap 
Calculation Agent under the relevant Swap Transaction (including, without limitation, the calculation of the 
Closing Index Level) may have an adverse effect on the Value per ETP Security. 
Investors should be aware that if the Swap Calculation Agent does determine and notify to the Issuer a 
Closing Index Level in respect of a Disrupted Day, such Closing Index Level may differ from the official 
closing index level (if any) determined and published by the relevant Index Sponsor in respect of such 
Disrupted Day. This in turn may also have an impact on an investor’s ability to sell its ETP Securities on 
the secondary market due to factors including but not limited to, reduced liquidity of the ETP Securities or 
a wider bid/offer spread on the relevant exchange. 
Adjustment Events 
The Swap Counterparty may, on any Scheduled Valuation Day, determine that an Adjustment Event in 
respect of a Swap Transaction relating to a Series of ETP Securities has occurred or exists and deliver an 
Adjustment Event Notice in connection therewith. The Adjustment Events are (i) the Index Sponsor 
cancelling the Index and a Successor Index being identified and (ii) the Index Sponsor announcing that it 
will make a material change in the formula for, or the method of, calculating the Index or in any other way 
materially modifying the Index. 
If an Adjustment Event Notice is delivered in respect of a Series of ETP Securities and the Swap 
Transaction entered into in connection with such Series of ETP Securities, the Swap Calculation Agent 
may determine in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that one or more adjustments to 
the terms of such Swap Transaction and/or the Conditions of such Series of ETP Securities is appropriate 
to account for the economic effect of the relevant Adjustment Event on such Swap Transaction and such 
Series of ETP Securities. If the Swap Calculation Agent makes such a determination, it will determine the 
adjustment(s) to be made to the terms of such Swap Transaction and/or the Conditions of such Series of 
ETP Securities in connection therewith and the effective date of such adjustment(s). There can be no 
assurance that any such adjustment(s) made to such Swap Transaction and/or the Conditions of such 
Series of ETP Securities to account for the economic effect of an Adjustment Event will not have an 
adverse effect on the Value per ETP Security of such Series of ETP Securities.  
5. Risks relating to the Indices linked to the ETP Securities 
Index-linked securities  
The ETP Securities are index-linked securities. Whilst a “Value per ETP Security” is calculated and 
ascribed to the ETP Securities of each Series in respect of each Scheduled Valuation Day, the return on 
such Series of ETP Securities at redemption is funded solely through a Swap Transaction entered into with 
the Swap Counterparty exclusively in respect of such Series of ETP Securities. The amount that would be 
payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Transaction upon a termination of the 
Swap Transaction as of any given day is linked to the performance of an Index and the Value per ETP 
Security of such Series of ETP Securities. Because the Issuer obtains its exposure to the Index through a 
Swap Transaction rather than by investing directly in the Index itself, these types of ETP Securities are

--- Page 35 ---
35 
known as indirect replication exchange traded indices. This is because the Issuer obtains its exposure 
indirectly via the Swap Transaction. 
A Series of ETP Securities may trade quite differently from the performance of the Index to which such 
ETP Securities are linked and changes in the level of the Index may not result in a comparable change in 
the market price or in the Value per ETP Security of such ETP Securities.  Accordingly, the return investors 
may receive on the ETP Securities through indirect exposure to the Index may not correlate with (and 
therefore be less than) any return payable had the investors obtained direct exposure to the Index itself. 
Not an investment in the underlying asset(s) 
The Index to which a Series of ETP Securities is linked will reference certain underlying asset(s). However, 
prospective investors should be aware that an investment in a Series of ETP Securities is not the same as 
a direct investment in the relevant asset or Index to which such Series of ETP Securities is linked. As a 
result, changes in the price of the asset will not necessarily result in correlated changes in the level of the 
Index, nor will it necessarily change to the same degree. In addition, the rules for calculation of the Index 
may include deductions for fees, a currency hedging component and/or other factors that affect how closely 
the Index tracks the price of the asset(s) referenced by the Index and may also permit the Index Sponsor 
to make certain adjustments to the level of the Index. Any such deductions and adjustments may cause 
the level of the Index to diverge from the price of the asset(s) referenced by the Index, which may 
consequently mean the payments on the ETP Securities to holders of the ETP Securities are adversely 
affected. 
Long or Short Exposure 
An Index may provide long exposure or short exposure. Prospective investors should be aware that if they 
invest in ETP Securities linked to a short exposure Index, price rises in the underlying asset(s) will generally 
result in a fall in value of the ETP Securities which may, in return, result in an investor losing some or all 
of their investment.   
Leverage 
If the Index provides a leveraged exposure to the underlying asset(s) referenced by the Index, the effect 
of any negative or positive changes in the price thereof on the level of such Index will be magnified as 
compared to the effect of any such negative or positive changes on the level of an otherwise identical Index 
that does not employ leverage. Prospective investors should note that such leverage will mean that any 
fall in the level of the Index will lead to a magnified fall in the Swap Value of the Swap Transaction 
referencing such Index. In such circumstances, the amount that would be payable by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer upon the termination of such Swap Transaction will be less than had the Index 
been unleveraged, meaning that any losses on a Securityholder’s investment in the ETP Securities would 
also be greater. 
The negative performance of one or more components of an Index may outweigh a positive 
performance of one or more other components 
Prospective investors should note that even in the case of the performance of one or more components 
which would, when taken alone, have a positive impact on the level of the Index, the level of the Index may 
still decrease if the performance of one or more of the other components of the Index taken as a whole 
have a negative impact on the level which outweighs the positive effect of such component(s). If the rules 
of the Index give greater weight to certain components of the Index than other components, the level of 
the Index and therefore the Value per ETP Security of the ETP Securities linked to such Index will generally 
be affected more by changes in the value or price of such weighted components.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
In the event that the performance of one or more of the other components of the Index has a negative 
impact on the level which outweighs the positive effect of such component(s), investors should note that 
they may lose some or all of their investment. 
Role of the Index Sponsor of the Index 
The sponsor of an Index is responsible for the composition, calculation and maintenance of that Index. 
The Index Sponsor of the Index will have no involvement in the offer and sale of the ETP Securities linked 
to such Index (save that nothing will prevent any Index Sponsor from also acting as Authorised Participant 
with respect to any Series of ETP Securities linked to an Index sponsored by it) and will have no obligations 
or duties to the Issuer, the Trustee or any Securityholder with respect to any action taken by it as Index 
Sponsor. The Index Sponsor of the Index has no obligation to take into account and will not take into 
account the interests of any Securityholders or the impact on the Value per ETP Securities of any ETP 
Securities when making determinations and taking actions with respect to the Index. 
The Index Sponsor of the Index may license the Index, and any of its sub-indices or strategies similar to 
the Index for use by other market participants, for publication in newspapers and periodicals, for distribution 
by information and data dissemination services and for various other purposes. Such licensing may 
contribute to an increased level of investment in the Index or similar strategies and this may have an impact 
on the level of the Index and the Value per ETP Security of the ETP Securities linked to such Index which 
may result in investors losing some or all of their investment. 
Change in composition or discontinuance of the Index 
The Index Sponsor may add, delete or substitute the components of the Index or make other changes to 
the methodology for determining the asset(s) to be included in the Index or for valuing the Index. 
The composition of the Index may therefore change over time to satisfy the eligibility criteria applicable to 
the Index or asset(s) currently included in the Index fail to satisfy such criteria. Such changes to the 
composition of the Index by the Index Sponsor may affect the level of the Index as a newly added asset 
may perform significantly worse or better than the asset it replaces. As the Value per ETP Security of the 
ETP Securities is linked to the level of the Index, changes in the composition of the Index may have an 
adverse effect on the Value per ETP Security of the ETP Securities and/or may constitute an Adjustment 
Event and/or result in a Disruption Event and/or the early redemption of the ETP Securities. 
The rules of the Index may confer on the Index Sponsor in certain circumstances the right to make 
determinations, calculations, modifications and/or adjustments to the Index and the eligible components of 
the Index and related matters, which involve, in certain circumstances, a degree of discretion. An index 
sponsor will generally, as far as reasonably practicable, exercise any such discretion with the aim of 
preserving the overall methodology of the relevant Index. The exercise of such discretion may result in the 
level of the Index on any day being different to that which it may have been had the index sponsor not 
determined to exercise such discretion. Whilst an index sponsor is typically required to act reasonably and 
in good faith in exercising its discretion, there can be no assurance that the exercise of any such discretion 
by the Index Sponsor will not affect the level of the Index and/or alter the volatility of the Index and have 
an adverse effect on the Value per ETP Security of the relevant Series of ETP Securities. 
If the Index Sponsor discontinues or suspends calculation or publication of the Index, under the terms of 
the ETP Securities, the Index may, in certain circumstances, be substituted with a Successor Index or an 
Index Cancellation Redemption Event may occur resulting in the early redemption of the ETP Securities. 
If the Index is replaced with a Successor Index, the relevant Securityholders will be exposed to fluctuations 
in the movements of the Successor Index and not the Index originally specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer is not affiliated to the sponsor of the Index in any way and has no ability to control or predict its 
actions, including any errors in or discontinuation of disclosure regarding its methods or policies relating to 
the calculation of the Index.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
As a consequence of the factors listed above, the ETP Securityholders may lose all or some of their 
investment in the ETP Securities.   
6. Risks relating to an investment in daily Leveraged ETP Securities 
Magnified losses  
ETP Securities which are leveraged seek to achieve a return which is a multiple of the daily return of the 
underlying asset(s) referenced by the applicable Index (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or 
any Adjustments) (“Leveraged ETP Securities”). Leveraged ETP Securities will magnify losses in market 
environments adverse to their objective compared to similar exchange traded products that are not 
leveraged. In addition, losses will be magnified as the amount of leverage increases. Investing in 
Leveraged ETP Securities is not the same as being long (or short) the underlying asset(s) of the relevant 
Index. Leveraged ETP Securities are designed to match the daily percentage change in the value of the 
underlying asset(s) referenced by the applicable Index, multiplied by a leverage factor included in the Index 
(excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or any Adjustments). The return from holding Leveraged 
ETP Securities is not the same as the return from buying (in the case of ETP Securities referencing an 
Index which is long on the underlying asset(s)) or selling (shorting) (in the case of ETP Securities 
referencing an Index which is short on the underlying asset(s)) the relevant underlying asset(s) of which 
the Index is composed. 
By way of example, Leveraged ETP Securities may reference Indices seeking to provide an exposure 
reflecting two times (2x) the daily percentage change in the value of the underlying asset(s) (excluding the 
effects of any applicable fees and/or any Adjustments). If the value of the underlying asset(s) rises by 1 
per cent. on a particular day, then the value of the Index and, accordingly, the Value per ETP Security 
would rise by 2 per cent. in respect of that day (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or any 
Adjustments). The opposite effect would occur if the value of the underlying asset(s) falls by 1 per cent. on 
a particular day. In this case the value of the Index and, accordingly, the Value per ETP Security would fall 
by 2 per cent. in respect of that day (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or any Adjustments). 
Leveraged ETP Securities may also reference Indices seeking to provide, by way of example, an exposure 
reflecting minus two times (-2x) the daily percentage change in the value of the underlying asset(s) 
(excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or any Adjustments). If the value of the underlying asset(s) 
falls by 1 per cent. on a particular day then the value of the Index and, accordingly, the Value per ETP 
Security would rise by 2 per cent. in respect of that day (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or 
any Adjustments). The opposite effect would occur if the value of the underlying asset(s) rises by 1 per 
cent. on a particular day. In this case the value of the Index and, accordingly, the Value per ETP Security 
would fall by 2 per cent. in respect of that day (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or any 
Adjustments).  
Investing in ETP Securities which reference a leveraged Index is riskier than investing in securities which 
provide exposure to an unleveraged Index as any losses an investor incurs will be magnified by the use of 
leverage and an investor could incur significant losses in a very short period of time. For example, in an 
extreme case, the value of the underlying asset(s) could decrease by more than 50 per cent. in a given 
day. If this happened, an Index that provides two times (2x) daily exposure to the return of such underlying 
asset(s) could (in the absence of an intra-day reset of the relevant Index – see “Large intra-day and 
overnight market movements” below) fall to zero as the Index would provide two times exposure to the 50 
per cent. daily decrease in the value of the underlying asset(s) (i.e the Index would fall in value by 100 per 
cent. during the given day). Accordingly, the Value per ETP Security for a Series of ETP Securities tracking 
such Index could lose all of its value, meaning that the amount payable by the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer under the relevant Swap Transaction upon its termination would also be significantly reduced. Such 
a scenario could result in the total loss of an investor’s initial investment. The value of the underlying 
asset(s) could also increase by more than 50 per cent. in a given day. If this happened, an Index that 
provides minus two times (-2x) daily exposure to the return of such underlying asset(s) could (in the

--- Page 38 ---
38 
absence of an intra-day reset of the relevant Index – see “Large intra-day and overnight market 
movements” below) fall to zero as the Index would provide minus two times exposure to the 50 per cent. 
daily increase in the value of the underlying asset(s) (i.e. the Index would fall in value by 100 per cent. 
during the given day). Accordingly, the Value per ETP Security for a Series of ETP Securities tracking such 
Index could lose all of its value, meaning that the amount payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer 
under the relevant Swap Transaction upon its termination would also be significantly reduced. Such a 
scenario could result in the total loss of an investor’s initial investment. Either of the above scenarios could 
occur in a very short period of time. 
Daily leverage and long-term effect 
Due to the Leveraged ETP Securities’ daily investment goals, a Leveraged ETP Security’s return over 
holding periods longer than one day will likely differ from the leveraged return of the relevant underlying 
asset(s) referenced by the applicable Index, and this difference will become more adverse as the holding 
period increases in length. Long and short leveraged Indices are designed to track the daily percentage 
movement in the value of the relevant underlying asset(s) multiplied by a particular leverage factor (for 
example two times (2x) or minus two times (-2x) as the case may be). The return from holding Leveraged 
ETP Securities is not the same as the return from buying multiples of the underlying asset(s) which 
comprise the relevant Index. Accordingly, an investment in long and short Leveraged ETP Securities may 
provide a lower return than if an investor had bought on a ‘leveraged’ basis or respectively ‘shorted’ or 
‘short sold’ the underlying asset(s) which comprise the relevant Index. Similarly, the return from holding 
ETP Securities that reference short Indices is not the same as the return from selling multiples of the 
underlying asset(s) which comprise the relevant Index and buying back those underlying asset(s) at a later 
point in time (known in the market as ‘shorting’ or ‘short selling’). 
The return on Leveraged ETP Securities over a period longer than one day is the result of the return for 
each day compounded over all days in that period. As a consequence of the daily leverage exposure of 
Leveraged ETP Securities, over periods longer than one day (excluding the effects of any applicable fees 
and/or any Adjustments), the redemption entitlement of a Leveraged ETP Security will fall if the change in 
the value of the relevant underlying asset(s) is flat (i.e. has a zero or close to zero return). 
Price Volatility 
Price volatility may result in long-term returns being significantly different to overall changes in the value 
of the underlying asset(s). For example, leveraged long Indices (and the corresponding ETP Securities 
which reference such Indices) may provide an exposure equal to two times (2x) the daily percentage 
change in the value of the underlying asset(s). However, over periods of longer than one day it is possible 
that an Index (and the corresponding ETP Securities which reference such Index) may provide a return 
which is significantly less than two times (2x) the percentage change in the value of the underlying asset(s) 
over such longer period. This will tend to be the case in circumstances where the volatility of the value of 
the underlying asset(s) increases or where the magnitude of the cumulative changes in the value of the 
underlying asset(s) decreases (whether on a positive or negative basis) over such longer time-period. 
Accordingly, leveraged long and short ETP Securities are only suitable for persons who understand the 
economic risk of investing in a security which provides daily leverage, the impact that price volatility may 
have on their investment and who are willing and able to monitor their investment on a frequent basis. 
Short leveraged Indices (and the corresponding ETP Securities which track such Indices) may provide an 
exposure equal to minus two times (-2x) the daily percentage change in the value of the underlying 
asset(s). However, over periods of longer than one day it is possible that an Index (and the corresponding 
ETP Securities which reference such Index) may provide a return which is significantly less than minus 
two times (-2x) the percentage change in the value of the underlying asset(s) over such longer period. This 
will tend to be the case in circumstances where the volatility of the value of the underlying asset(s) 
increases or where the magnitude of the cumulative changes in the value of the underlying asset(s) 
decreases (whether on a positive or negative basis) over such longer time-period. These examples do not

--- Page 39 ---
39 
take into account the additional impact that fees and/or any Adjustments will have on an investment in ETP 
Securities and the examples further assume that none of the days referred to is a Disrupted Day or a day 
in respect of which an Adjustment Event has occurred. 
The Indices (and the Value per ETP Security of the corresponding ETP Securities which reference such 
Indices) will be affected by movements in the value of the underlying asset(s) comprised within the relevant 
Index. Such movements will be compounded given that the Indices may provide leveraged long or short 
daily exposure to the return of the underlying asset(s) comprised therein. The value of the underlying 
asset(s) may fluctuate widely and may be affected by numerous factors including, but not limited to, market 
and economic conditions, sector, geographical region and political events. Fluctuations in the value of the 
underlying asset(s) comprised in an Index will cause the value of the Indices (and the  Value per ETP 
Security of the corresponding ETP Securities which reference such Indices) to fluctuate. 
Investors should note that the effect of Indices providing leveraged long or short daily exposure to the 
return of an underlying asset or assets can result in significant losses over extended periods. For example, 
in respect of ETP Securities referencing 2 x Apple, the Value per ETP Security would have fallen by 51.2% 
between 20 July 2015 and 12 May 2016 (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or any 
Adjustments and assuming no Disruption Event and no Adjustment Events). In respect of ETP Securities 
referencing – 2 x Apple, the Value per ETP Security would have fallen by 76.5% between 12 May 2016 
and 29 November 2017 (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or any Adjustments and assuming 
no Disruption Event and no Adjustment Events). 
Large intra-day and overnight market movements  
In the event of large movements in the value of any underlying asset(s) referenced by an Index during the 
course of a Scheduled Valuation Day, it is possible that an intra-day reset may be triggered with respect 
to such Index. An intra-day reset is designed as a stop-loss to restrict (to a certain extent) the loss in value 
of an Index during periods of extreme market movement by providing a new base level for determining the 
movement in the value of any underlying asset(s). The effect of an intra-day reset is that an Index will for 
the remainder of that day provide relevant leveraged long or short exposure to the movement in the value 
of such underlying asset(s) measured from the time the intra-day reset took place (or thereabouts). If an 
intra-day reset were to take place then, for the reasons described above, an Index (and the corresponding 
ETP Securities which reference such Index) will not provide leveraged exposure to the movement in the 
value of the underlying asset(s) throughout the course of that day. If the value of the underlying asset(s) 
were to fall (or rise) significantly during the course of a day resulting in an intra-day reset occurring with 
respect to the corresponding Index but then during the remainder of the day the underlying asset(s) were 
to recover their losses (or lose their gains) then the relevant Index and, therefore, the corresponding ETP 
Securities would still incur a significant loss during such day due to the intra-day reset providing a lower 
(higher) base level for determining the movement in the value of the underlying asset(s) throughout the 
remainder of the day. As a result, where an intra-day reset occurs, an investor’s losses may still be 
significant. The level of any intra-day reset triggers will vary between different Indices. An intra-day reset 
may not occur with respect to overnight movements in the value of the underlying asset(s) (i.e. from close 
of a Stock Exchange on one day to open of the Stock Exchange the following day). Accordingly, in the 
event of a large overnight movement in the value of the underlying asset(s) referenced by an Index, the 
Value per ETP Security could plummet meaning that the amount payable by the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer under the relevant Swap Transaction upon its termination would also be significantly reduced. In 
such a scenario, an investor that holds a corresponding ETP Security could lose all or part of their 
investment. 
7. Risks related to equity indices 
No issuer of any relevant equities will have participated in the preparation of the Final Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the ETP Securities and no Authorised Participant will make any investigation or

--- Page 40 ---
40 
enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to the information concerning any such issuer of 
equites contained in the Final Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. 
Consequently, there can be no assurance that all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date 
(including events that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available documents 
described in this paragraph or in the Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the relevant equities 
will have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure 
to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of equities could affect the trading price of the 
equities and therefore the trading price of the ETP Securities. 
The risks of an ETP Security funded exclusively by a Swap Transaction whose payout is linked to an equity 
Index may include, but are not limited to, the possibility of significant changes in the price(s) of the equity 
or equities referenced by the Index. The value of the relevant equities may go down as well as up and the 
value of any relevant equities on any date may not reflect its performance in any prior period. There can 
be no assurance as to the future value of any equity or of the continued existence of any equity or its 
related company. Accordingly, before making an investment decision with respect to ETP Securities, 
prospective investors should carefully consider whether an investment, the return on which will depend on 
a Swap Transaction whose payout is linked to the performance of equities, is suitable for them. 
In considering whether to purchase the ETP Securities, each prospective investor should be aware that 
the calculation of amounts payable under the Swap Transaction funding such ETP Securities may involve 
reference to the performance of one or more equities over a period of time and to equities, the issuer(s) of 
which are incorporated outside the United States and the European Economic Area. 
No voting rights or rights to directly receive dividends or distributions 
Securityholders will not have voting rights or rights to directly receive dividends or distributions or any other 
rights with respect to the relevant equities to which such Index under an ETP Security relate. The return 
on the Index will be total return, meaning that it will assume that any dividends or other distributions which 
would be paid to purchasers would have been re-invested in the Index. 
Diversification 
The fewer the equities that comprise the Index, the less diversified the Index will be. Less diversified equity 
indices are generally more volatile than more diversified indices and consequently the Value per ETP 
Security of any Series of ETP Securities linked to an Index comprised of a limited number of equities or a 
single equity may also reflect a greater volatility.  
Even if the Index is comprised of a basket of different equities, the effectiveness of the diversification may 
be limited due to price correlation between different equities. The greater the correlation between the price 
of equities comprised in the Index, the greater the impact on the performance of the Index and 
consequently on the Value per ETP Security of the relevant Series of ETP Securities of a fall or rise in the 
prices of such equities. 
8. Risks relating to Conflicts of Interest 
GraniteShares Jersey Limited 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, GraniteShares Jersey Limited is the Arranger. GraniteShares 
Jersey Limited and any Affiliate of GraniteShares Jersey Limited (“Granite entities” and each a “Granite 
entity”) may enter into business dealings, from which they may derive revenues and profits in addition to 
any fees derived in connection with the Programme, without any duty to account therefore.  Accordingly, 
each Granite entity may choose to take steps that it deems appropriate in the normal course of its business 
without regard to the consequences for the purchasers of the ETP Securities or any other person.  If such 
activities have an adverse effect on the level of the Index, adversely affect the price and liquidity of any 
component of the Index and/or the asset(s) comprised in the Posted Collateral, or ultimately adversely

--- Page 41 ---
41 
effect on the Value per ETP Security of a Series of ETP Securities, the ETP Security holder has no recourse 
to the Granite entity for any losses. 
Other Transaction Parties 
Transaction Parties and/or their respective Affiliates may engage in trading and market-making activities 
and may hold long or short positions in the Index, any component of the Index, any asset comprised in the 
Posted Collateral and other financial instruments or products based on or related to the Index, components 
of the Index and/or assets comprised in any Posted Collateral for their own accounts or for other accounts 
under their management. Transaction Parties and their affiliates may also issue securities or enter into 
financial instruments in relation to the Index, any component of the Index and/or assets comprised in the 
Posted Collateral. Such activities could present certain conflicts of interest, could adversely affect the level 
of the Index or adversely affect the price and liquidity of any component of the Index and/or the asset(s) 
comprised in the Posted Collateral and may have an adverse effect on the Value per ETP Security of a 
Series of ETP Securities. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may be entitled to receive fees or other payments under or in 
connection with other products linked to the Index to which a Series of ETP Securities relates or otherwise 
and to exercise all rights, including rights of termination or resignation, which they may have, even though 
so doing may have a detrimental effect on investors in such Series of ETP Securities. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may, from time to time, by virtue of such activities and their status 
as underwriter, adviser or otherwise, possess or have access to information relating to the components of 
any relevant Index, the assets comprised in the Posted Collateral and/or the other Transaction Parties. 
There is no obligation on any Transaction Party to disclose to any investor in any Series of ETP Securities 
any such information. 
A Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may, as an issuer or counterparty of equity-linked obligations or 
transactions, engage in activities designed to reduce its exposure to the risk of adverse price movements 
that may impact on the level of a relevant Index and/or the prices of components of a relevant Index on 
any particular day, meaning it may be different from the level which it would otherwise have been, whether 
directly or indirectly. Such activities may have an adverse effect on the Value per ETP Security of one or 
more Series of ETP Securities. 
In addition, a Transaction Party and/or its Affiliates may engage in activities designed to reduce its 
exposure to the risk of adverse price movements that may impact on the value of the Posted Collateral 
under the Account Control Agreement. Such activities may result in the value of the Posted Collateral being 
less than the amounts owed by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement (including 
all Swap Transactions thereunder) on a particular day.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
1. the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 30 June 2020 (the 
“2020 Accounts”) which shall be deemed to be incorporated in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. The 2020 Accounts have been filed with each of the FCA and the Central Bank and 
can be found at https://graniteshares.com/media/j4fmmbe5/graniteshares-financial-plc-300620-
signed-financial-statements.pdf  
 
2. the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 30 June 2021 (the 
“2021 Accounts”) which shall be deemed to be incorporated in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. The 2021 Accounts have been filed1 with each of the FCA and the Central Bank 
and can be found at https://graniteshares.com/media/h2ad2sgg/graniteshares-financial-plc-
annual-financial-statements-30-june-2021.pdf  
 
 
 
 
 
                                                        
1 TBC

--- Page 43 ---
43 
COMMONLY ASKED QUESTIONS  
This section is intended to answer some of the questions which investors may have when considering an 
investment in the ETP Securities. However, any decision to invest in ETP Securities should only be made 
after careful consideration of all relevant sections of this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. 
This section is not intended to be a substitute for, nor a summary of, the Conditions. 
Capitalised terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Conditions. 
1 
What are the ETP Securities? 
The ETP Securities are secured debt securities issued by GraniteShares Financial Plc, an Irish public 
limited company set up as the administrative vehicle for issuing the ETP Securities. The ETP Securities 
are designed to provide investors with exposure to a specified Index. They enable investors to gain such 
exposure without having to take physical delivery of an asset or having to trade in derivatives to such asset.  
ETP Securities will typically be admitted to listing on the official list of the FCA and/or on another Stock 
Exchange, and will generally be made eligible to trade intra-day on the London Stock Exchange and/or on 
such other exchange.  
2 
How do the ETP Securities give me exposure to an asset?  
The ETP Securities are long-dated securities that promise to pay an amount at maturity linked to the value 
of an Index. With respect to each Series of ETP Securities, the Issuer enters into a Swap Transaction 
under the Swap Agreement, pursuant to which it pays the entire issue proceeds of such Series of ETP 
Securities to the Swap Counterparty upon receipt. In return, at maturity or where such Series of ETP 
Securities redeems early, the Swap Counterparty will pay to the Issuer an amount that reflects the 
performance of the relevant Index and which will be an amount equal to the amount the Issuer has to pay 
on such Series ETP Securities. The one exception is where the Redemption Amount per ETP Security for 
such Series is equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount. In this case the Swap Counterparty will be 
obliged under such Swap Transaction to make payment to the Issuer of an amount which should equal the 
Value per ETP Security multiplied by the number of ETP Securities outstanding at such time (even where 
such amount is less than the amount payable in respect of all ETP Securities for such Series based on the 
Minimum Redemption Amount per ETP Security).  
Because the Issuer obtains its exposure under the Swap Transaction, rather than by investing directly in 
Indices themselves, these types of ETP Securities are known as indirect replication exchange traded 
indices. This is because the Issuer obtains its exposure indirectly via the Swap Transaction.  
3 
Who is the Swap Counterparty? 
Natixis is the Swap Counterparty. 
4 
What are the Indices? 
The ETP Securities are index-linked securities. The amount payable in respect of the ETP Securities and 
the Value per ETP Security (see “What is the Value per ETP Security” below) is linked to the performance 
of the Index specified in the relevant Final Terms, as such Index may be replaced, substituted or otherwise 
adjusted in accordance with the Conditions.  
The complete set of rules of any relevant Index and information on the performance of such Index are 
freely accessible on the Issuer’s website at https://graniteshares.com/europe/etps (or such other website 
as may be notified to Securityholders) or on the index provider’s website as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the governing rules (including methodology of the Index for the selection and the re-balancing 
of the components of the Index, description of market disruption events and adjustment rules) are based 
on predetermined and objective criteria.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
The Index to which a Series of ETP Securities relates may be designed to provide leveraged long or short 
exposure to underlying asset(s). 
The Indices are described in more detail under the section “Description of the Indices”. 
5 
Is an investment in an Index the same as investing in the underlying asset(s)? 
An investment in an Index is not the same as investing directly in the underlying asset(s) comprising the 
underlying asset(s). Importantly, an investment in an Index does not give any ownership interest, right or 
entitlement to the underlying asset(s). Any amounts payable on the ETP Securities will be in cash, and the 
holders of the ETP Securities will have no right to receive delivery of any asset(s). 
In addition, the return on most Indices will not track the return that would be achieved by an investor were 
it to instead invest in the underlying asset(s). See “What are the Indices?” above.  
6 
What is the structure of the ETP Securities? 
Each Series of ETP Securities is issued on the related Series Issue Date by the Issuer to one or more 
Authorised Participants. In connection with such Series of ETP Securities, the Issuer enters into a Swap 
Transaction under the Swap Agreement, pursuant to which it pays the issue proceeds to the Swap 
Counterparty. In return, at maturity or where such Series of ETP Securities redeems early, the Swap 
Counterparty will pay to the Issuer an amount that reflects the performance of the relevant Index and which 
will equal the amount the Issuer has to pay on such Series of ETP Securities. The one exception is where 
the Redemption Amount for such Series of ETP Securities is equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount. 
In this case the Swap Counterparty will be obliged under such Swap Transaction to make payment to the 
Issuer of an amount which should equal the Value per ETP Security multiplied by the number of ETP 
Securities outstanding at such time (even where such amount is less than the amount payable in respect 
of all ETP Securities for such Series based on the Minimum Redemption Amount per ETP Security). 
In order to minimise the risk that the Swap Counterparty does not make the payments due from it to the 
Issuer under the Swap Agreement (including all Swap Transactions thereunder), pursuant to the Account 
Control Agreement, on each business day (as defined therein being a day that is a business day in London 
and Paris and on which the Swap Collateral Custodian will calculate the value of the Posted Collateral and 
is open for business), the Swap Counterparty is required to ensure that at the end of such business day 
collateral assets having a total value at least equal to the Outstanding Amount are posted to one or more 
accounts established for such purposes (the “Swap Collateral Accounts”). The Swap Counterparty has 
granted security over the Swap Collateral Accounts to the Issuer pursuant to the Swap Pledge Agreement. 
The “Outstanding Amount” in respect of any London and Paris Business Day is an amount denominated 
in EUR, as notified by each of the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty to the Swap Collateral Custodian on 
a daily basis, equal to (i) the sum of all Unadjusted Swap Values determined in respect of the immediately 
preceding Scheduled Valuation Day and applicable to all Swap Transactions entered into and still 
outstanding pursuant to the Swap Agreement plus (ii) the aggregate value (being, for each further 
issuance, the relevant Issue Price per ETP Security multiplied by the number of ETP Securities being 
issued) of all further issuances settled on such London and Paris Business Day on or prior to 14:00 London 
time minus (iii) the aggregate value (being, for each purchase, the purchase price per ETP Security 
multiplied by the number of ETP Securities being purchased) of all purchases by the Issuer of ETP 
Securities settled on such London and Paris Business Day on or prior to 14:00 London time. The 
“Unadjusted Swap Value” in respect of a Swap Transaction (and the Series of ETP Securities in 
connection with which such Swap Transaction was entered into) is an amount equal to the Value per ETP 
Security for such Scheduled Valuation Day and Series of ETP Securities multiplied by the number of ETP 
Securities outstanding at such time of calculation (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not include any 
ETP Securities that have been proposed to be issued to an Authorised Participant, or purchased by the 
Issuer, but which issuance or purchase has not yet settled).

--- Page 45 ---
45 
The amount of collateral that must be posted in the Swap Collateral Accounts will be adjusted daily to 
reflect the value of the Swap Agreement (including all Swap Transactions thereunder) based on the 
Outstanding Amount notified, and the value of the Posted Collateral determined, on the immediately 
preceding business day. If on any business day the Outstanding Amount exceeds the value of the Posted 
Collateral, then the Swap Counterparty will be required to post more Eligible Collateral to the Swap 
Collateral Accounts equal in value to such deficit. Conversely, if the value of the Posted Collateral exceeds 
the Outstanding Amount, then the Swap Collateral Custodian will be required to return to the Swap 
Counterparty an amount of Posted Collateral equal to the amount of such excess (ensuring that following 
such return, the value of the Posted Collateral will still at least equal, if not exceed, the Outstanding 
Amount). 
Posted Collateral will be held by the Swap Collateral Custodian in respect of the Swap Counterparty’s 
obligations under the Swap Agreement as a whole and not in respect of each Swap Transaction 
individually. Pursuant to the Swap Pledge Agreement, the Swap Counterparty has granted security in 
favour of the Issuer over the Swap Collateral Accounts and all of the Swap Counterparty’s rights under the 
Swap Collateral Custody Agreement to the extent they relate to such Swap Collateral Accounts.  
If a Swap Early Termination Date is designated (or deemed to be designated) in respect of a Swap 
Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP Securities following the occurrence of an event 
where such Swap Transaction is the only Swap Transaction that is being terminated as a result of such 
event (including certain Early Redemption Events, a cancellation of the Index or an exercise by the Swap 
Counterparty of its right to terminate early such Swap Transaction), such Series of ETP Securities (and 
not any other Series of ETP Securities) will be redeemed early, an amount will be payable by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement in respect of each ETP Security for such Series 
equal to such ETP Security’s Early Redemption Amount and each ETP Security of such Series will be 
redeemed early at such amount. 
If a Swap Early Termination Date is designated (or deemed to be designated) in respect of all outstanding 
Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement (which would occur if, for example, the Swap Counterparty 
defaults on its payment obligations in respect of any Swap transaction or the Swap Counterparty becomes 
insolvent), all outstanding Series of ETP Securities will be redeemed early. In such circumstances, an 
amount will be payable in EUR by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement equal 
to the Aggregated Early Termination Amount. Each ETP Security of every Series of ETP Securities will be 
redeemed early and the Early Redemption Amount per ETP Security of a Series of ETP Securities will be 
funded by a pro rata share of such EUR denominated Aggregated Early Termination Amount, provided 
that where a Series of ETP Securities is not denominated in EUR, then such pro rata share will be required 
to be converted into the Specified Currency for such Series of ETP Securities, with such converted amount 
funding the Early Redemption Amount per ETP Security for such Series of ETP Securities.  
In connection with any such early termination of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap 
Agreement, if the Swap Counterparty has not paid in full the Aggregated Early Termination Amount to the 
Issuer when due, then the Issuer may enforce the security constituted under the Swap Pledge Agreement 
and the Posted Collateral would be available to be sold in order to pay off amounts owing by the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of every Swap Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP 
Securities under the Swap Agreement. 
The Posted Collateral will be in the form of Eligible Collateral, and the Swap Counterparty may elect to 
substitute some or all of the Posted Collateral with other Eligible Collateral at any time prior to an 
enforcement of the security constituted by the Swap Pledge Agreement. The Posted Collateral will be held 
by the Swap Collateral Custodian, which is The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV. 
A structure diagram showing the principal aspects of the structure is set out below:

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
ETP 
Securities 
Cash 
Cash 
Index 
Return 
Swap Pledge Agreement 
Swap Agt 
Account 
Control Agt 
Delivery of eligible financial 
instruments to secure 
obligations of Swap 
Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement 
 
Cash 
ETP 
Securities

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
7 
What is an Authorised Participant? 
Authorised Participants are the only entities allowed to buy and sell ETP Securities directly from and to the 
Issuer. Any such purchase or sale is made at the prevailing Value per ETP Security plus or minus any 
swap upsize or unwind costs, as applicable. Authorised Participants act also as market makers by buying 
and selling ETP Securities from and to investors on an over-the-counter basis or via a stock exchange.  In 
circumstances where there are no Authorised Participants (and accordingly no market makers), this 
constitutes an Early Redemption Event.  In this circumstance, the affected series would be terminated and 
investors would receive the Early Redemption Amount. 
8 
Do holders of ETP Securities have recourse to particular assets of the Issuer?  
The main assets of the Issuer in respect of a Series of ETP Securities are its rights and interests under the 
Swap Agreement, the Account Control Agreement and the Swap Pledge Agreement.  
The obligations of the Issuer under all Series ETP Securities will be secured in favour of the Security 
Trustee pursuant to an English and Belgian law governed Security Deed by (i) English law security interests 
over the rights of the Issuer under certain agreements entered into by it, including the Swap Agreement 
(including all Swap Transactions thereunder) and (ii) Belgian law security interests over the rights of the 
Issuer under the Swap Pledge Agreement and the Account Control Agreement. The assets and property 
that is the subject of such security interests are collectively known as the Secured Property.  
Other than following the occurrence of a Minimum Redemption Shortfall Event, the Transaction Parties 
and Securityholders in respect of each Series of ETP Securities will have recourse only to the Secured 
Property, subject always to the Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation 
in full of the Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of available 
cash sums as provided in Condition 6 (Security), any outstanding claim against the Issuer in respect of 
any Series of ETP Securities remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim will be extinguished and no 
debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
Following the occurrence of a Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall Event, notwithstanding anything in 
the Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Transaction Parties and Securityholders in respect of the 
Series of ETP Securities under which such Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall Event has occurred 
will have recourse only to a portion of the Secured Property relating to the Issuer’s rights in respect of the 
Swap Termination Amount due and payable under the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with 
such Series of ETP Securities (including any amounts already received by the Issuer from the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of such Swap Termination Amount), subject always to the Security, and not to any 
other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of any portion of the Secured Property relating to 
the Issuer’s rights in respect of such Swap Termination Amount (whether by way of liquidation or 
enforcement) and application of available cash sums as provided in this Condition 6 (Security), any 
outstanding claim against the Issuer in respect any Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall relating to any 
ETP Security remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be 
owed by the Issuer in respect thereof.  
A Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall Event will occur if on the Early Redemption Valuation Date or 
Final Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable, of a Series of ETP Securities, the Minimum Redemption 
Amount per ETP Security is greater than the Value per ETP Security for such Series of ETP Securities on 
such day. In such circumstances, the Swap Counterparty would be obliged to pay an amount to the Issuer 
under the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with such Series of ETP Securities based on the 
Value per ETP Security and therefore such payment would be insufficient to fund a redemption of each 
ETP Security at its Minimum Redemption Amount. Any outstanding claim against the Issuer in respect of

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(i) an amount per ETP Security equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount less (ii) such amount payable 
by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer divided by the number of ETP Securities outstanding for such 
Series (a “Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall”) would be extinguished and no debt will be owed by 
the Issuer in respect thereof. 
9 
What happens if the Swap Counterparty defaults?  
The security under the Swap Pledge Agreement will become enforceable if (I) the Swap Agreement 
terminates in respect of all Swap Transactions thereunder and the Swap Counterparty does not pay in full 
the amount payable under the Swap Agreement when due or (II) the Swap Counterparty fails (or has failed 
to cause the Swap Collateral Custodian) to deliver Eligible Collateral to the Swap Collateral Accounts when 
required in accordance with the terms of the Account Control Agreement and that failure continues for two 
London and Paris Business Days after notice of that failure is given by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to the 
Swap Counterparty and the Swap Collateral Custodian in accordance with the terms of the Swap Pledge 
Agreement. If the security under the Swap Pledge Agreement becomes enforceable, the Issuer will use 
reasonable endeavours to appoint a Liquidation Agent as soon as is reasonably practicable (and provided 
always that the Issuer will not be liable for any non-appointment of any Liquidation Agent or for any losses, 
damages, costs or expenses that result from any such non-appointment) to assist the Issuer in the 
enforcement of the security granted under the Swap Pledge Agreement. The Liquidation Agent will be 
appointed as agent of the Issuer to realise the Posted Collateral under such Swap Pledge Agreement in a 
timely fashion in accordance with the terms of such Swap Pledge Agreement, the Account Control 
Agreement and applicable laws, until such time as the Security constituted under the Security Deed has 
become enforceable and the Security Trustee notifies the Liquidation Agent that it is enforcing such 
Security and to cease its activities in relation thereto. 
In appointing a Liquidation Agent, the Issuer will act in good faith and will seek to appoint a Liquidation 
Agent of good professional standing, having appropriate relevant experience and charging fees that are 
no higher than is commercially reasonable. The Issuer is under no obligation to obtain more than one 
quotation for such role and, where there is more than one candidate, may choose the entity it considers 
best suited to the role, regardless of whether other potential candidates would have charged lower fees. 
10 
When will a Value per ETP Security be calculated? 
Subject to any market disruptions, the Issuer is required to calculate the Value per ETP Security in respect 
of each Scheduled Valuation Day, which value shall be published on the Issuer’s Website on the 
immediately following London and Paris Business Day. A Scheduled Valuation Day is any day on which 
the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index. 
If a Disruption Event is deemed to have occurred in respect of the relevant Index and a Scheduled 
Valuation Day, the determination and publication of the Value per ETP Security in respect of such 
Scheduled Valuation Day (and subsequent disrupted Scheduled Valuation Days) may be postponed until 
such Disruption Event has been resolved or is no longer continuing, or, where such Disruption Event 
continues for nine consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days, until the London and Paris Business Day 
immediately following the end of such nine consecutive Scheduled Valuation Day period.  
11 
What is the Value per ETP Security? 
The Value per ETP Security is an amount in the currency of the relevant Series of ETP Securities 
calculated in respect of each Scheduled Valuation Day (subject to any market disruptions) representing 
the theoretical value of an ETP Security (although such ETP Security may nevertheless trade in the open 
market at a different value). The Value per ETP Security is used to calculate the Redemption Amount of 
the ETP Securities, whether at maturity or upon an early redemption and is predominantly determined by 
the official closing level of the Index referenced by a particular Series of ETP Securities.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
The Value per ETP Security depends primarily on the performance of the Index to which the ETP Securities 
are linked. If the value of the Index rises, the Value per ETP Security should also rise. If the value of the 
Index falls, the Value per ETP Security should also fall. However, the Value per ETP Security is reduced 
by the deduction of fees and, if applicable, adjustments based on the occurrence of certain index, disruption 
or tax events (“Adjustments”). Depending on the performance of the Index, the deduction of any fees 
and/or any Adjustments may erode any gains made from rises, or exacerbate any losses incurred from 
falls, in the value of the Index. 
The following worked example shows how the Value per ETP Security is calculated. 
For example, assume that for a particular Series of ETP Securities, the Value per ETP Security starts at 
USD 100.0000 on 4 January 2022. If the value of the Index were to rise by 1% on 5 January 2022, the 
Value per ETP Security would rise by 1% minus the applicable fees and any Adjustments. If we assume 
that the fees are equal to 0.5000% per annum this would mean that the fees for that day are approximately 
0.0014% (to 4 decimal places). We assume the Adjustments amount to USD 0.5000. The Value per ETP 
Security would (not taking into account any Adjustments) have risen by 0.9986% (equal to 1% less 
0.0014% after taking into account fees) to 100.9986, but, due to the Adjustments of USD 0.5000, ultimately 
have risen to 100.4986 for such day.  
Conversely, if the value of the underlying Index were to fall by 1% on 5 January 2022, the Value per ETP 
Security would fall by 1% and the fees applicable to that day of 0.0014% (to 4 decimal places) would also 
be deducted. Again, let’s assume that the Adjustments for such day amount to USD 0.5000. The Value 
per ETP Security would (not taking into account any Adjustments) only have fallen by 1.0014% (being 1% 
plus the fees of 0.0014% applicable to that day) to 98.9986, but, due to the Adjustments of USD 0.5000, 
ultimately falls to 98.4986 for such day.  
12 
How do I obtain a return from investing in ETP Securities? 
The ETP Securities are non-interest bearing. No amounts are payable under the ETP Securities prior to 
their Scheduled Maturity Date unless they are subject to an early redemption. On the Scheduled Maturity 
Date, each ETP Security will become due and payable at an amount determined by reference to the Value 
per ETP Security. The return on a Series of ETP Securities is funded solely through a Swap Transaction 
entered into with the Swap Counterparty exclusively in respect of such series of ETP Securities. 
However, ETP Securities are long-dated securities (typically around 50 years from their initial issue date). 
This means that if an investor wants to realise its investment prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date it will 
need to sell its ETP Securities to a purchaser prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date. 
13 
How do I buy and sell ETP Securities? 
Investors can buy and sell ETP Securities in the same manner as they buy and sell other listed securities. 
Investors trading ETP Securities intraday are given a “bid price”, at which the investors can sell an ETP 
Security, and an “offer price” representing the pricing point at which investors can buy their ETP Securities 
in the market.  
The bid and offer prices for ETP Securities at any time are likely to be different to the Value per ETP 
Security. This is because the bid and offer prices reflect market liquidity and other market conditions at a 
particular time, whereas the Value per ETP Security is calculated based on the closing price of the Index. 
14 
What fees do I pay?  
There are potentially three fees that apply to a Series of ETP Securities. These are:  
 
an arranger fee; 
 
a swap spread fee; and

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
an index license fee. 
The rate per annum applicable for the swap spread fee and the index license fee may vary from time to 
time.  
The arranger fee, as specified in the Final Terms, represents the fees payable to the Arranger and the 
other service providers in connection with such Series of ETP Securities. 
The swap spread fee, as specified in the Final Terms, represents the fee payable by the Issuer to the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with such Series of ETP 
Securities. 
The index license fee, as specified in the Final Terms, represents the fees payable to the relevant Index 
Sponsor.  
The fees are charged on each Scheduled Valuation Day and factored in to the calculation of the Value per 
ETP Security for such day.  
15 
Can my ETP Securities redeem before the Scheduled Maturity Date?  
Yes. There are a number of instances where the ETP Securities might redeem prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. These are: 
 
if the Issuer exercises its call option; 
 
if the Swap Counterparty exercises its right to terminate the Swap Transaction; 
 
if the Swap Transaction expires in accordance with its terms without being renewed; and 
 
upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or other Early Redemption Event (see “What Events of 
Default and Early Redemption Events apply to the ETP Securities?” below).  
Where the ETP Securities redeem early the Early Redemption Amount per ETP Security will be calculated 
in the same manner as the calculation of the Final Redemption Amount described in “How do I obtain a 
return from investing in ETP Securities?”. 
16 
When can the Issuer exercise its call option? 
In respect of any Series of ETP Securities, the Issuer has the option, exercisable upon 60 calendar days’ 
notice, to elect to redeem all the ETP Securities of a Series early. 
17 
When can the Swap Counterparty elect to terminate the Swap Transaction? 
Under the Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty has the right, following the second anniversary of the 
Series Issue Date of a Series of ETP Securities and exercisable upon 180 calendar days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Issuer, to elect to terminate the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with such Series 
of ETP Securities. The Swap Counterparty shall not and is not required to consider the interests of 
Securityholders when exercising any such termination right.  
18 
When might the Swap Transaction expire prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date? 
The Swap Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP Securities may have a scheduled 
term that is less than the term of the ETP Securities. No later than 180 calendar days prior to the last day 
of the initial term or previously extended term of the Swap Transaction, as applicable, the Swap 
Counterparty will, pursuant to the terms of the Swap Agreement, elect either (i) to extend the term of the 
Swap Transaction for (A) an additional period equal to the length of the initial term of the Swap Transaction 
(unless the period remaining to the Scheduled Maturity Date of the relevant ETP Securities is less than 
the length of the initial term of the Swap Transaction, in which case for a period equal to the period 
remaining to the Scheduled Maturity Date) or (B) such other period as may be agreed between the Issuer

--- Page 51 ---
51 
and the Swap Counterparty or (ii) for the Swap Transaction to terminate when scheduled. The Swap 
Counterparty has no obligation to consider the interests of the Securityholders when deciding whether or 
not (or for how long) to extend the term of the Swap Transaction. If the Swap Counterparty does not elect 
to extend the term of the Swap Transaction, an Early Redemption Event will occur on the scheduled 
termination date of the Swap Transaction and each ETP Security of that Series of ETP Securities will 
become due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount on the relevant Early Redemption Date. 
19 
What Events of Default and Early Redemption Events apply to the ETP Securities? 
The ETP Securities of a Series may become due and payable prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date as 
further described in Conditions 8 (Redemption, Purchase and Options) and 14 (Events of Default) in 
connection with the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 
certain legal or regulatory changes occur in relation to the Issuer; 
 
the cancellation of the Index without any successor Index; 
 
the termination of the Swap Agreement or the Swap Transaction entered into thereunder in 
connection with such Series of ETP Securities, whether as a result of a default by one of the parties, 
for tax reasons, as a result of illegality or a force majeure event or for other reasons; 
 
the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Swap Collateral Custodian and/or all the Authorised Participants, 
as applicable, resign or their appointment in relation to such Series of ETP Securities is terminated 
for any reason and the Issuer gives notice that no successor or replacement has been appointed 
within 60 (or, in the case of the Swap Collateral Custodian, 90) calendar days; 
 
the Value per ETP Security for such Series is not published for 14 consecutive days on which it is 
scheduled to be published; 
 
the Value per ETP Security is less than or equal to 200 per cent. of the Minimum Redemption 
Amount for such Series of ETP Securities for five consecutive Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation 
Days; 
 
a Securityholder does not, upon request, receive a firm bid price from an Authorised Participant for 
five consecutive Relevant Business Days and, following the requisite notices being given, such 
Securityholder does not receive a firm bid price for the relevant ETP Securities during a further 20 
consecutive Relevant Business Days;  
 
the Security constituted by the Security Deed becomes enforceable; or 
 
an Event of Default occurs under the ETP Securities. These include certain breaches by the Issuer 
of its obligations that are not cured within the applicable cure period and certain insolvency events 
with respect to the Issuer. 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event or an Event of Default under the Conditions of the 
relevant Series of ETP Securities, such Series of ETP Securities will become due and payable at the Early 
Redemption Amount per ETP Security. 
20 
What are Disruption Events and why do they matter?  
Under any Swap Transaction, a Disruption Event Notice may be given by the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer where (i) the Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Closing Index Level of the Index, 
(ii) the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index, (iii) there has been a material suspension of or 
material limitation imposed by relevant exchanges or quotation systems or otherwise on trading in 
securities comprising 20 per cent. or more of the Index or futures or options contracts relating to the Index, 
(iv) any other event relating to the relevant trading facility occurs that materially disrupts or impacts the 
trading in or the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values

--- Page 52 ---
52 
for, securities comprising 20 per cent. of the Index or futures or options contracts relating to the Index, (v) 
the relevant trading facility in respect of securities comprising 20 per cent. of the Index is closed early 
and/or (vi) the relevant exchange or quotation system fails to open for trading on a scheduled trading day 
for such exchange or quotation system. 
If, pursuant to the terms of any Swap Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP Securities 
under the Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty gives a Disruption Event Notice in respect of a 
Scheduled Valuation Day, the Swap Calculation Agent may, but is not obliged to, determine and notify to 
the Issuer on the immediately following London and Paris Business Day a Closing Index Level in respect 
of such Series of ETP Securities and Scheduled Valuation Day in accordance with the provisions of the 
Swap Agreement in order to enable the Issuer to determine and publish the corresponding Value per ETP 
Security. If, however, the Swap Calculation Agent does not so determine and notify to the Issuer a Closing 
Index Level by the immediately following London and Paris Business Day, determination of the Closing 
Index Level for such Series of ETP Securities and Scheduled Valuation Day (and each subsequent 
Disrupted Day) will be postponed until such Disruption Event has been resolved or is no longer continuing, 
or, where such Disruption Event continues for nine consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days, until the 
London and Paris Business Day immediately following the end of such nine consecutive Scheduled 
Valuation Day period. Determination and publication of the Value per ETP Security for such Scheduled 
Valuation Day (and each such subsequent Disrupted Day) shall also be postponed accordingly. 
If the Closing Index Level in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day is not determined and published on the 
immediately following London and Paris Business Day, no further issuances or purchases by the Issuer of 
ETP Securities may be requested by an Authorised Participant on such London and Paris Business Day. 
If a further issuance or purchase by the Issuer of ETP Securities is traded on a particular day but a 
Disruption Event is subsequently deemed to have occurred in respect of such day and no Value per ETP 
Security for such day is determined and published on the immediately following London and Paris Business 
Day, the scheduled settlement date for such further issuance or purchase will be postponed until such 
Disruption Event has been resolved or is no longer continuing. 
The delivery of a Disruption Event Notice by the Swap Counterparty and the determinations of the Swap 
Calculation Agent under the relevant Swap Transaction (including, without limitation, the calculation of the 
Closing Index Level) may have an adverse effect on the Value per ETP Security. 
21 
What is an Adjustment Event? 
The Swap Counterparty may, on any Scheduled Valuation Day, determine that an Adjustment Event in 
respect of a Swap Transaction relating to a Series of ETP Securities has occurred or exists and deliver an 
Adjustment Event Notice in connection therewith. The Adjustment Events are (i) the Index Sponsor 
cancelling the Index and a Successor Index being identified and (ii) the Index Sponsor announcing that it 
will make a material change in the formula for, or the method of, calculating the Index or in any other way 
materially modifying the Index. 
If an Adjustment Event Notice is delivered in respect of a Series of ETP Securities and the Swap 
Transaction entered into in connection with such Series of ETP Securities, the Swap Calculation Agent 
may determine in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that one or more adjustments to 
the terms of such Swap Transaction and/or the Conditions of such Series of ETP Securities is appropriate 
to account for the economic effect of the relevant Adjustment Event on such Swap Transaction and such 
Series of ETP Securities. If the Swap Calculation Agent makes such a determination, it will determine the 
adjustment(s) to be made to the terms of such Swap Transaction and/or the Conditions of such Series of 
ETP Securities in connection therewith and the effective date of such adjustment(s). There can be no 
assurance that any such adjustment(s) made to such Swap Transaction and/or the Conditions of such 
Series of ETP Securities to account for the economic effect of an Adjustment Event will not have an 
adverse effect on the Value per ETP Security of such Series of ETP Securities.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
22 
How much of your investment is at risk?  
All of your investment in respect of a Series of ETP Securities is at risk if the relevant Index performs poorly 
(subject to a Minimum Redemption Amount per ETP Security) as this will reduce the amount payable by 
the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer upon a termination of the Swap Transaction entered into in connection 
with such Series of ETP Securities. Whilst a “Value per ETP Security” is calculated and ascribed to the 
ETP Securities of each Series in respect of each Scheduled Valuation Day, the return on a Series of ETP 
Securities at redemption is funded solely through a Swap Transaction entered into with the Swap 
Counterparty exclusively in respect of such series of ETP Securities. Therefore the poorer the performance 
of the Index and the Value per ETP Security for a Series of ETP Securities, the greater the risk to your 
investment.   
23 
Who is the "holder” of ETP Securities? 
If the ETP Securities are held through a clearing system (which will usually be the case if so specified in 
the Final Terms), the legal “holder” will be the entity nominated by the clearing system as the depositary 
for the ETP Securities. As an investor, your rights in relation to the ETP Securities will be governed by the 
contract you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold your interest in the 
ETP Securities and the contracts they have with the clearing system and any intermediaries in between. 
Accordingly, where this Base Prospectus describes a right as being owed to, or exercisable by, a 
Securityholder then your ability to benefit from or exercise such right will be dependent on the terms of the 
contracts in such chain. 
24 
What rights do Securityholders have against the Issuer? 
Securityholders’ rights include the right to any payments or deliveries payable to holders of ETP Securities 
in accordance with the Conditions. Securityholders may also have the right to make certain determinations 
or decisions (which may sometimes be required to be by a resolution of Securityholders or which may 
simply require a direction in writing by a specified percentage of Securityholders) and the Issuer may only 
take certain actions with respect to the ETP Securities if approved by Securityholders. Securityholders 
should note that, notwithstanding they may be owed payments under the ETP Securities, their rights of 
direct action against the Issuer are limited as the right to take such action is generally vested in the Trustee 
(see ”Who can enforce your rights against the Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a payment on the 
ETP Securities?” below). 
25 
What are the requirements for exercising Securityholders’ rights in respect of the ETP Securities?  
The Conditions specify the requirements for exercising each right in respect of the ETP Securities, 
including the person (if any) that is entitled to enforce such right on behalf of the Securityholders and the 
required percentage of Securityholders (if any) that may direct such person to enforce such right. 
For example, the Conditions specify that Securityholders may only exercise any rights in respect of the 
Security (including: (i) directing the Security Trustee to enforce the Security at any time after the Security 
has become enforceable; (ii) directing the Security Trustee to consent to any amendment to the Security 
Deed; and (iii) removing the Security Trustee) by passing a Securityholders’ Resolution. A Securityholders’ 
Resolution requires the consent of a majority of at least 75 per cent. in principal amount of the ETP 
Securities in respect of all Series of ETP Securities outstanding (excluding any ETP Securities in respect 
of which all claims of the Secured Creditors arising in respect of such ETP Securities and the Transaction 
Agreements in respect of such ETP Securities have been satisfied in full). Accordingly, where 
Securityholders hold less than 75 per cent. in principal amount of all ETP Securities outstanding under the 
Programme, they may be unable to exercise any rights in respect of the Security and/or may incur costs 
and delays in seeking to exercise such rights.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
26 
How do you exercise a right to vote or enforce your rights in respect of the ETP Securities? 
If the ETP Securities are held through a clearing system then, as rights under the ETP Securities can only 
be exercised by the legal holders (see ”Who is the “holder” of ETP Securities?” above), you must contact 
the custodian, broker or other entity through which you hold your interest in the ETP Securities if you wish 
for any vote to be cast or direction to be given on your behalf. 
27 
Who can enforce your rights against the Issuer if the Issuer has failed to make a payment on the 
ETP Securities? 
The Issuer has executed a Trust Deed in respect of the ETP Securities, under which it has covenanted to 
the Trustee that it will make the relevant payments due on the ETP Securities. The Trustee holds the 
benefit of this covenant for Securityholders. If the Issuer fails to make a payment or delivery when due, 
only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights of the 
Securityholders, unless the Trustee fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time after having become 
bound to do so and such failure is continuing. 
28 
Who makes calculations in respect of the ETP Securities? 
The Issuer will calculate (or procure the calculation of) the Value per ETP Security, Final Redemption 
Amount and Early Redemption Amount in respect of the ETP Securities. 
29 
Who makes calculations in respect of the Index? 
The sponsor of an Index is responsible for the composition, calculation and maintenance of that Index. 
The Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the other Transaction Parties will use the official closing 
level of the relevant Index published by the relevant Index Sponsor (or where there has been a Disruption 
Event, such closing index level as determined by the Swap Calculation Agent) when making certain 
calculations and determinations subject to and in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant 
Transaction Documents relating to the relevant Series of ETP Securities.  
30 
Are there any fees, expenses or taxes to pay when purchasing, holding or selling ETP Securities? 
What other taxes might affect the ETP Securities? 
You may incur fees and expenses in relation to the purchase, holding, transfer and sale of ETP Securities. 
You should also be aware that stamp duties or taxes may have to be paid in accordance with the laws and 
practices of the country where the ETP Securities are transferred.  
You should note that, if the Issuer or any agent is required by applicable law to apply any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature, it will 
account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be withheld or deducted and only pay the 
net amount after application of such withholding or deduction. None of the Issuer nor any agent will be 
obliged to make any additional payments to you in respect of such withholding or deduction.  
You should consult your selling agent for details of fees, expenses, commissions or other costs and your 
own tax advisors in order to understand fully the tax implications specific to investment in any ETP 
Securities. 
31 
Can the Issuer amend the Conditions of ETP Securities once they have been issued without your 
consent? 
The Issuer may amend the Conditions of a Series of ETP Securities without the consent of the 
Securityholders only if made pursuant to an Adjustment Event or if the Trustee determines that the relevant 
amendment is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed. 
Any such determination shall be binding on the Securityholders.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
32 
Are ETP Securities contracts for differences? 
ETP Securities may constitute contracts for differences and investors should consider consulting their 
professional advisers on the implications of that for them. 
33 
How will the Authorised Participant determine its purchase or sale price of ETP Securities in the 
secondary market? 
The price (if any) provided by an Authorised Participant for the purchase or sale of ETP Securities in the 
secondary market (whether in an on-exchange or off-exchange transaction) will be determined at the 
absolute discretion of that Authorised Participant by reference to such factors as it sees fit. The Authorised 
Participant(s) may maintain such bid/offer spread as it determines in its absolute discretion. The bid/offer 
spread is the difference between the bid price (i.e. the price at which a holder can sell ETP Securities to 
the Authorised Participant) and the offer price (i.e. the price at which a holder (or prospective holder) can 
buy ETP Securities from the Authorised Participant). Any price provided by an Authorised Participant or 
other secondary market price may take into account fees, charges, duties, taxes, commissions and/or 
other factors. Any price given by an Authorised Participant will be quoted as of a particular date and time 
and will not therefore reflect any subsequent changes in the market price of the ETP Securities and/or any 
other factors relevant to the determination of the price. 
34 
Can ETP Securities be invested in by a UCITS? 
Prospective investors comprising a scheme which is an undertaking for collective investment in 
transferable securities (or UCITS) subject to the UCITS Directive need to satisfy themselves that an 
investment in the ETP Securities would comply with any regulations and/or guidelines applicable to them 
pursuant to the UCITS Directive and any laws, regulations or guidelines of their jurisdiction of incorporation 
and would be in line with their individual investment objectives. 
35 
When can Posted Collateral be substituted? 
Any collateral to be posted to the Swap Collateral Accounts must meet certain eligibility criteria, as set out 
in the Account Control Agreement. A summary of the Account Control Agreement is found in the section 
below entitled “Further Information Concerning Certain Transaction Documents” which includes a 
summary of the eligibility criteria. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Account Control Agreement, the Swap Counterparty may elect to substitute 
some or all of the Posted Collateral with other Eligible Collateral at any time prior to an enforcement of the 
security constituted by the Swap Pledge Agreement. The Posted Collateral may only comprise Eligible 
Collateral and any collateral posted to the Swap Collateral Accounts that does not meet the eligibility 
criteria shall not form part of the Swap Collateral Custodian’s calculations in determining whether there is 
a margin excess or margin deficit on such day. See Condition 11(d) (Substitution of Posted Collateral) for 
a description of the circumstances in which Posted Collateral may be substituted. 
36 
Do holders of ETP Securities own the Posted Collateral? 
 
Investing in the ETP Securities will not make an investor the owner of any Eligible Collateral comprising 
the Posted Collateral. Any amounts payable on the ETP Securities will be made in cash and the holders 
of the ETP Securities will have no right to receive delivery of any Eligible Collateral comprising the Posted 
Collateral at any time. 
37 
Do holders of ETP Securities have any ownership rights in respect of the Index?  
 
Under the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with a Series the ETP Securities, the Issuer will 
have a contractual relationship with only the Swap Counterparty. Such Swap Transaction will not constitute 
a purchase or other acquisition of any interest in any asset(s) comprising the Index. The Issuer and the 
Security Trustee, therefore, will have rights solely against the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the 
Swap Agreement and will have no recourse to any asset(s) comprising the Index. No Securityholder nor

--- Page 56 ---
56 
the Issuer nor the Security Trustee will have any rights under the Swap Transaction to acquire any interest 
in any asset(s) comprising the Index. 
38 
Why do the leveraged Indices provide a daily exposure?  
Leveraged Indices may be long or short the performance of the underlying asset(s) referenced by such 
Indices, for example minus two times (-2x) or two times (2x) the change in the value of the underlying 
asset(s). The value of the underlying asset(s) to which the minus two times (-2x) or two times (2x) exposure 
is applied will be reset on a daily basis. An investor who buys an ETP Security which tracks an Index on a 
particular day would receive minus two times (-2x) or two times (2x) exposure to the value of the underlying 
asset(s) on that day (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or any Adjustments). It is possible to 
construct indices which provide short or leveraged exposure to underlying indices measured over different 
time periods, for instance an index which provides exposure to minus two times (-2x) or two times (2x) the 
weekly or monthly change in the value of the underlying asset(s). However, in practice, these can provide 
the investor with an exposure level other than minus two times (-2x) or two times (2x). For example, if an 
investor purchased an ETP Security which tracked an index that provided two times (2x) leveraged 
exposure to the value of the underlying asset(s) on a weekly basis then unless the investor purchased 
such ETP Security on the day of the week on which the index was reset then they would likely receive an 
exposure level to the value of the underlying asset(s) other than two times (2x). 
The advantage of investing in Indices that provide a daily exposure is that on any day the Value of the ETP 
Securities that track such Indices will (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or any Adjustments) 
change by minus two times (-2x) or two times (2x) the variation in value of the underlying asset(s) on that 
day. There are compounding risks associated with daily exposure (as described under “What are the risks 
associated with holding a short and/or leveraged ETP Security for periods greater than one day?” below) 
which would likely be reduced by investing in short and/or leveraged indices that are reset on a less 
frequent basis. Simulated examples are included in the “Economic Overview of ETP Securities” section of 
this Base Prospectus. 
39 
Can the level of an Index fall to zero?  
It is possible that the value of the underlying asset(s) could rise or fall in value by more than 50 per cent. 
in a given day. If this happened then there is a risk that, in the case of a rise by more than 50 per cent., an 
Index that provides minus two times (-2x) daily exposure to the return of such underlying asset(s) could 
fall to zero and, in the case of a fall, that an Index that provides two times (2x) daily exposure to the return 
of such underlying asset(s) could likewise fall to zero. To protect against these risks, each Index provides 
for an intra-day trigger which is intended to act as a stop-loss to restrict (to a certain extent) the loss in 
value of an Index during periods of extreme market movement by providing a new base level for 
determining the movement in the value of the underlying asset(s). The effect of an intra-day reset is that 
an Index will for the remainder of that day provide minus two times (-2x) or two times (2x) exposure (as 
the case may be) to the movement in the value of such underlying asset(s) measured from the time the 
intra-day reset took place (or thereabouts).  
40 
What are the risks associated with holding a short and/or Leveraged ETP Security for periods 
greater than one day?  
Leveraged Indices may be long or short the performance of underlying asset(s), for example minus two 
times (-2x) or two times (2x) the change in such underlying asset(s) (excluding the effects of any applicable 
fees and/or any Adjustments). Over periods of greater than one day, the Indices may not match precisely 
minus two times (-2x) or two times (2x) the change in the value of the underlying asset(s) over such longer 
period and it is possible that they “outperform” or “underperform” minus two times (-2x) or two times (2x), 
respectively, the change in the value of the underlying asset(s). This is because, as described above, the 
Indices reset on a daily basis meaning that the performance of an Index over a period of greater than one 
day will not be equal to minus two times (-2x) or two times (2x) the return of the underlying asset(s) over

--- Page 57 ---
57 
such longer period (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or any Adjustments). This 
compounding effect is described in more detail in the “Economic Overview of ETP Securities” section of 
this Base Prospectus and will generally cause “outperformance” of a short Index versus minus two times 
(-2x) the performance of the underlying asset(s) in a low volatility, smooth down-trending market and 
“outperformance” of a leveraged Index versus two times (2x) the performance of the underlying asset(s) in 
a low volatility, smooth up-trending market. The reverse is also true, with compounding potentially having 
a large negative impact on the performance of a short Index or a leveraged Index versus minus two times 
(-2x) or two times (2x) the daily percentage change in the value of the underlying asset(s) in high volatility 
markets. Simulated examples are included in the “Economic Overview of ETP Securities” section of this 
Base Prospectus. 
ETP Securities which track such Indices are only suitable for persons who understand the economic risk 
of investing in a security which provides daily leverage and the impact that price volatility may have on 
their investment and who are willing to monitor their investment on a frequent basis.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW OF THE ETP SECURITIES 
Overview of the ETP Securities  
The Issuer may from time to time issue collateralised ETP Securities under the Programme, linked to 
Indices providing exposure to a range of asset classes on the terms set out in the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed "Master Terms and Conditions of the ETP Securities", as read in conjunction with the 
Final Terms relating to such ETP Securities.  
The return on a Series of ETP Securities will be funded by a Swap Transaction entered into with the Swap 
Counterparty linked to the daily performance of the Index referenced by such Series of ETP Securities and 
Swap Transaction, with the Redemption Amount of such ETP Securities funded by the termination amount 
of the Swap Transaction payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (which amount shall be derived 
from the Closing Index Level of such Index on the relevant Scheduled Valuation Day). Therefore, whilst a 
“Value per ETP Security” is calculated and ascribed to the ETP Securities of each Series in respect of 
each Scheduled Valuation Day, the return on a Series of ETP Securities at redemption is entirely 
dependant on amounts received by the Issuer under the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with 
such Series of ETP Securities. As the termination amount of the Swap Transaction is linked to the 
performance of the Index, the poorer the performance of the Index (and therefore the lower the Value per 
ETP Security) for a Series of ETP Securities, the lower the returns will be for such Series of ETP Securities. 
Leveraged and unleveraged exposure  
The Index referenced by the ETP Securities may be long or short the performance of the relevant 
underlying asset(s) referenced by the Index. Such performance of the underlying asset(s) may also be 
leveraged by a factor contained within the Index (the “Index Leverage Factor”).  
The Index Leverage Factor will typically be any of +3, +2, -1 or -2, -3 as shall be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. ETP Securities which have:  
(i) 
a positive Index Leverage Factor will provide long exposure to the daily performance of the relevant 
underlying asset(s) ("Long ETP Securities"). This means that the Value per ETP Security of such 
ETP Securities will increase if the Closing Index Level of the Index increases in respect of a 
Scheduled Valuation Day, and will decrease if the Closing Index Level of the Index falls in respect 
of such Scheduled Valuation Day (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or any 
Adjustments); or  
(ii) 
a negative Index Leverage Factor will provide short exposure to the daily performance of the 
relevant underlying asset(s) (such ETP Securities, "Short ETP Securities"). This means that the 
Value per ETP Security of Short ETP Securities will decrease if the Closing Index Level of the Index 
increases in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, and will increase if the Closing Index Level of 
the Index falls in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day (excluding the effects of any applicable 
fees and/or any Adjustments).  
Daily return and simulated examples  
Each Leveraged ETP Security is "daily leveraged" in that on any given day, the change in its Value per 
ETP Security (excluding the effects of any applicable fees and/or any Adjustments) will be a multiple (e.g. 
2x in the case of Long ETP Securities or -2x in the case of Short ETP Securities) of the performance of 
the relevant underlying asset(s) on that day. The Leveraged ETP Securities track a multiple (e.g. -3x, -2x, 
-1, or +2x, +3x) of the underlying asset(s)’s return for a single day only, as measured from the closing level 
on that day to the closing level on the immediately following day, and not for any other period. The return 
on Leveraged ETP Securities for a period longer than one day is the result of its return for each day 
compounded over all days in that period.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
The simulated returns included in the charts set out below are included as examples of possible 
eventualities to demonstrate the relationship between the Value per ETP Security (excluding the 
effects of any applicable fees and/or any Adjustments, and assuming no Disruption Event and no 
Adjustment Events) and the performance of the relevant underlying asset(s).  
The charts below illustrate, for a simulated class of Short ETP Securities with Index Leverage Factor -2x 
and a simulated class of Long ETP Securities with Index Leverage Factor 2x, which reference hypothetical 
daily returns for the same underlying asset(s): (i) how daily returns are calculated in respect of each 
Scheduled Valuation Day (Chart 1) and (ii) how the Value per ETP Security can develop over periods of 
more than one Scheduled Valuation Day (Chart 2). 
Chart 1 
 
Chart 2 
 
 
Chart 3 shows how the Reference Index Apple Total Return Index performed between February 2017 and 
January 2022. It also shows the performance of a simulated Short ETP Security referencing two times 
-10%
4%
-6%
5%
-2%
3%
10%
-4%
6%
-15%
-10%
-5%
0%
5%
10%
15%
Day 1
Day 2
Day 3
Short ETP Security (-2x)
Underlying asset
Long ETP Security (+2x)
Daily Return of Simulated ETP Securities
$90.00
$93.60
$87.98
$105.00
$102.90
$105.99
$100.00
$110.00
$105.60
$111.94
$80
$85
$90
$95
$100
$105
$110
$115
Day 1 starting
value
Day 1 ending
value
Day 2 ending
value
Day 3 ending
value
Short ETP Security (-2x)
Underlying asset
Long ETP Security (+2x)
Value of Simulated ETP Securities

--- Page 60 ---
60 
short (x-2) the performance of the underlying asset(s) and a simulated Long ETP Security referencing two 
times long (x2) the performance of such underlying asset(s) over the same period (which for comparison 
purposes all exclude the effects of applicable fees and/or any Adjustments). 
Chart 3 
 
 
As a consequence of the leveraged returns over periods longer than one day (excluding the effects of any 
applicable fees and/or any Adjustments):  
(a) 
the return of such Leveraged ETP Securities will likely differ from the product of the return of the 
underlying asset(s) and the Index Leverage Factor;  
(b) 
a Leveraged ETP Security will lose value if the performance of the relevant underlying asset(s) is 
flat (i.e. has a zero or close to zero return);  
(c) 
it is possible for a Leveraged ETP Security with long (or short) exposure to the relevant underlying 
asset(s) to lose value even if the relevant underlying asset(s)’s return is positive (negative); and  
(d) 
the risks in (a) to (c) will be magnified for longer holding periods, higher volatility in the value of the 
underlying asset(s) and higher leverage.  
The examples below (which for comparison exclude the effects of any applicable fees and/or any 
Adjustments) illustrate how simulated Leveraged ETP Securities, which track hypothetical daily returns of 
underlying asset(s), can behave over periods longer than one day. Each example shows simulated 
Leveraged ETP Securities with Index Leverage Factors of -2x and +2x tracking the same hypothetical 
underlying asset(s). In each example, the return on the ETP Securities for each day is equal to the product 
of the return of the underlying asset(s) for that day and the relevant Index Leverage Factor.  
Examples of the return of such Leveraged ETP Securities differing from the product of the return 
of the underlying asset(s) and the Index Leverage Factor  
Example (a.1) below shows a hypothetical scenario of a sideways trending market. The bottom two rows 
in the table show: (i) the cumulative return of the simulated Leveraged ETP Securities and the hypothetical 
underlying asset(s) measured over a five-day period; and (ii) the cumulative return of the underlying 
asset(s) over that five-day period multiplied by the Index Leverage Factor of each such Leveraged ETP 
Security (the "Reference Leveraged Return").

--- Page 61 ---
61 
Although the simulated daily return on the ETP Securities for each of the five days is equal to the product 
of the return of the underlying asset(s) for that day and the applicable Index Leverage Factor, over the 
entire five-day period the cumulative return of each simulated Leveraged ETP Security is different to the 
Reference Leveraged Return. Due to the nature of compounded daily leveraged returns over more than 
one day, this result is typical of a flat or sideways trending market. 
Example (a.1) 
 
Example (a.2) below shows a hypothetical scenario in which the market is trending in one direction (in this 
case upwards). The five-day cumulative return of the simulated Leveraged ETP Securities "outperforms" 
the five-day return of the Reference Leveraged Return. This is seen where: (i) the simulated Short ETP 
Securities have higher (less negative) returns than the relevant Reference Leveraged Return and (ii) the 
simulated Long ETP Securities have higher (more positive) returns than the relevant Reference Leveraged 
Return. 
Example (a.2) 
 
Example of a Leveraged ETP Security losing value if the performance of the relevant underlying 
asset(s) is flat (i.e. has a zero or close to zero return)  
Example (b) below demonstrates a hypothetical scenario in which the cumulative return of the underlying 
asset(s) over a period longer than one day is flat (i.e. zero or close to zero). The simulated Leveraged ETP 
Securities all exhibit negative cumulative returns over the period.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Example (b) 
 
Example of a Leveraged ETP Security with long (or short) exposure to the relevant underlying 
asset(s) losing value even if the return of the relevant underlying asset(s) is positive (negative) 
Example (c) below demonstrates a hypothetical scenario in which the cumulative return of the underlying 
asset(s) over a period longer than one day is positive, but the simulated Long ETP Securities exhibit a 
negative return. 
Example (c) 
 
Examples of risks being magnified by longer holding periods, higher volatility in the value of the 
underlying asset(s) and higher leverage  
The effect of increasing volatility  
The charts below show the performance of simulated Leveraged ETP Securities with Index Leverage 
Factors of +2x (chart d.1) and -2x (chart d.2) over one year for a number of combinations of underlying 
asset(s) returns (vertical axis) and volatility (horizontal axis). They illustrate that for holding periods longer 
than one day (in this case one year), the return of Leveraged ETP Securities decreases as the volatility in 
the value of the underlying asset(s) increases (looking left to right), for a specified underlying asset(s) 
return. The shaded areas indicate combinations where Leveraged ETP Securities can be expected to 
return less than the Reference Leveraged Return over the one year holding period.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Example (d.1) 
 
Example (d.2) 
 
The simulation in the charts above assumes a randomly determined daily underlying asset(s) return ending 
with the specified cumulative underlying asset(s) return over one year. For ease of illustration, the returns 
of the simulated +2x and -2x Leveraged ETP Securities are calculated excluding the effects of any 
applicable fees and/or any Adjustments.  
The effect of longer holding periods  
The charts below show the performance of underlying asset(s) with an annualised volatility of 25% (which 
is approximately the average volatility of Apple Inc. over the past 2 years) and simulated Leveraged ETP 
Securities with Index Leverage Factors of 2x (chart d.3) and -2x (chart d.4). For each holding period 
(horizontal axis) and each cumulative return of the underlying asset(s) over such holding period (vertical 
axis), the charts show the cumulative return of a simulated Leveraged ETP Security versus the Reference 
Leveraged Return over that period. The charts below illustrate that, for the same underlying asset(s) return, 
the cumulative return of Leveraged ETP Securities decreases as the holding period increases (looking left

--- Page 64 ---
64 
to right). The shaded areas indicate combinations where the relevant simulated Leveraged ETP Security 
can be expected to return less than the Reference Leveraged Return over the holding period. 
Example (d.3)  
 
Example (d.4) 
 
The simulation in the charts assumes a randomly determined daily return of the underlying asset(s) ending 
with the indicated cumulative return over the specified holding period. For ease of illustration, the returns 
of the simulated +2x and -2x Leveraged ETP Securities are calculated excluding the effects of any 
applicable fees and/or any Adjustments. 
 
 
 
Cumulative 
Return of 
Underlying 
Asset 
Benchmark 
Leveraged Return 
(Return of 
Underlying Asset 
Multiplied by -2) 
Simulated Returns of ETP with Index 
Leverage Factor -2x 
  
Length of Holding Period at 25% Volatility 
3 Months  
 6 
Months  
 1 Year  
 2 Years   3 Years  
-50% 
100% 
274.6% 
261.1% 
230.7% 
174.9% 
127.2% 
-40% 
80% 
162.3% 
152.5% 
130.2% 
91.1% 
58.2% 
-30% 
60% 
94.2% 
85.5% 
69.2% 
40.3% 
16.2% 
-20% 
40% 
48.9% 
42.3% 
29.7% 
7.4% 
-10.7% 
-10% 
20% 
17.9% 
12.5% 
2.4% 
-14.9% 
-29.6% 
0% 
0% 
-4.5% 
-8.9% 
-17.2% 
-31.4% 
-42.8% 
10% 
-20% 
-21.2% 
-24.8% 
-31.5% 
-43.2% 
-52.8% 
20% 
-40% 
-33.7% 
-36.8% 
-42.5% 
-52.3% 
-60.4% 
30% 
-60% 
-43.7% 
-46.2% 
-51.0% 
-59.4% 
-66.3% 
40% 
-80% 
-51.6% 
-53.6% 
-57.8% 
-65.0% 
-70.9% 
50% 
-100% 
-57.9% 
-59.7% 
-63.2% 
-69.5% 
-74.7%

--- Page 65 ---
65 
DESCRIPTION OF THE INDICES 
The ETP Securities are index linked securities. The return on a Series of ETP Securities is funded solely 
through a Swap Transaction entered into with the Swap Counterparty exclusively in respect of such Series 
of ETP Securities. The amount that would be payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the 
Swap Transaction upon a termination of the Swap Transaction as of any given day is linked to the 
performance of an Index. Because the Issuer obtains its exposure to the Index through a Swap Transaction 
rather than by investing directly in the Index itself, these types of ETP Securities are known as indirect 
replication exchange traded indices. This is because the Issuer obtains its exposure indirectly via the Swap 
Transaction. 
Prospective investors should therefore note that the return on the ETP Securities is linked to the 
performance of the Index specified in the relevant Final Terms, as may be replaced, substituted or 
otherwise adjusted from time to time in accordance with the Conditions. 
Indices 
Purchasers of ETP Securities should conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the 
Indices, the relevant Index Sponsor and all other parties connected to the Indices from time to time as they 
deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the ETP Securities.  
The complete set of rules of an Index and information on the performance of an Index are freely accessible 
on the Issuer’s website at https://graniteshares.com/europe/etps. The governing rules (including 
methodology of an Index for the selection and the re-balancing of the components of an Index, description 
of market disruption events and adjustment rules) are based on predetermined and objective criteria. 
Each Index replicates the performance of a hypothetical investment in underlying asset(s) taking into 
account interest and borrow rates and according to a specific level of leverage.  
An Index may be long or short the performance of the relevant underlying asset(s) referenced by such 
Index. Such performance of the underlying asset(s) will also be leveraged by the Index Leverage Factor. 
The Index Leverage Factor will be any of +3. +2. -1, -2 or -3. 
An Index providing a long exposure to the daily performance of the underlying asset(s) referenced by such 
Index (a “Long Index”) will also have a positive Index Leverage Factor, providing leveraged long exposure 
to the daily performance of such underlying asset(s). A Long Index aims to provide a long exposure to the 
prices of underlying asset(s) referenced by it, meaning that a rise in the prices of such underlying asset(s) 
should be reflected by an increase in the level of the Long Index. The level of a Long Index will include 
adjustments to reflect certain inherent costs of maintaining such leveraged long position, including the cost 
of borrowing additional cash to invest in the relevant underlying asset(s). The cost of borrowing comprises 
the relevant overnight interest rate plus a funding term spread.  
An Index providing a short exposure to the daily performance of the underlying asset(s) referenced by such 
Index (a “Short Index”) will also have a negative Index Leverage Factor, providing leveraged short 
exposure to the daily performance of such underlying asset(s). A Short Index aims to provide a short 
exposure to the prices of underlying asset(s) referenced by it, meaning that a rise in the prices of such 
underlying asset(s) should be reflected by a decrease in the level of the Short Index. The level of a Short 
Index will include adjustments to reflect certain inherent costs of maintaining such leveraged short position, 
including the cost of stock borrowing to maintain a short exposure in the relevant underlying asset(s) and 
the revenue earned due to the overnight interest rate being received on any cash, collateral and short sale 
proceeds.  
A short description of each Index (including the relevant underlying asset(s) and Index Leverage Factor) 
that may be referenced by a Series of ETP Securities is set out below.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
All of the Indices disclosed below are net total return indices, with the level of each Index calculated on the 
basis that any ordinary gross dividends declared by the issuer of the underlying asset(s) minus any 
applicable withholding tax (as set out and referenced by the relevant rules of the Index) are reinvested in 
the relevant Index. 
 
 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short 10X Genomics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
10X Genomics Inc 
10X Genomics, Inc. operates as a life science and 
diagnostics company. The company develops 
software for analyzing biological systems such as 
genetic and immune cells. 10X Genomics serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short 10X Genomics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short 10X Genomics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long 10X Genomics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long 10X Genomics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short 2U Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
2U Inc 
2U, Inc. provides online educational services. The 
company offers graduate and undergraduate 
degree programs in social work, data science, 
public administration, healthcare, law, and 
industrial relations. 2U serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short 2U Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short 2U Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long 2U Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long 2U Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short 3D Systems Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
3D Systems Corp 
3D Systems Corporation provides comprehensive 
3D products and services. The company develops, 
manufactures, and markets 3D printers, print 
materials, software, haptic devices, scanners, and 
virtual surgical simulators. 3D Systems operates 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short 3D Systems Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short 3D Systems Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long 3D Systems Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long 3D Systems Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short 3i Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
3i Group PLC 
3i Group plc is an international investor focused 
on private equity, infrastructure, and debt 
management. The company's investments are 
located across multiple continents through local 
investment teams in Europe, Asia, and North 
America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short 3i Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short 3i Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long 3i Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long 3i Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short 3M Co Index 
-1 
Short 
3M Co 
3M Company conducts operations in electronics, 
telecommunications, industrial, consumer and 
office, health care, safety, and other markets. The 
company businesses share technologies, 
manufacturing operations, marketing channels, 
and other resources. 3M serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short 3M Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short 3M Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long 3M Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long 3M Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short 8x8 Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
8x8 Inc 
8x8, Inc. provides voice-over-Internet protocol 
creation platforms, hosted Internet PBX solutions, 
voice and video semiconductors, and related 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short 8x8 Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short 8x8 Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
software. The company offers service providers 
the tools to create next-generation Internet 
protocol network services, while providing 
telecommunications manufacturers with 
embedded technology, software stacks, and 
reference designs. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long 8x8 Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long 8x8 Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short 908 Devices Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
908 Devices Inc 
908 Devices Inc. manufactures medical devices. 
The company designs and develops analytical 
devices for chemical and biomolecular analysis. 
908 Devices serves life science and field forensic 
markets in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short 908 Devices Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short 908 Devices Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long 908 Devices Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long 908 Devices Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short A O Smith Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
A O Smith Corp 
A.O. Smith Corporation manufactures residential 
and commercial water heating and water 
treatment equipment. The company distributes its 
products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short A O Smith Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short A O Smith Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long A O Smith Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long A O Smith Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short A10 Networks Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
A10 Networks Inc 
A10 Networks Inc. provides computer networking 
products and security solutions. The company 
offers controller, firewall, hardware appliances, 
protection systems, and other networking 
products. A10 Networks serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short A10 Networks Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short A10 Networks Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long A10 Networks Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long A10 Networks Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short A2A SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
A2A SpA 
A2A S.p.A. is an Italian utility company. The 
company is active in electricity (production, 
distribution, trading and sales), gas (supply, 
distribution, trading and sales), district heating, 
waste (collection, treatment and disposal), 
integrated water cycle, public lighting and other 
activities. A2A S.p.A  has a strong presence in the 
North of Italy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short A2A SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short A2A SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long A2A SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long A2A SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AAK AB Index 
-1 
Short 
AAK AB 
AAK AB, manufactures and sells specialty 
vegetable oils and fats in Europe and the 
Americas. The company operates in three 
segments: Chocolate and Confectionery Fats, Food 
Ingredients, and Technical Products and Feed. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AAK AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AAK AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AAK AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AAK AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aalberts NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Aalberts NV 
Aalberts N.V. operates as an aluminum precision 
extrusion company. The company offers 
integrated piping and multilayer systems, heat 
and surface treatment, hydronic flow and fluid 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aalberts NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aalberts NV Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aalberts NV Index 
2 
Long 
control, advance mechatronics, and other related 
products. Aalberts serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aalberts NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ABB Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
ABB Ltd 
ABB Limited provides power and automation 
technologies. The company operates under 
segments that include power products, power 
systems, automation products, process 
automation, and robotics. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ABB Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ABB Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ABB Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ABB Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Abbott Laboratories Index 
-1 
Short 
Abbott Laboratories 
Abbott Laboratories discovers, develops, 
manufactures, and sells a broad and diversified 
line of health care products and services. The 
company's products include pharmaceuticals, 
nutritional, diagnostics, and vascular products. 
Abbott markets its products worldwide through 
affiliates and distributors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Abbott Laboratories Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Abbott Laboratories Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Abbott Laboratories Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Abbott Laboratories Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AbbVie Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
AbbVie Inc 
AbbVie Inc. researches and develops 
pharmaceutical products. The company produces 
pharmaceutical drugs for specialty therapeutic 
areas such as immunology, chronic kidney disease, 
hepatitis C, women's health, oncology, and 
neuroscience. AbbVie also offers treatments for 
diseases including multiple sclerosis, parkinson's, 
and alzheimer's disease. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AbbVie Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AbbVie Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AbbVie Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AbbVie Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ABIOMED Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ABIOMED Inc 
ABIOMED, Inc. develops, manufactures, and 
markets cardiovascular products. The company 
develops technologies designed to assist and 
replace the pumping function of the heart. 
Abiomed's products and services are used by 
health care professionals in worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ABIOMED Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ABIOMED Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ABIOMED Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ABIOMED Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ABN AMRO Bank NV Index 
-1 
Short 
ABN AMRO Bank NV 
ABN AMRO Bank N.V. operates as a bank. The 
bank provides savings, credit and debit cards, 
loans, insurance, investments, mortgages, and 
pension plans and provisions, as well as renders 
online and mobile banking services. ABN AMRO 
Bank serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ABN AMRO Bank NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ABN AMRO Bank NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ABN AMRO Bank NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ABN AMRO Bank NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short abrdn plc Index 
-1 
Short 
abrdn plc 
abrdn plc operates as an investment company. 
The company offers a comprehensive range of 
developed and emerging market equities and 
fixed income, multi-asset, real estate, and 
alternatives solutions. abrdn serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short abrdn plc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short abrdn plc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long abrdn plc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long abrdn plc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Acadia Healthcare Co Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Acadia Healthcare Co Inc 
Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. operates a 
network of behavioral health centers. The 
company provides psychiatric and chemical 
dependency services, inpatient psychiatric 
hospitals, residential treatment centers, 
outpatient clinics, and therapeutic school-based 
programs. Acadia Healthcare serves customers the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Acadia Healthcare Co Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Acadia Healthcare Co Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Acadia Healthcare Co Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Acadia Healthcare Co Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Accenture PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Accenture PLC 
Accenture PLC provides management and 
technology consulting services and solutions. The 
company delivers a range of specialized 
capabilities and solutions to clients across all 
industries on a worldwide basis. Accenture 
operates a network of businesses provides 
consulting, technology, outsourcing, and alliances. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Accenture PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Accenture PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Accenture PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Accenture PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Acciona SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Acciona SA 
Acciona S.A. is a global developer and service 
provider of solutions in renewable energy, large 
civil infrastructures, and water treatment and 
reverse osmosis desalination. The company has 
sustainable development strategy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Acciona SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Acciona SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Acciona SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Acciona SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Accor SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Accor SA 
Accor SA, doing business as AccorHotels, operates 
a chain of hospitality company. The company 
owns, manages, and franchises hotels, resorts, 
and vacation facilities. AccorHotels serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Accor SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Accor SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Accor SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Accor SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ACI Worldwide Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ACI Worldwide Inc 
ACI Worldwide, Inc. develops, markets, and 
supports software products for the global 
electronics funds transfer market. The company's 
products are used to process transactions 
involving credit cards, debit cards, smart cards, 
home banking services, checks, and automated 
clearing and settlement. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ACI Worldwide Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ACI Worldwide Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ACI Worldwide Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ACI Worldwide Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ackermans & van Haaren NV 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Ackermans & van Haaren 
NV 
Ackermans & van Haaren NV is an industrial 
holding company. The company's holdings are in 
the contracting-dredging environmental, financial, 
and staffing services, as well as private equity 
investing. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ackermans & van Haaren NV 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ackermans & van Haaren NV 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ackermans & van Haaren NV 
Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ackermans & van Haaren NV 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ACM Research Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ACM Research Inc 
ACM Research, Inc. develops wet processing 
technology. The company produces equipment for 
a range of applications in integrated circuits and 
wafer level packaging, as well as offers coating, 
developer, wet stripping, scrubber, and plating 
systems. ACM Research serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ACM Research Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ACM Research Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ACM Research Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ACM Research Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ACS Actividades de Construccio 
Index 
-1 
Short 
ACS Actividades de 
Construccio 
ACS, Actividades de Construccion y Servicios, S.A. 
is an engineering and contracting company that 
develops civil and industrial infrastructures. The 
company provides Civil Works Construction, 
Greenfield Concession Development, Industrial 
Services (electricity, oil and gas) and 
Environmental Services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ACS Actividades de Construccio 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ACS Actividades de Construccio 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ACS Actividades de Construccio 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ACS Actividades de Construccio 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Activision Blizzard Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Activision Blizzard Inc 
Activision Blizzard, Inc. publishes, develops, and 
distributes interactive entertainment software 
and peripheral products. The company's products 
cover diverse game categories, including 
action/adventure, action sports, racing, role 
playing, simulation, first-person action, music-
based gaming, and strategy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Activision Blizzard Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Activision Blizzard Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Activision Blizzard Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Activision Blizzard Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Acuity Brands Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Acuity Brands Inc 
Acuity Brands, Inc. designs, produces, and 
distributes a full range of indoor and outdoor 
lighting and control systems. The company offers 
products for commercial and institutional, 
industrial, infrastructure, and residential 
applications. Acuity Brands manufactures lighting 
products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Acuity Brands Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Acuity Brands Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Acuity Brands Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Acuity Brands Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Adaptive Biotechnologies Corp 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Adaptive Biotechnologies 
Corp 
Adaptive Biotechnologies Corporation provides 
life science equipment. The company offers 
testing instruments for diagnose, treat, and 
monitor disease. Adaptive Biotechnologies serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Adaptive Biotechnologies Corp 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Adaptive Biotechnologies Corp 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Adaptive Biotechnologies Corp 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Adaptive Biotechnologies Corp 
Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AddLife AB Index 
-1 
Short 
AddLife AB 
AddLife AB operates within the Nordic life 
sciences sector. The company primarily focuses on 
selected niches in the market areas of diagnostics, 
medical technology, and biomedical research and 
laboratory analysis. AddLife has organized 
operations within the two business areas of 
laboratory research and medical technology. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AddLife AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AddLife AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AddLife AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AddLife AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AddTech AB Index 
-1 
Short 
AddTech AB 
AddTech AB offers high-tech industrial 
components and systems.  The company creates 
customer specific solutions within the areas 
Equipment, Transmission, and Components.  
AddTech works in close cooperation with both 
customers and suppliers.  The company's largest 
customer segments are the engineering, 
telecommunications, automotive, and electronic 
industries in the Nordic area. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AddTech AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AddTech AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AddTech AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AddTech AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Adecco Group AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Adecco Group AG 
Adecco Group AG is a personnel and temporary 
employment company. The company supplies 
personnel and temporary help and offers 
permanent placement services for professionals 
and specialists in a range of occupations. Adecco 
Group conducts its placement services 
internationally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Adecco Group AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Adecco Group AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Adecco Group AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Adecco Group AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Adevinta ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
Adevinta ASA 
Adevinta ASA provides Internet based services. 
The company creates networks of people working 
together towards a common purpose across 
geographies and disciplines. Adevinta serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Adevinta ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Adevinta ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Adevinta ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Adevinta ASA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short adidas AG Index 
-1 
Short 
adidas AG 
adidas AG manufactures sports shoes and sports 
equipment. The company produces products that 
include footwear, sports apparel, and golf clubs 
and balls. adidas sells its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short adidas AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short adidas AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long adidas AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long adidas AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Admiral Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Admiral Group PLC 
Admiral Group plc provides insurance services. 
The company offers car insurance products. 
Admiral Group serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Admiral Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Admiral Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Admiral Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Admiral Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Admiral Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Admiral Group PLC 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Admiral Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Admiral Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Admiral Group plc provides insurance services. 
The company offers car insurance products. 
Admiral Group serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Admiral Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Admiral Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Adobe Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Adobe Inc 
Adobe Inc. develops, markets, and supports 
computer software products and technologies. 
The company's products allow users to express 
and use information across all print and electronic 
media. Adobe offers a line of application software 
products, type products, and content for creating, 
distributing, and managing information. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Adobe Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Adobe Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Adobe Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Adobe Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ADT Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ADT Inc 
ADT Inc. provides commercial security systems 
and services. The company offers home and 
business automation solutions which includes 
temperature, burglary, flood, fire and smoke, and 
medical alert monitoring. ADT also provides 
security cameras, remote access, and wireless 
home security systems. ADT serves customers in 
the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ADT Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ADT Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ADT Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ADT Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ADTRAN Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ADTRAN Inc 
ADTRAN, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, 
markets, and services a variety of high-speed 
digital transmission products. The company's 
products are used by telephone companies and 
corporate end-users to implement advanced 
digital data services over existing telephone 
networks. ADTRAN also offers a line of 
multiplexers which provides modular flexibility. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ADTRAN Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ADTRAN Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ADTRAN Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ADTRAN Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Advance Auto Parts Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Advance Auto Parts Inc 
Advance Auto Parts, Inc. is an automotive 
aftermarket parts provider that serves commercial 
and do-it-yourself customers, as well as 
independently owned operators. The company 
operates stores in the United States, Canada, 
Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Advance Auto Parts Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Advance Auto Parts Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Advance Auto Parts Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Advance Auto Parts Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Advanced Drainage Systems Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Advanced Drainage 
Systems Inc 
Advanced Drainage Systems, Inc. manufactures 
water drainage structures and supplies. The 
company produces pipe fittings, subsurface storm 
water management drainage structures, leaching 
chambers, basins, channels, grates, and grease 
interceptors. Advanced Drainage Systems markets 
and sells its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Advanced Drainage Systems Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Advanced Drainage Systems Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Advanced Drainage Systems Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Advanced Drainage Systems Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Advanced Energy Industries Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Advanced Energy 
Industries Inc 
Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. provides 
engineered precision power conversion,

--- Page 73 ---
73 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Advanced Energy Industries Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
measurement, and control solutions. The 
company designs, manufactures, sells, and 
supports power conversion products and solutions 
that transform power into various usable forms in 
a variety of applications ranging from 
manufacturing and industrial processes to 
instrumentation and measurement. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Advanced Energy Industries Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Advanced Energy Industries Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Advanced Energy Industries Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Advanced Micro Devices Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Advanced Micro Devices 
Inc 
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) produces 
semiconductor products and devices. The 
company offers products such as microprocessors, 
embedded microprocessors, chipsets, graphics, 
video and multimedia products and supplies it to 
third-party foundries, as well as provides 
assembling, testing, and packaging services. AMD 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Advanced Micro Devices Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Advanced Micro Devices Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Advanced Micro Devices Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Advanced Micro Devices Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Adyen NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Adyen NV 
Adyen N.V. provides payment solutions. The 
company offers a platform that enable merchants 
and businesses to process payments online, 
mobile, and point-of-sale systems with payment 
methods including card schemes, mobile wallets, 
and other local methods. Adyen serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Adyen NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Adyen NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Adyen NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Adyen NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AECOM Index 
-1 
Short 
AECOM 
AECOM provides professional technical services to 
the United States government, state, local, and 
non-U.S. governments and agencies, and 
commercial customers. The company's services 
include consulting, planning, architecture, 
engineering, construction management, project 
management, asset management, environmental 
services, and design-build services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AECOM Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AECOM Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AECOM Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AECOM Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aedifica SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Aedifica SA 
Aedifica SA operates as a regulated real estate 
company under Belgian law. The company 
specializes in European healthcare real estate, 
particularly in senior housing. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aedifica SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aedifica SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aedifica SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aedifica SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aegon NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Aegon NV 
Aegon N.V. offers life and health insurance, and 
related pension, savings, and investment products 
in Europe and North America. The company also 
offers property and casualty insurance in the 
Netherlands, Spain, and Hungary, and financial 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aegon NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aegon NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aegon NV Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aegon NV Index 
3 
Long 
services including banking, equipment lease 
financing, and mortgage lending. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aehr Test Systems Index 
-1 
Short 
Aehr Test Systems 
Aehr Test Systems develops, manufactures, and 
sells systems which are designed to reduce the 
cost of testing Dynamic Random Access Memory 
and other memory devices. The company's 
systems also enable integrated circuit 
manufacturers to perform test and burn-in of bare 
die. Aehr offers systems that perform screening of 
complex logic and memory devices. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aehr Test Systems Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aehr Test Systems Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aehr Test Systems Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aehr Test Systems Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aena SME SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Aena SME SA 
Aena SME, S.A. operates as a holding company. 
The company, through its subsidiaries, engages in 
operation and management of airports and 
heliports. Aena SME also manages commercial 
spaces. Aena SME offers its services worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aena SME SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aena SME SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aena SME SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aena SME SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aeroports de Paris Index 
-1 
Short 
Aeroports de Paris 
Aeroports de Paris (ADP) manages all the civil 
airports in the Paris area.  The company also 
develops and operates light aircraft aerodromes.  
ADP offers air transport related services, and 
business services such as office rental. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aeroports de Paris Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aeroports de Paris Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aeroports de Paris Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aeroports de Paris Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AES Corp/The Index 
-1 
Short 
AES Corp/The 
The AES Corporation is an electric power 
distribution company. The company acquires, 
develops, owns, and operates renewable energy 
power plants. AES serves customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AES Corp/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AES Corp/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AES Corp/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AES Corp/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aeva Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Aeva Technologies Inc 
Aeva Technologies, Inc. provides lidar technology 
solutions. The company develops a sensing and 
perception paradigm for autonomous machines. 
Aeva Technologies serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aeva Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aeva Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aeva Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aeva Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Affiliated Managers Group Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Affiliated Managers 
Group Inc 
AMG is a global asset management company with 
equity investments in investment management 
firms. AMG's strategy is to generate value by 
investing in independent active investment 
managers, through a partnership approach. AMG 
provides centralized assistance to its Affiliates on 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Affiliated Managers Group Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Affiliated Managers Group Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Affiliated Managers Group Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
strategy, marketing, distribution and product 
development. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Affiliated Managers Group Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Affirm Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Affirm Holdings Inc 
Affirm Holdings, Inc. provides information 
technology solutions. The company builds next 
generation platform for digital and mobile-first 
commerce. Affirm Holdings serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Affirm Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Affirm Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Affirm Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Affirm Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aflac Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Aflac Inc 
Aflac, Inc. is a general business holding company. 
The company, through its subsidiaries, provides 
supplemental insurance to individuals in the 
United States and Japan. Aflac's products include 
accident and disability, cancer expense, short-
term disability, sickness and hospital indemnity, 
hospital intensive care, and fixed-benefit dental 
plans. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aflac Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aflac Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aflac Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aflac Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AFRY AB Index 
-1 
Short 
AFRY AB 
AFRY AB, doing business as Afry, provides 
engineering services. The company offers 
designing and consulting services in energy, 
industry, and infrastructure sectors. AFRY serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AFRY AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AFRY AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AFRY AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AFRY AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AGCO Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
AGCO Corp 
AGCO Corporation manufactures and distributes 
agricultural equipment. The company sells a wide 
range of agricultural equipment and related 
replacement parts, including tractors, combines, 
hay tools, sprayers, and forage equipment. AGCO 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AGCO Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AGCO Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AGCO Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AGCO Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ageas SA/NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Ageas SA/NV 
Ageas offers international insurance services such 
as life and non-life, disability, and medical to 
individuals and groups. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ageas SA/NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ageas SA/NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ageas SA/NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ageas SA/NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Agilent Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Agilent Technologies Inc 
Agilent Technologies, Inc. provides core bio-
analytical and electronic measurement solutions 
to the communications, electronics, life sciences, 
and chemical analysis industries. The company 
offers electronic and bio-analytical measurement, 
semiconductor, and board testing. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Agilent Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Agilent Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Agilent Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 76 ---
76 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Agilent Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short agilon health Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
agilon health Inc 
agilon health, Inc. provides health care platform. 
The company empowers physician leaders, 
thriving practices, healthier communities, and 
practicing physicians to connect with right 
patients who get the right treatments. agilon 
health serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short agilon health Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short agilon health Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long agilon health Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long agilon health Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Agilysys Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Agilysys Inc 
Agilysys, Inc. develops application software.The 
company specializes in point-of-sale, property 
management, inventory, procurement, mobile, 
and wireless solutions. Agilysys serves hospitality 
and retail industries worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Agilysys Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Agilysys Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Agilysys Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Agilysys Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AGNC Investment Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
AGNC Investment Corp 
AGNC Investment Corp. is an internally-managed 
real estate investment trust. The company invests 
primarily in residential mortgage-backed securities 
for which the principal and interest payments are 
guaranteed by a US government and agency. 
AGNC Investment serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AGNC Investment Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AGNC Investment Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AGNC Investment Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AGNC Investment Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Air Lease Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Air Lease Corp 
Air Lease Corporation operates an aircraft leasing 
company. The company purchases, sales, and 
leases commercial aircrafts. Air Lease serves 
clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Air Lease Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Air Lease Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Air Lease Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Air Lease Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Air Liquide SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Air Liquide SA 
Air Liquide SA, through its subsidiaries, produces, 
markets, and sells industrial and healthcare gases, 
including liquid nitrogen, argon, carbon dioxide, 
and oxygen worldwide. The company also 
produces welding, diving, and technical-medical 
equipment. Air Liquide sells its products 
throughout Europe, the United States, Canada, 
Africa, and Asia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Air Liquide SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Air Liquide SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Air Liquide SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Air Liquide SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Air Products and Chemicals Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Air Products and 
Chemicals Inc 
Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. produces 
industrial atmospheric and specialty gases and 
performance materials and equipment. The 
company's products include oxygen, nitrogen, 
argon, helium, specialty surfactants and amines, 
polyurethane, epoxy curatives, and resins. Air 
Products and Chemicals products are used in the 
beverage, health, and semiconductors fields. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Air Products and Chemicals Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Air Products and Chemicals Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Air Products and Chemicals Inc 
Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Air Products and Chemicals Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Airbnb Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Airbnb Inc 
Airbnb, Inc. operates an online marketplace for 
travel information and booking services. The 
company offers lodging, home-stay, and tourism 
services via websites and mobile applications. 
Airbnb serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Airbnb Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Airbnb Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Airbnb Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Airbnb Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Airbus SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Airbus SE 
Airbus SE manufactures airplanes and military 
equipment. The company produces military 
fighter aircraft, military and commercial 
helicopters, missiles, satellites, and 
telecommunications and defense systems, as well 
as offers military and commercial aircraft 
conversion and maintenance services. Airbus 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Airbus SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Airbus SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Airbus SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Airbus SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Akamai Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Akamai Technologies Inc 
Akamai Technologies, Inc. provides services for 
accelerating and improving the delivery of content 
and applications over the internet, ranging from 
live and on-demand streaming video capabilities 
to conventional content on websites, to tools that 
help people transact business and reach out to 
new and existing customers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Akamai Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Akamai Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Akamai Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Akamai Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aker BP ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
Aker BP ASA 
Aker BP ASA operates as an oil and gas exploration 
and production company. The company focuses 
on the exploration and development of petroleum 
resources on the Norwegian Shelf. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aker BP ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aker BP ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aker BP ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aker BP ASA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Akzo Nobel NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Akzo Nobel NV 
Akzo Nobel N.V. manufactures specialty 
chemicals. The company offers decorative paints 
and coatings, surfactants, polymer, pulp and 
paper, bleaching and oxidizing, salt-chlorine, and 
other chemical products. Akzo Nobel serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Akzo Nobel NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Akzo Nobel NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Akzo Nobel NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Akzo Nobel NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alarm.com Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Alarm.com Holdings Inc 
Alarm.com Holdings, Inc. provides interactive 
security solutions for home and business owners. 
The company offers security systems such as 
image sensor, crash and smash protection, web 
control, mobile access, and video monitoring. 
Alarm.com Holdings operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alarm.com Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alarm.com Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alarm.com Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alarm.com Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alaska Air Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Alaska Air Group Inc

--- Page 78 ---
78 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alaska Air Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Alaska Air Group, Inc. is an airline holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides air services to passengers in multiple 
destinations. Alaska Air also provide freight and 
mail services, primarily to and within the state of 
Alaska and on the West Coast. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alaska Air Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alaska Air Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alaska Air Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Albemarle Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Albemarle Corp 
Albemarle Corporation produces specialty 
chemicals. The company offers plastics, polymers, 
and elastomers, as well as cleaning products, 
agricultural compounds, pharmaceuticals, 
photographic chemicals, drilling compounds, and 
biocides. Albemarle focuses on lithium, bromine, 
refining catalysts, and applied surface treatment. 
Albemarle markets its products globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Albemarle Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Albemarle Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Albemarle Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Albemarle Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Albertsons Cos Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Albertsons Cos Inc 
Albertsons Companies, Inc. retails food products. 
The company distributes fruits, vegetables, 
canned items, and other related goods. Albertsons 
Companies serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Albertsons Cos Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Albertsons Cos Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Albertsons Cos Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Albertsons Cos Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alcoa Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Alcoa Corp 
Alcoa Corporation manufactures metal products. 
The company produces and sells bauxite, alumina, 
and aluminum products. Alcoa serves aluminum 
industry worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alcoa Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alcoa Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alcoa Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alcoa Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alcon Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Alcon Inc 
Alcon Inc. manufactures eye care products. The 
company produces and markets vitreoretinal and 
cataract surgery, contact lenses, and refractive 
technology products. Alcon serves medical 
industry worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alcon Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alcon Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alcon Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alcon Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alexandria Real Estate Equitie 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Alexandria Real Estate 
Equitie 
Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. acquires, 
manages, expands, and develops office and 
laboratory space properties. The company leases 
its properties to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, 
diagnostic and personal care products companies, 
research institutions, and related government 
agencies. Alexandria Real Estate Equities serves 
customers in the State of California. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alexandria Real Estate Equitie 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alexandria Real Estate Equitie 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alexandria Real Estate Equitie 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alexandria Real Estate Equitie 
Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alfa Laval AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Alfa Laval AB 
Alfa Laval AB provides specialized products and 
engineering solutions. The company's product line 
includes equipment and systems for heating, 
cooling, separation, and transportation of 
products such as oil, water, chemicals, beverages, 
starch, foodstuffs, and pharmaceuticals.  Alfa Laval 
sells and markets worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alfa Laval AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alfa Laval AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alfa Laval AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alfa Laval AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Alibaba Group Holding 
Ltd 
Alibaba Group Holding Limited operates as a 
holding company. The company provides internet 
infrastructure, electronic commerce, online 
financial, and internet content services through its 
subsidiaries. Alibaba Group Holding offers its 
products and services worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alibaba Group Holding Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Align Technology Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Align Technology Inc 
Align Technology, Inc. designs, manufactures, and 
markets the invisalign system, a method for 
treating the misalignment of teeth. The company 
offers a system that corrects the misalignment 
using a series of clear and removable appliances 
that move teeth to a desired final position. Align 
Technology serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Align Technology Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Align Technology Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Align Technology Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Align Technology Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ALK-Abello A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
ALK-Abello A/S 
Alk-Abello A/S produces pharmaceuticals for 
allergy vaccination. The company is an 
international group with subsidiaries and 
associated companies worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ALK-Abello A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ALK-Abello A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ALK-Abello A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ALK-Abello A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alkami Technology Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Alkami Technology Inc 
Alkami Technology, Inc. provides cloud-based 
digital banking solutions. The company offers 
platform to facilitate both retail and business user 
onboarding, engagement, and account servicing. 
Alkami Technology serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alkami Technology Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alkami Technology Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alkami Technology Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alkami Technology Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alleghany Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Alleghany Corp 
Alleghany Corporation, through subsidiaries and 
investments, operates primarily in property and 
casualty reinsurance and insurance. The company 
also owns and manages a portfolio of non-
financial middle market businesses. Alleghany 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alleghany Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alleghany Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alleghany Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alleghany Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Allegion plc Index 
-1 
Short 
Allegion plc 
Allegion PLC provides security products and 
solutions. The company offers mechanical and 
electronic security products, services, and systems 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Allegion plc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 80 ---
80 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Allegion plc Index 
-3 
Short 
to keep people and places safe. Allegion serves 
commercial, institutional, and residential 
customers in the Americas, Europe, the Middle 
East, India, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Allegion plc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Allegion plc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Allegro MicroSystems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Allegro MicroSystems Inc 
Allegro Microsystems, Inc. develops advanced 
semiconductor devices. The company provides 
power and sensing solutions for motion control. 
Allegro Microsystems serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Allegro MicroSystems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Allegro MicroSystems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Allegro MicroSystems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Allegro MicroSystems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Allegro.eu SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Allegro.eu SA 
Allegro.eu SA operates shopping e-commerce 
platform. The company offers products in 
categories such as automotive, fashion, home and 
garden, electronics, books and collectibles, and 
health and beauty. Allegro.eu serves customers in 
Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Allegro.eu SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Allegro.eu SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Allegro.eu SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Allegro.eu SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Allfunds Group Plc Index 
-1 
Short 
Allfunds Group Plc 
Allfunds Group plc operates as a wealthtech 
company. The company offers data and analytics, 
portfolio and reporting tools, research, and 
regulatory services. Allfunds serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Allfunds Group Plc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Allfunds Group Plc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Allfunds Group Plc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Allfunds Group Plc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alliance Data Systems Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Alliance Data Systems 
Corp 
Alliance Data Systems Corporation provides data-
driven and transaction-based marketing and 
customer loyalty solutions. The company offers a 
portfolio of integrated outsourced marketing 
solutions, including customer loyalty programs, 
database marketing, consulting, analytics and 
creative, email marketing, private label, and co-
branded retail credit cards. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alliance Data Systems Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alliance Data Systems Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alliance Data Systems Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alliance Data Systems Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alliant Energy Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Alliant Energy Corp 
Alliant Energy Corporation provides public-utility 
services. The company supplies electricity, natural 
gas, and water to residential and commercial 
customers. Alliant Energy serves customers in the 
States of Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, and Wisconsin. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alliant Energy Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alliant Energy Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alliant Energy Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alliant Energy Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Allianz SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Allianz SE 
Allianz SE, through subsidiaries, offers insurance 
and financial services. The company offers 
property and casualty, life and health, credit, 
motor vehicle, and travel insurance, as well as and 
fund management services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Allianz SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Allianz SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Allianz SE Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 81 ---
81 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Allianz SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Allison Transmission Holdings 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Allison Transmission 
Holdings 
Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. manufactures 
fully-automatic transmissions for medium and 
heavy-duty commercial vehicles, medium and 
heavy-tactical U.S. military vehicles, and hybrid-
propulsion systems for transit buses. The 
company's products are used in a variety of 
applications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Allison Transmission Holdings 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Allison Transmission Holdings 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Allison Transmission Holdings 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Allison Transmission Holdings 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Allreal Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Allreal Holding AG 
Allreal Holding AG develops and manages real 
estate.  The company operates as a general 
contractor offering planning, architect, and 
construction management services.  Allreal also 
provides renovation services and manages a 
portfolio of apartment, office, and commercial 
buildings. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Allreal Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Allreal Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Allreal Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Allreal Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Allstate Corp/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Allstate Corp/The 
The Allstate Corporation, through its subsidiaries, 
provides property-liability insurance as well as 
other types of insurance in the United States and 
Canada. The company primarily sells private 
passenger automobile and homeowners’ 
insurance through independent and specialized 
brokers. Allstate also sells life insurance, annuity, 
and group pension products through agents. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Allstate Corp/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Allstate Corp/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Allstate Corp/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Allstate Corp/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ally Financial Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ally Financial Inc 
Ally Financial Inc. operates as a financial holding 
company. The company offers automotive 
financial services. Ally Financial serves clients in 
the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ally Financial Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ally Financial Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ally Financial Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ally Financial Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals 
Inc 
Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as an 
early-stage therapeutics company. The company 
discovers and develops drug and medicines for the 
treatment of human disease. Alnylam 
Pharmaceuticals serves health care sectors in the 
United States and the United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc 
Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Lt 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Alpha & Omega 
Semiconductor Lt 
Alpha and Omega Semiconductor Limited designs 
and manufactures semiconductors. The company 
produces analog switches, power integrated 
circuits, transient voltage suppressors for 
notebook computers, battery pack protection, 
liquid crystal display backlight inverters, and high 
speed USB. Alpha and Omega Semiconductor 
serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Lt 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Lt 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Lt 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alpha & Omega Semiconductor Lt 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alphabet Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Alphabet Inc 
Alphabet Inc. operates as a holding company. The 
company, through its subsidiaries, provides web-
based search, advertisements, maps, software 
applications, mobile operating systems, consumer 
content, enterprise solutions, commerce, and 
hardware products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alphabet Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alphabet Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alphabet Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alphabet Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alphabet Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Alphabet Inc 
Alphabet Inc. operates as a holding company. The 
company, through its subsidiaries, provides web-
based search, advertisements, maps, software 
applications, mobile operating systems, consumer 
content, enterprise solutions, commerce, and 
hardware products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alphabet Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alphabet Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alphabet Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alphabet Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alstom SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Alstom SA 
Alstom SA develops and markets integrated 
systems for transportation sector. The company 
offers a complete range of equipment and 
services, from high-speed trains, metros, trams 
and e-buses to integrated systems, customized 
services, infrastructure, signaling, and digital 
mobility solutions. Alstom serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alstom SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alstom SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alstom SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alstom SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Altair Engineering Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Altair Engineering Inc 
Altair Engineering Inc. provides simulation 
technology and services. The company offers 
product engineering, industrial design, technical 
application, and analytics solutions. Altair 
Engineering serves aerospace, architectural, 
construction, automotive, consumer goods, 
electronics, energy, marine, shipbuilding, and life 
sciences industries worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Altair Engineering Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Altair Engineering Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Altair Engineering Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Altair Engineering Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alten SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Alten SA 
Alten SA offers consulting and engineering 
services in telecommunications, computer 
systems, networking, multimedia, defense, 
aviation, and information systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alten SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alten SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alten SA Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alten SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Alteryx Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Alteryx Inc 
Alteryx, Inc. designs and develops software. The 
company provides data storage, retrieval, 
management, reporting, and analytics solutions. 
Alteryx serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Alteryx Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Alteryx Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Alteryx Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Alteryx Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Altice USA Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Altice USA Inc 
Altice USA, Inc. operates as a telecommunication 
and media company. The company offers digital 
cable television, high-speed broadband and ultra-
HD video, internet, local news and voice offerings, 
data, and digital advertising solutions. Altice USA 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Altice USA Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Altice USA Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Altice USA Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Altice USA Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Altria Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Altria Group Inc 
Altria Group, Inc. is a holding company. The 
company, through subsidiaries, manufactures and 
sells cigarettes and other tobacco products, 
including cigars and pipe tobacco. Altria holds an 
interest in a brewery company. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Altria Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Altria Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Altria Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Altria Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Amadeus IT Group SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Amadeus IT Group SA 
Amadeus IT Group SA processes transactions for 
the global travel and tourism industry. The 
company offers transactions for airlines, hotels, 
rails, cruise lines and ferry operators, car rental 
companies, and tour companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Amadeus IT Group SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Amadeus IT Group SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Amadeus IT Group SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Amadeus IT Group SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Amazon.com Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Amazon.com Inc 
Amazon.com, Inc. is an online retailer that offers a 
wide range of products. The company products 
include books, music, computers, electronics and 
numerous other products. Amazon offers 
personalized shopping services, Web-based credit 
card payment, and direct shipping to customers. 
Amazon also operates a cloud platform offering 
services globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Amazon.com Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Amazon.com Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Amazon.com Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Amazon.com Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ambarella Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ambarella Inc 
Ambarella, Inc. manufactures high-definition video 
compression and image processing 
semiconductors. The company products used in 
digital still cameras, camcorders, and video-
enabled mobile phones. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ambarella Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ambarella Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ambarella Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ambarella Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ambu A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
Ambu A/S

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ambu A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Ambu A/S develops, produces, and markets life-
saving equipment.  The company provides 
professional diagnostic, life supporting, and 
training equipment. Ambu's products are used for 
respiratory support and cardiopulmonary 
resuscitation, immobilisation, and protection 
against infections.  The Company sells to hospitals, 
rescuers, armed forces, and industry worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ambu A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ambu A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ambu A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Amcor PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Amcor PLC 
Amcor PLC operates as a packaging company. The 
company offers wide range of flexible and rigid 
packaging, specialty cartons, closures, and services 
for food, beverage, pharmaceutical, and medical 
sectors. Amcor serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Amcor PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Amcor PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Amcor PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Amcor PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Amdocs Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Amdocs Ltd 
Amdocs Limited provides product-driven 
information system solutions to major 
telecommunications companies in the United 
States and internationally. The company provides 
integrated customer care and billing systems for 
wireless and wireline network operators and 
service providers, as well as for companies that 
offer multiple service packages. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Amdocs Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Amdocs Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Amdocs Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Amdocs Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Amedisys Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Amedisys Inc 
Amedisys, Inc. is a multi-regional provider of 
alternate-site health care services. The company 
offers home health care nursing, home infusion 
therapy, and ambulatory surgery centers. 
Amedisys operates offices within a network of 
subsidiaries in the southern and southeastern 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Amedisys Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Amedisys Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Amedisys Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Amedisys Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AMERCO Index 
-1 
Short 
AMERCO 
AMERCO operates as a holding company. The 
Company, through its subsidiaries, offers rental of 
trucks, trailers, and self storage space, as well as 
provides property and casualty and life insurance 
products. AMERCO also sells boxes, tapes, and 
other moving and self-storage products and 
services to 'do-it-yourself' moving and storage 
customers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AMERCO Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AMERCO Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AMERCO Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AMERCO Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ameren Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Ameren Corp 
Ameren Corporation is a public utility holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
generates electricity, delivers electricity, and 
distributes natural gas to customers in Missouri 
and Illinois. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ameren Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ameren Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ameren Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ameren Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short American Airlines Group Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
American Airlines Group 
Inc 
American Airlines Group Inc. operates an airline 
that provides scheduled passenger, freight, and

--- Page 85 ---
85 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short American Airlines Group Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
mail service throughout North America, the 
Caribbean, Latin America, Europe, and the Pacific. 
The company also provides connecting service 
throughout the United States, Canada, and the 
Caribbean. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short American Airlines Group Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long American Airlines Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long American Airlines Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short American Campus Communities 
In Index 
-1 
Short 
American Campus 
Communities In 
American Campus Communities, Inc. owns and 
operates on and off-campus housing properties 
within close proximity to colleges and universities. 
The company provides development and 
construction services for student housing 
properties owned by universities, charitable 
foundations, and others. American Campus 
Communities also provides third party 
management and leasing services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short American Campus Communities 
In Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short American Campus Communities 
In Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long American Campus Communities In 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long American Campus Communities In 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short American Electric Power Co Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
American Electric Power 
Co Inc 
American Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP) 
operates as a public utility holding company. The 
company generates, transmits, distributes, and 
sells electricity to residential and commercial 
customers. AEP serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short American Electric Power Co Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short American Electric Power Co Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long American Electric Power Co Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long American Electric Power Co Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short American Express Co Index 
-1 
Short 
American Express Co 
American Express Company is a global payment 
and travel company. The company's principal 
products and services are charge and credit 
payment card products and travel-related services 
offered to consumers and businesses around the 
world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short American Express Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short American Express Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long American Express Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long American Express Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short American Financial Group Inc/O 
Index 
-1 
Short 
American Financial Group 
Inc/O 
American Financial Group, Inc. provides multi-line 
property and casualty insurance. The company 
also sells tax-deferred annuities and certain life 
and supplemental health insurance products. 
American Financial operates in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short American Financial Group Inc/O 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short American Financial Group Inc/O 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long American Financial Group Inc/O 
Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 86 ---
86 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long American Financial Group Inc/O 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short American Homes 4 Rent Index 
-1 
Short 
American Homes 4 Rent 
American Homes 4 Rent operates as an internally 
managed Maryland real estate investment trust 
focuses on acquiring, renovating, leasing, and 
operating single-family homes as rental 
properties. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short American Homes 4 Rent Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short American Homes 4 Rent Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long American Homes 4 Rent Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long American Homes 4 Rent Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short American International Group I 
Index 
-1 
Short 
American International 
Group I 
American International Group, Inc. is an 
international insurance organization serving 
commercial, institutional and individual 
customers. AIG provides property-casualty 
insurance, life insurance, and retirement services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short American International Group I 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short American International Group I 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long American International Group I 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long American International Group I 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short American Software Inc/GA Index 
-1 
Short 
American Software 
Inc/GA 
American Software, Inc. provides demand-driven 
supply chain management and enterprise 
software solutions. The company offers a software 
and services that brings business value to 
enterprises by supporting their operations over 
intranets, extranets, and servers. American 
Software serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short American Software Inc/GA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short American Software Inc/GA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long American Software Inc/GA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long American Software Inc/GA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short American Tower Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
American Tower Corp 
American Tower Corporation is a real estate 
investment trust that owns, operates, and 
develops wireless communications and broadcast 
towers in the United States. The company leases 
antennae sites on multi-tenant towers for a 
diverse range of wireless communications 
industries, including personal communications 
services, paging, and cellular. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short American Tower Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short American Tower Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long American Tower Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long American Tower Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short American Water Works Co Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
American Water Works 
Co Inc 
American Water Works Co., Inc. provides drinking 
water, wastewater, and other water-related 
services in multiple states and Ontario, Canada. 
The company's primary business involves the 
ownership of regulated water and wastewater 
utilities that provide water and wastewater 
services to residential, commercial, and industrial 
customers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short American Water Works Co Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short American Water Works Co Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long American Water Works Co Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long American Water Works Co Inc 
Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Americold Realty Trust Index 
-1 
Short 
Americold Realty Trust 
Americold Realty Trust provides temperature-
controlled food distribution services. The 
company offers warehousing, consolidation 
programs, shipment management, multi-vendor 
consoldiation, and logistics solutions. Americold 
Realty Trust serves food producers, processors, 
distributors, wholesalers, retailers, and 
restaurants worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Americold Realty Trust Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Americold Realty Trust Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Americold Realty Trust Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Americold Realty Trust Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ameriprise Financial Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ameriprise Financial Inc 
Ameriprise Financial, Inc. operates as a financial 
planning and services firm. The company provides 
financial planning and products and services that 
are designed to be utilized as solutions for its 
clients' cash and liquidity, asset accumulation, 
income, protection, and estate and wealth 
transfer needs. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ameriprise Financial Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ameriprise Financial Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ameriprise Financial Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ameriprise Financial Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AmerisourceBergen Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
AmerisourceBergen Corp 
AmerisourceBergen Corporation provides 
pharmaceutical services. The company offers 
brand generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter 
healthcare products, home healthcare supplies 
and equipment, and related services to healthcare 
providers. AmerisourceBergen distributes its 
products internationally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AmerisourceBergen Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AmerisourceBergen Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AmerisourceBergen Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AmerisourceBergen Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AMETEK Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
AMETEK Inc 
AMETEK, Inc. is a global manufacturer of 
electronic instruments and electromechanical 
devices. The company manufactures advanced 
instruments for process, aerospace, power, and 
industrial markets and is a supplier of electrical 
interconnects, specialty metals, technical motors 
and systems, and floor care and specialty motors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AMETEK Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AMETEK Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AMETEK Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AMETEK Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Amgen Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Amgen Inc 
Amgen Inc. is an independent biotechnology 
medicines company that discovers, develops, 
manufactures, and markets medicines for grievous 
illnesses. The company focuses on human 
therapeutics and concentrates on innovating 
novel medicines based on cellular and molecular 
biology. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Amgen Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Amgen Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Amgen Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Amgen Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Amkor Technology Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Amkor Technology Inc 
Amkor Technology, Inc. provides semiconductor 
packaging and test services. The company offers 
deep submicron wafer fabrication, wafer probe 
testing, integrated circuit packaging assembly and 
design, final testing, reliability testing, burn-in, and 
electrical characterization. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Amkor Technology Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Amkor Technology Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Amkor Technology Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Amkor Technology Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Amphenol Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Amphenol Corp 
Amphenol Corporation designs, manufactures, 
and markets electrical, electronic and fiber optic 
connectors, interconnect systems, and coaxial and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Amphenol Corp Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 88 ---
88 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Amphenol Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
flat-ribbon cable. The company's products are 
used in a variety of industries, including 
telephone, wireless, and data communications 
systems, cable television systems, and commercial 
and military aerospace electronics. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Amphenol Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Amphenol Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Amplifon SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Amplifon SpA 
Amplifon S.p.A. retails and fits hearing aids and 
supplies correlated services aimed at the solution 
of problems related to the loss of hearing.  The 
group operates in Italy, France, Spain, Portugal, 
Switzerland, Austria, Holland, the United States, 
Hungary, and Egypt.  Amplifon operates through a 
network of distribution centers and licensee 
network affiliates. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Amplifon SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Amplifon SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Amplifon SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Amplifon SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Amplitude Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Amplitude Inc 
Amplitude, Inc. provides mobile analytics to 
analyze various user actions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Amplitude Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Amplitude Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Amplitude Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Amplitude Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ams-OSRAM AG Index 
-1 
Short 
ams-OSRAM AG 
ams-OSRAM AG designs and manufactures optical 
solutions. The company offers sensor and light 
technologies for the consumer, automotive, 
healthcare, and industrial technology sectors. 
ams-OSRAM serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ams-OSRAM AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ams-OSRAM AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ams-OSRAM AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ams-OSRAM AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Amundi SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Amundi SA 
Amundi SA provides investment management 
services. The company offers savings, financial 
instruments, equity trading, credit activities, and 
investment solutions. Amundi serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Amundi SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Amundi SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Amundi SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Amundi SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Analog Devices Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Analog Devices Inc 
Analog Devices, Inc. designs, manufactures, and 
markets integrated circuits used in analog and 
digital signal processing. The company's products 
are used in communications, computer, industrial, 
instrumentation, military, aerospace, automotive, 
and high-performance consumer electronics 
applications. Analog Devices sells its products 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Analog Devices Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Analog Devices Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Analog Devices Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Analog Devices Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Anaplan Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Anaplan Inc 
Anaplan, Inc. develops and publishes a cloud 
platform for business applications. The company 
offers platform that allow business users to build 
and maintain strategic, operational, and business 
planning and performance management. Anaplan 
markets its products and services globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Anaplan Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Anaplan Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Anaplan Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Anaplan Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ANDRITZ AG Index 
-1 
Short 
ANDRITZ AG 
ANDRITZ AG operates as a supplier of plants, 
equipment, and services for hydropower stations. 
The company serves the pulp and paper, 
metalworking, steel, and solid and liquid 
separation in the municipal and industrial sectors. 
ANDRITZ serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ANDRITZ AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ANDRITZ AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ANDRITZ AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ANDRITZ AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Anglo American PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Anglo American PLC 
Anglo American PLC is a global mining company. 
The company's mining portfolio includes bulk 
commodities including iron ore, manganese, and 
metallurgical coal, base metals including copper 
and nickel and precious metals and minerals 
including platinum and diamonds. Anglo American 
has mining operations in Africa, Europe, North and 
South America, Asia, and Australia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Anglo American PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Anglo American PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Anglo American PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Anglo American PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Anglo American PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Anglo American PLC 
Anglo American PLC is a global mining company. 
The company's mining portfolio includes bulk 
commodities including iron ore, manganese, and 
metallurgical coal, base metals including copper 
and nickel and precious metals and minerals 
including platinum and diamonds. Anglo American 
has mining operations in Africa, Europe, North and 
South America, Asia, and Australia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Anglo American PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Anglo American PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Anglo American PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Anglo American PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Anheuser-Busch InBev 
SA/NV 
Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV manufactures 
alcoholic beverages. The company produces and 
distributes beers. Anheuser-Busch InBev serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Annaly Capital Management Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Annaly Capital 
Management Inc 
Annaly Capital Management, Inc. is a capital 
manager that invests in and finances residential 
and commercial assets. The company's principal 
business objective is to generate net income for 
distribution to its stockholders through capital 
preservation, prudent selection of investments, 
and continuous management of its portfolio. The 
company operates as a REIT. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Annaly Capital Management Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Annaly Capital Management Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Annaly Capital Management Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Annaly Capital Management Inc 
Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 90 ---
90 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ANSYS Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ANSYS Inc 
ANSYS, Inc. develops, markets, and supports 
software solutions for design analysis and 
optimization. The company's software accelerates 
product time to market, reduces production costs, 
improves engineering processes, and optimizes 
product quality and safety for a variety of 
manufactured products. ANSYS product family 
features open, flexible architecture for easy 
integration. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ANSYS Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ANSYS Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ANSYS Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ANSYS Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Antero Midstream Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Antero Midstream Corp 
Antero Midstream Corporation owns, operates, 
and develops midstream energy assets. The 
company offers gathering and compressions, 
water distribution, clearwater facility, 
fractionation, and pipeline safety services. Antero 
Midstream serves customers in North America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Antero Midstream Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Antero Midstream Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Antero Midstream Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Antero Midstream Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Anthem Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Anthem Inc 
Anthem Inc. operates as a health benefits 
company. The company provides health, dental 
and vision, and pharmacy benefits, as well as life 
insurance, and life and disability insurance 
benefits. Anthem offers a broad spectrum of 
network-based managed care plans to large and 
small employer, individual, medicaid, and 
medicare markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Anthem Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Anthem Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Anthem Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Anthem Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Antofagasta PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Antofagasta PLC 
Antofagasta plc owns and operates copper mines 
in Chile and conducts exploration activities in Chile 
and Peru. The group also operates a rail network 
servicing the mining region of northern Chile, as 
well as operates a concession for the distribution 
of water in this region. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Antofagasta PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Antofagasta PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Antofagasta PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Antofagasta PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aon PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Aon PLC 
Aon PLC is a professional services provider. The 
company is comprised of risk and insurance 
brokerage consulting. Aon's services include 
helping manage risk for clients, negotiating and 
placing insurance risk with other carriers, and 
advising clients related to health and benefits, 
retirement, compensation, strategic human 
capital, and human resource outsourcing. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aon PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aon PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aon PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aon PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AP Moller - Maersk A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
AP Moller - Maersk A/S 
A.P. Moller - Maersk A/S operates as an integrated 
transport and logistics company. The company 
offers container vessels, supply ships, special 
vessels, terminals, tug boat activities and reefer 
container box manufacturing. A.P. Moller-Maersk 
serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AP Moller - Maersk A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AP Moller - Maersk A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AP Moller - Maersk A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AP Moller - Maersk A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short APA Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
APA Corp

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short APA Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
APA Corporation operates as an oil and gas 
company. The company focuses on exploration 
and production of oil and gas properties. APA 
serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short APA Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long APA Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long APA Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Apartment Income REIT Corp 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Apartment Income REIT 
Corp 
Apartment Income REIT Corp. operates as a real 
estate investment trust. The company invests in 
stabilized apartment communities. Apartment 
Income REIT serves clients in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Apartment Income REIT Corp 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Apartment Income REIT Corp 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Apartment Income REIT Corp 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Apartment Income REIT Corp 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Apollo Global Management Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Apollo Global 
Management Inc 
Apollo Global Management, Inc. operates as an 
alternative investment management company. 
The company focuses on investing in yield, hybrid, 
and equity markets to generate retirement and 
investment income for clients. Apollo Global 
Management serves businesses and individuals 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Apollo Global Management Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Apollo Global Management Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Apollo Global Management Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Apollo Global Management Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Appfolio Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Appfolio Inc 
AppFolio, Inc. provides cloud-based software 
solutions. The company offers a cloud-based 
property management software that allows 
apartment and residential property managers to 
market, manage, and grow their business. 
AppFolio serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Appfolio Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Appfolio Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Appfolio Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Appfolio Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Appian Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Appian Corp 
Appian Corporation develops enterprise software 
solutions. The company offers business process 
and cash management software. Appian serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Appian Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Appian Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Appian Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Appian Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Apple Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Apple Inc 
Apple Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets 
personal computers and related personal 
computing and mobile communication devices 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Apple Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Apple Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
along with a variety of related software, services, 
peripherals, and networking solutions. Apple sells 
its products worldwide through its online stores, 
its retail stores, its direct sales force, third-party 
wholesalers, and resellers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Apple Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Apple Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Applied Materials Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Applied Materials Inc 
Applied Materials, Inc. develops, manufactures, 
markets, and services semiconductor wafer 
fabrication equipment and related spare parts for 
the worldwide semiconductor industry. The 
company's customers include semiconductor 
wafer and integrated circuit manufacturers, flat 
panel liquid crystal displays, solar photovoltaic 
cells and modules and other electronic devices 
manufacturers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Applied Materials Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Applied Materials Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Applied Materials Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Applied Materials Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AptarGroup Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
AptarGroup Inc 
AptarGroup, Inc. designs, manufactures, and 
markets pumps, dispensing closures, and aerosol 
valves. The company's products are used for 
fragrance and cosmetics, personal care, 
pharmaceutical, household and industrial, and 
food products. AptarGroup operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AptarGroup Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AptarGroup Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AptarGroup Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AptarGroup Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aptiv PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Aptiv PLC 
Aptiv PLC manufactures and distributes vehicle 
components. The company produces connector 
wires, safety restraint systems, pin headers, and 
underwater towed arrays for automobile and 
commercial vehicles. Aptiv supplies original 
equipment manufacturers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aptiv PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aptiv PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aptiv PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aptiv PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aramark Index 
-1 
Short 
Aramark 
Aramark provides food and facilities management 
services. The company offers uniform, 
refreshments, work apparel, and cleanroom 
services to healthcare institutions, universities, 
school districts, stadiums, and businesses. 
Aramark serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aramark Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aramark Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aramark Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aramark Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Arcadis NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Arcadis NV 
Arcadis N.V. offers consulting and engineering 
services worldwide.  The company performs 
feasibility studies, develops projects, offers 
financial and legal consulting services, assists in 
the permitting process, and offers design and 
maintenance services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Arcadis NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Arcadis NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Arcadis NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Arcadis NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ArcelorMittal SA Index 
-1 
Short 
ArcelorMittal SA 
ArcelorMittal produces steel. The company 
manufactures cold rolled, electrogalvanized and 
coated steels, slabs, bars, and wire rods. 
ArcelorMittal serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ArcelorMittal SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ArcelorMittal SA Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ArcelorMittal SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ArcelorMittal SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Arch Capital Group Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Arch Capital Group Ltd 
Arch Capital Group Ltd. provides financial services. 
The company offers life, health, and property 
insurance and reinsurance products, as well as 
mortgage insurance. Arch Capital Group serves 
customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Arch Capital Group Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Arch Capital Group Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Arch Capital Group Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Arch Capital Group Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Archer-Daniels-Midland Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Archer-Daniels-Midland 
Co 
Archer-Daniels-Midland Company procures, 
transports, stores, and merchandises agricultural 
commodities and products. The company 
processes oilseeds, corn, milo, oats, barley, 
peanuts, and wheat. Archer-Daniels-Midland also 
processes produce products which have primarily 
two end uses including food or feed ingredients. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Archer-Daniels-Midland Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Archer-Daniels-Midland Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Archer-Daniels-Midland Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Archer-Daniels-Midland Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ardagh Group SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Ardagh Group SA 
Ardagh Group S.A. manufactures containers and 
packaging products. The company supplies glass 
and metal packaging products for beverages, pet 
food, seafood products, vegetables, oils, vinegars, 
condiments, and other consumer products. 
Ardagh Group serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ardagh Group SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ardagh Group SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ardagh Group SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ardagh Group SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ardagh Metal Packaging SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Ardagh Metal Packaging 
SA 
Ardagh Metal Packaging S.A. provides packaging 
solutions. The company offers recyclable metal 
cans and glass bottles for packaging services. 
Ardagh Metal Packaging serves food and personal 
care markets worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ardagh Metal Packaging SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ardagh Metal Packaging SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ardagh Metal Packaging SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ardagh Metal Packaging SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ares Management Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Ares Management Corp 
Ares Management Corporation operates as an 
asset management firm. The firm focuses on 
tradable credit, direct lending, private equity, and 
real estate markets. The company also invest in all 
levels of a company capital structure-from senior 
debt to common equity. Ares Management serves 
university endowments, pension and sovereign 
wealth funds, banks, and insurance companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ares Management Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ares Management Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ares Management Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ares Management Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Argenx SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Argenx SE 
argenx SE operates as a biotechnology company. 
The company develops antibody based therapies 
for the treatment of severe autoimmune diseases 
and cancer. argenx serves customers in the 
Netherlands and Belgium. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Argenx SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Argenx SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Argenx SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Argenx SE Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Arista Networks Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Arista Networks Inc 
Arista Networks Inc. provides cloud networking 
solutions for data-centers and computer 
environments. The company offers ethernet 
switches, pass-through cards, transceivers, and 
enhanced operating systems. Arista Networks also 
provides host adapter solutions and networking 
services. Arista Networks markets its products 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Arista Networks Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Arista Networks Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Arista Networks Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Arista Networks Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Arkema SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Arkema SA 
Arkema SA manufactures and markets a wide 
range of chemicals. The company manufactures 
both industrial chemicals and performance 
products including acrylics, polymethyl 
methacrylate (PMMA), hydrogen peroxide, 
technical polymers, specialty chemicals, and 
functional additives. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Arkema SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Arkema SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Arkema SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Arkema SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Arlo Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Arlo Technologies Inc 
Arlo Technologies, Inc. provides software 
solutions. The company offers cloud-based 
platform with a variety of connected devices such 
as security cameras. Arlo Technologies serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Arlo Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Arlo Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Arlo Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Arlo Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Armstrong World Industries Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Armstrong World 
Industries Inc 
Armstrong World Industries, Inc. provides home 
improvement solutions. The company offers 
ceilings, walls, roof deck, and plasterform castings 
for commercial spaces and homes. Armstrong 
World Industries serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Armstrong World Industries Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Armstrong World Industries Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Armstrong World Industries Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Armstrong World Industries Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aroundtown SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Aroundtown SA 
Aroundtown SA operates as a real estate 
company. The company manages and invests in 
commercial and residential real estate assets. 
Aroundtown serves customers in Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aroundtown SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aroundtown SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aroundtown SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aroundtown SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Arrow Electronics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Arrow Electronics Inc 
Arrow Electronics, Inc. distributes electronic 
components and computer products to industrial 
and commercial customers. The company offers a 
variety of products including computer systems, 
peripherals, software, and mass storage products 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Arrow Electronics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Arrow Electronics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Arrow Electronics Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Arrow Electronics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
to original equipment manufacturers and 
commercial customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Arthur J Gallagher & Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Arthur J Gallagher & Co 
Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. and its subsidiaries 
provide insurance brokerage, risk management, 
employee benefit, and other related services to 
clients in the United States and abroad. The 
Company's principal activity is the negotiation and 
placement of insurance for its clients. Gallagher 
also specializes in furnishing risk management 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Arthur J Gallagher & Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Arthur J Gallagher & Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Arthur J Gallagher & Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Arthur J Gallagher & Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Asana Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Asana Inc 
Asana, Inc. provides a collaboration software. The 
company offers a web application that enables 
users to capture, plan, organize, and distribute 
tasks, as well as built-in email integration allows to 
create, assign, complete, comment, add 
attachments, and add followers to task. Asana 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Asana Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Asana Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Asana Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Asana Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ashland Global Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ashland Global Holdings 
Inc 
Ashland Global Holdings Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
produces and distributes a wide range of 
diversified chemicals and thermoplastic resins. 
Ashland Global Holdings serves construction, 
automotive, energy, and pharmaceutical sectors 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ashland Global Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ashland Global Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ashland Global Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ashland Global Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ashmore Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Ashmore Group PLC 
Ashmore Group plc is a specialist Emerging 
Markets asset manager which focuses on eight 
broad investment themes: external debt (primarily 
US Dollar), local currencies and local currency 
debt, corporate debt, blended debt, alternatives 
(special situations/infrastructure/real estate), 
public equities, overlay/liquidity and multi-
strategy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ashmore Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ashmore Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ashmore Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ashmore Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ashtead Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Ashtead Group PLC 
Ashtead Group Plc is an international equipment 
rental company servicing customers nationwide in 
the US and the UK. The company rents 
construction and industrial equipment. Ashtead 
generates approximately 85% of its revenue in the 
US through its subsidiary, Sunbelt Rentals with 
388 locations across the US. The group's UK 
business, A-Plant, has 106 locations nationwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ashtead Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ashtead Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ashtead Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ashtead Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ashtead Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Ashtead Group PLC 
Ashtead Group Plc is an international equipment 
rental company servicing customers nationwide in 
the US and the UK. The company rents 
construction and industrial equipment. Ashtead 
generates approximately 85% of its revenue in the 
US through its subsidiary, Sunbelt Rentals with 
388 locations across the US. The group's UK 
business, A-Plant, has 106 locations nationwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ashtead Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ashtead Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ashtead Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ashtead Group PLC Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 96 ---
96 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ASM International NV Index 
-1 
Short 
ASM International NV 
ASM International N.V. develops, manufactures, 
markets, and services machines used to produce 
semiconductors.  The company manufactures 
machines that process silicon wafers, and 
assemble and package semiconductors.  ASM 
operates in Europe, the United States, Japan, and 
elsewhere in Asia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ASM International NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ASM International NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ASM International NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ASM International NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ASML Holding NV Index 
-1 
Short 
ASML Holding NV 
ASML Holding N.V. develops, produces, and 
markets semiconductor manufacturing 
equipment, specifically machines for the 
production of chips through lithography. The 
company services clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ASML Holding NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ASML Holding NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ASML Holding NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ASML Holding NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ASML Holding NV Index 
-1 
Short 
ASML Holding NV 
ASML Holding N.V. develops, produces, and 
markets semiconductor manufacturing 
equipment, specifically machines for the 
production of chips through lithography. The 
company services clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ASML Holding NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ASML Holding NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ASML Holding NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ASML Holding NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aspen Technology Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Aspen Technology Inc 
Aspen Technology, Inc. supplies process 
optimization software products and services. The 
company's customers are in energy, chemicals, 
engineering and construction, and other industries 
that manufacture and produce products from a 
chemical process. Aspen Technology customers 
use the products to design and run their plants 
and manage their supply chains. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aspen Technology Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aspen Technology Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aspen Technology Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aspen Technology Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ASR Nederland NV Index 
-1 
Short 
ASR Nederland NV 
ASR Nederland N.V. is one of the largest insurance 
companies in the Netherlands. The company 
offers a wide range of financial products such as 
corporate and individual pensions and life, health, 
travel and leisure and funeral insurance. In 
addition, ASR Nederland offers savings and 
investment banking products and actively invest in 
property management and development. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ASR Nederland NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ASR Nederland NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ASR Nederland NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ASR Nederland NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Assa Abloy AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Assa Abloy AB 
ASSA ABLOY AB develops, designs, and 
manufactures a complete range of door opening 
solutions. The company markets mechanical and 
electromechanical locking solutions, access 
control systems, identification technology, 
entrance automation, security doors, and hotel 
security . 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Assa Abloy AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Assa Abloy AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Assa Abloy AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Assa Abloy AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Assicurazioni Generali SpA Index 
-1 
Short Assicurazioni Generali 
SpA 
Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. offers life and non-
life insurance and reinsurance throughout the 
world. The company offers life, health, accident, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Assicurazioni Generali SpA Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Assicurazioni Generali SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
automobile, marine, aviation, transport, fire, 
general liability, and credit insurance and 
reinsurance. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Assicurazioni Generali SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Assicurazioni Generali SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Associated British Foods PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Associated British Foods 
PLC 
Associated British Foods plc manufactures and 
retails food products. The company offers grocery, 
ingredients, sugar, and agricultural products. 
Associated British Foods serves customers 
globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Associated British Foods PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Associated British Foods PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Associated British Foods PLC 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Associated British Foods PLC 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Assurant Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Assurant Inc 
Assurant, Inc. provides housing and lifestyle 
solutions that supports, protects, and connects 
major consumer purchases. The company offers 
mobile device solutions, extended service 
contracts, and vehicle protection, as well as pre-
funded funeral, renters, and lender-placed 
homeowners insurance. Assurant serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Assurant Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Assurant Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Assurant Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Assurant Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Assured Guaranty Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Assured Guaranty Ltd 
Assured Guaranty Ltd. provides financial guaranty 
insurance and reinsurance coverage. The company 
offers products include guaranties for municipal, 
structured, and infrastructure finance. Assured 
Guaranty serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Assured Guaranty Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Assured Guaranty Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Assured Guaranty Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Assured Guaranty Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AstraZeneca PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
AstraZeneca PLC 
AstraZeneca PLC operates as a holding company. 
The company, through its subsidiaries, researches, 
manufactures, and sells pharmaceutical and 
medical products. AstraZeneca focuses its 
operations on eight therapeutic areas, including 
gastrointestinal, oncology, cardiovascular, 
respiratory, central nervous system, pain control, 
anaesthesia, and infection. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AstraZeneca PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AstraZeneca PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AstraZeneca PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AstraZeneca PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AT&T Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
AT&T Inc 
AT&T Inc. is a communications holding company. 
The company, through its subsidiaries and 
affiliates, provides local and long-distance phone 
service, wireless and data communications, 
Internet access and messaging, IP-based and 
satellite television, security services, 
telecommunications equipment, and directory 
advertising and publishing. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AT&T Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AT&T Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AT&T Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AT&T Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Atlantia SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Atlantia SpA

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Atlantia SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Atlantia SpA operates as an investment holding 
company, with a global presence in the motorway 
and airport infrastructure sector. The company 
offers mobility services in several countries. 
Atlantia manages toll motorways in Europe, the 
Americas and Asia, Fiumicino and Ciampino 
airports in Italy and airports in the Côte d'Azur in 
France. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Atlantia SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Atlantia SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Atlantia SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Atlas Copco AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Atlas Copco AB 
Atlas Copco AB is an international industrial group. 
The Company develops, manufactures, and 
markets compressed air equipment and 
treatment, vacuum solutions, mining equipment, 
generators, electric and pneumatic tools, and 
hybrid joining technologies and other assembly 
systems, as well as offers related equipment and 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Atlas Copco AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Atlas Copco AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Atlas Copco AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Atlas Copco AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Atlassian Corp PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Atlassian Corp PLC 
Atlassian Corporation Plc designs and develops 
enterprise software. The company offers project 
management, collaboration, issue tracking, 
integration, deployment, and support services. 
Atlassian conducts its business worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Atlassian Corp PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Atlassian Corp PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Atlassian Corp PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Atlassian Corp PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Atmos Energy Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Atmos Energy Corp 
Atmos Energy Corporation distributes natural gas 
to utility customers. The company's non-utility 
operations span various states and provide natural 
gas marketing and procurement services to large 
customers. Atmos Energy also manages company-
owned natural gas storage and pipeline assets, 
including an intrastate natural gas pipeline in 
Texas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Atmos Energy Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Atmos Energy Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Atmos Energy Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Atmos Energy Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Atos SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Atos SE 
Atos SE provides digital services. The company 
offers cyber security, data center, application, 
cloud solution, software, transformation, 
integrated systems, and automation, as well as 
information technology for games. Atos serves 
aerospace, automotive, banking, defense, 
insurance, media, transportation, energy, and 
sport industries worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Atos SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Atos SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Atos SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Atos SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Auto Trader Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Auto Trader Group PLC 
Auto Trader Group PLC operates as a digital 
automotive marketplace. The company's platform 
allows its users to buy and sell a range of vehicles, 
such as cars, trucks and vans. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Auto Trader Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Auto Trader Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Auto Trader Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Auto Trader Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Auto Trader Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Auto Trader Group PLC Auto Trader Group PLC operates as a digital 
automotive marketplace. The company's platform 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Auto Trader Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Auto Trader Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
allows its users to buy and sell a range of vehicles, 
such as cars, trucks and vans. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Auto Trader Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Auto Trader Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Auto1 Group SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Auto1 Group SE 
AUTO1 Group SE provides digital automotive 
platform. The company offers solutions to buy and 
sell used cars through established websites and 
apps. AUTO1 Group serves consumers and car 
dealers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Auto1 Group SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Auto1 Group SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Auto1 Group SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Auto1 Group SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Autodesk Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Autodesk Inc 
Autodesk, Inc. supplies PC software and 
multimedia tools. The company's two-dimensional 
and three-dimensional products are used across 
industries and in the home for architectural 
design, mechanical design, geographic information 
systems and mapping, and visualization 
applications. Autodesk's software products are 
sold worldwide through a network of dealers and 
distributors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Autodesk Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Autodesk Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Autodesk Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Autodesk Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Automatic Data Processing Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Automatic Data 
Processing Inc 
Automatic Data Processing, Inc. is a global 
provider of business outsourcing solutions. The 
company's services include a wide range of human 
resource, payroll, tax, and benefits administration 
solutions. Automatic Data also provides solutions 
to auto, truck, motorcycle, marine, and 
recreational vehicle dealers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Automatic Data Processing Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Automatic Data Processing Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Automatic Data Processing Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Automatic Data Processing Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AutoNation Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
AutoNation Inc 
AutoNation, Inc. retails automobiles. The company 
offers cars, trucks, pre-owned vehicles, auto parts, 
and accessories, as well as renders service 
contracts, auto financing, and repairing services. 
AutoNation operates in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AutoNation Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AutoNation Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AutoNation Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AutoNation Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AutoStore Holdings Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
AutoStore Holdings Ltd 
AutoStore Holdings Ltd. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides warehouse robot technology solutions 
which helps its customers to enable space saving 
and increase performance, while reducing labor 
and energy costs. AutoStore Holdings serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AutoStore Holdings Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AutoStore Holdings Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AutoStore Holdings Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AutoStore Holdings Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AutoZone Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
AutoZone Inc

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AutoZone Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
AutoZone, Inc. is a specialty retailer of automotive 
replacement parts and accessories. The company 
offers an extensive product line for cars, sport 
utility vehicles, vans, and light trucks, including 
new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, 
maintenance items, accessories, and non-
automotive products. Autozone operates in the 
United States, Puerto Rico, and Mexico. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AutoZone Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AutoZone Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AutoZone Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Avalara Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Avalara Inc 
Avalara, Inc. provides sales tax management 
solutions. The company offers a web-based 
solution to manage sales tax processes by 
integrating accounting and business applications 
that span all platforms, as well as consulting, 
training courses, and technical support services. 
Avalara serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Avalara Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Avalara Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Avalara Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Avalara Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AvalonBay Communities Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
AvalonBay Communities 
Inc 
AvalonBay Communities, Inc. is a real estate 
investment trust. The company develops, 
redevelops, acquires, owns, and operates 
multifamily communities in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AvalonBay Communities Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AvalonBay Communities Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AvalonBay Communities Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AvalonBay Communities Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Avangrid Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Avangrid Inc 
Avangrid, Inc. is a U.S. based diversified energy 
and utility company that provides clean energy. 
The company owns and operates electricity 
generation and natural gas storage utilities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Avangrid Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Avangrid Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Avangrid Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Avangrid Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Avantor Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Avantor Inc 
Avantor, Inc. manufactures and distributes 
chemicals, reagents, and laboratory supplies. The 
company offers amino acids, silicones, 
bioreagents, denaturants, gas, solvents, stains, 
dyes, and minerals. Avantor serves biopharma, 
healthcare, education and government, advanced 
technologies, life sciences, and applied materials 
industries worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Avantor Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Avantor Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Avantor Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Avantor Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Avanza Bank Holding AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Avanza Bank Holding AB 
Avanza Bank Holding AB is an independent online 
stockbroker in Scandinavia.  The company offers 
its members a range of financial services including 
stock trading, stock market information, and 
investment courses through its website. Avanza 
also offers brokerage services, administration of 
share issues, and stock buybacks services to its 
corporate and institutional clients. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Avanza Bank Holding AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Avanza Bank Holding AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Avanza Bank Holding AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Avanza Bank Holding AB Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 101 ---
101 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Avast PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Avast PLC 
Avast PLC operates as a cyber-security software 
company. The company designs and develops 
cloud-based security infrastructure solutions that 
offers desktop security and server protection 
services. Avast serves individuals and businesses 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Avast PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Avast PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Avast PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Avast PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Avaya Holdings Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Avaya Holdings Corp 
Avaya Holdings Corp. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
Avaya, Inc. provides business collaboration and 
communications software solutions. The Company 
offers unified communications, contact centers, 
real-time video, and collaboration services. Avaya 
serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Avaya Holdings Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Avaya Holdings Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Avaya Holdings Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Avaya Holdings Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Avery Dennison Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Avery Dennison Corp 
Avery Dennison Corporation produces pressure-
sensitive materials and a variety of tickets, tags, 
labels, and other converted products. The 
company's pressure sensitive products are used in 
labeling, decorating, and specialty applications. 
Avery Dennison's non-pressure sensitive products 
include tickets, tags, RFID inlays, and services for 
retailers, apparel manufacturers, and brand 
owners. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Avery Dennison Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Avery Dennison Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Avery Dennison Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Avery Dennison Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AVEVA Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
AVEVA Group PLC 
AVEVA Group PLC, a holding company, markets 
and develops computer software and services for 
engineering and related solutions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AVEVA Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AVEVA Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AVEVA Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AVEVA Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AVEVA Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
AVEVA Group PLC 
AVEVA Group PLC, a holding company, markets 
and develops computer software and services for 
engineering and related solutions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AVEVA Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AVEVA Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AVEVA Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AVEVA Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Avid Technology Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Avid Technology Inc 
Avid Technology, Inc. develops a variety of 
software and systems.The Company markets 
digital editing, newsroom computer systems, and 
digital audio systems. Avid serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Avid Technology Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Avid Technology Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Avid Technology Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Avid Technology Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aviva PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Aviva PLC 
Aviva PLC is an international insurance company 
that provides all classes of general and life 
assurance, including fire, motor, marine, aviation, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aviva PLC Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aviva PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
and transport insurance. The company also 
supplies a variety of financial services, including 
unit trusts, stockbroking, long-term savings, and 
fund management. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aviva PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aviva PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Aviva PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Aviva PLC 
Aviva PLC is an international insurance company 
that provides all classes of general and life 
assurance, including fire, motor, marine, aviation, 
and transport insurance. The company also 
supplies a variety of financial services, including 
unit trusts, stockbroking, long-term savings, and 
fund management. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Aviva PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Aviva PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Aviva PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Aviva PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Avnet Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Avnet Inc 
Avnet, Inc. distributes computer products and 
semiconductors, as well as interconnect, passive, 
and electromechanical components. The company 
markets and distributes these products and 
provides supply-chain integration, engineering 
design, and technical services. Avnet serves 
customers in countries around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Avnet Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Avnet Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Avnet Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Avnet Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AXA SA Index 
-1 
Short 
AXA SA 
AXA SA is an insurance company which also 
provides related financial services. The company 
offers life and non-life insurance, savings and 
pension products, and asset management 
services. AXA operates in both domestic and 
international markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AXA SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AXA SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AXA SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AXA SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Axalta Coating Systems Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Axalta Coating Systems 
Ltd 
Axalta Coating Systems Ltd. manufactures, 
markets, and distributes coating systems. The 
company offers products and services which 
includes paint, color matching tools, application 
technologies, and customer training and business 
management systems. Axalta Coating Systems 
serves automotive, transportation, general 
industrial, and architectural and decorative 
sectors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Axalta Coating Systems Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Axalta Coating Systems Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Axalta Coating Systems Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Axalta Coating Systems Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Axcelis Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Axcelis Technologies Inc 
Axcelis Technologies, Inc. produces components 
for the semiconductor industries. The company 
designs, manufactures, and services ion 
implantation, dry strip, thermal processing, and 
curing equipment used in the fabrication of 
semiconductor chips. Axcelis Technologies 
markets products to semiconductor chip 
manufacturers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Axcelis Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Axcelis Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Axcelis Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Axcelis Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Axis Capital Holdings Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Axis Capital Holdings Ltd 
AXIS Capital Holdings Limited operates as a 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, offers insurance covers for property, 
workers compensation, professional liability, 
casualty, and marine and aviation. AXIS Capital 
Holdings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Axis Capital Holdings Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Axis Capital Holdings Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Axis Capital Holdings Ltd Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 103 ---
103 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Axis Capital Holdings Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Axon Enterprise Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Axon Enterprise Inc 
Axon Enterprise, Inc. develops and manufactures 
security systems. The company offers law 
enforcement, military, and self defense solutions. 
Axon Enterprise serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Axon Enterprise Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Axon Enterprise Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Axon Enterprise Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Axon Enterprise Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short AZEK Co Inc/The Index 
-1 
Short 
AZEK Co Inc/The 
The AZEK Co Inc operates as an outdoor living 
products manufacturer. The company designs 
deck, rail, trim, and accessories. AZEK serves 
customers in the State of Illinois. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short AZEK Co Inc/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short AZEK Co Inc/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long AZEK Co Inc/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long AZEK Co Inc/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Azenta Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Azenta Inc 
Azenta Inc. provides life sciences solutions. The 
company offers cold-chain sample management 
solutions and genomic services across areas such 
as drug development, clinical research and 
advanced cell therapies. Azenta serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Azenta Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Azenta Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Azenta Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Azenta Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short B&M European Value Retail SA 
Index 
-1 
Short 
B&M European Value 
Retail SA 
B&M European Value Retail S.A. operates as a 
general merchandise discount retailer. The 
company sells products ranging electronics to 
home goods. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short B&M European Value Retail SA 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short B&M European Value Retail SA 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long B&M European Value Retail SA 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long B&M European Value Retail SA 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bachem Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Bachem Holding AG 
Bachem Holding AG manufactures ingredients for 
pharmaceuticals, generic drugs, and research 
supplies.  The company produces peptides and 
amino-acids for medications and laboratory 
research, and prescription medicines that are no 
longer patent protected.  Bachem sells its 
products to universities, and pharmaceutical and 
biotechnology companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bachem Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bachem Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bachem Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bachem Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Badger Meter Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Badger Meter Inc 
Badger Meter, Inc. manufactures and markets 
flow measurement and control products. The 
company's products are used to measure and 
control the flow of liquids and gases in a variety of 
applications. Badger's products include water 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Badger Meter Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Badger Meter Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Badger Meter Inc Index 
2 
Long 
meters and associated systems, wastewater 
meters, industrial process meters, automotive 
fluid meters, small valves, and natural gas 
instruments. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Badger Meter Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BAE Systems PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
BAE Systems PLC 
BAE Systems plc develops, delivers, and supports 
advanced defense and aerospace systems. The 
group manufactures military aircraft, surface 
ships, submarines, radar, avionics, 
communications, electronics, and guided weapon 
systems. BAE Systems services clients located 
throughout the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BAE Systems PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BAE Systems PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BAE Systems PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BAE Systems PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BAE Systems PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
BAE Systems PLC 
BAE Systems plc develops, delivers, and supports 
advanced defense and aerospace systems. The 
group manufactures military aircraft, surface 
ships, submarines, radar, avionics, 
communications, electronics, and guided weapon 
systems. BAE Systems services clients located 
throughout the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BAE Systems PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BAE Systems PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BAE Systems PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BAE Systems PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Baidu Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Baidu Inc 
Baidu, Inc. operates an Internet search engine. 
The company offers algorithmic search, enterprise 
search, news, MP3, and image searches, voice 
assistance, online storage, and navigation services. 
Baidu serves clients globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Baidu Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Baidu Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Baidu Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Baidu Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Baker Hughes Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Baker Hughes Co 
Baker Hughes Company provides oilfield products 
and services. The company engages in surface 
logging, drilling, pipeline operations, petroleum 
engineering, and fertilizer solutions, as well as 
offers gas turbines, valves, actuators, pumps, flow 
meters, generators, and motors. Baker Hughes 
serves oil and gas industries worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Baker Hughes Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Baker Hughes Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Baker Hughes Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Baker Hughes Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bakkafrost P/F Index 
-1 
Short 
Bakkafrost P/F 
Bakkafrost P/F operates a fish farm. The company 
offers a wide range of salmon products supplied 
by its own processing facilities. Bakkafrost 
provides fresh salmon to the fresh fish market, 
smokehouses and processors of ready meals, and 
frozen salmon portions vacuum packed in catering 
boxes or in retail boxes. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bakkafrost P/F Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bakkafrost P/F Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bakkafrost P/F Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bakkafrost P/F Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ball Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Ball Corp 
Ball Corporation provides metal packaging for 
beverages, foods, and household products. The 
company also supplies aerospace and other 
technologies and services to commercial and 
governmental customers. Ball serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ball Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ball Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ball Corp Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ball Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Baloise Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Baloise Holding AG 
Baloise Holding AG offers group and individual life, 
health, accident, liability property, and 
transportation insurance to customers in Europe.  
The company also offers private banking and asset 
management services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Baloise Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Baloise Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Baloise Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Baloise Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentari 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentari 
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. attracts 
deposits and offers retail, wholesale, and 
investment banking services. The bank offers 
consumer and mortgage loans, private banking, 
asset management, insurance, mutual funds, and 
securities brokerage services. Banco Bilbao 
Vizcaya Argentaria operates in Europe, Latin 
America, United States, China, and Turkey. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentari 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentari 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentari 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentari 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Banco BPM SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Banco BPM SpA 
Banco BPM S.p.A. operates as a bank. The bank 
offers private and corporate banking, loans, e-
banking, investment, and other related services. 
Banco BPM serves customers in Italy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Banco BPM SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Banco BPM SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Banco BPM SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Banco BPM SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Banco de Sabadell SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Banco de Sabadell SA 
Banco de Sabadell SA attracts deposits and offers 
commercial banking services. The bank offers 
mortgage, consumer, student, and building 
improvement loans, private banking services, and 
insurance, and sponsors Visa credit cards. The 
bank operates branches throughout Spain, 
elsewhere in Europe, the Caribbean, the Americas, 
and Asia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Banco de Sabadell SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Banco de Sabadell SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Banco de Sabadell SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Banco de Sabadell SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Banco Santander SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Banco Santander SA 
Banco Santander S.A. attracts deposits and offers 
retail, commercial and private banking, and asset 
management services. The bank offers consumer 
credit, mortgage loans, lease financing, factoring, 
mutual funds, pension funds, insurance, 
commercial credit, investment banking services, 
structured finance, and advice on mergers and 
acquisitions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Banco Santander SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Banco Santander SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Banco Santander SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Banco Santander SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Banco Santander SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Banco Santander SA 
Banco Santander S.A. attracts deposits and offers 
retail, commercial and private banking, and asset 
management services. The bank offers consumer 
credit, mortgage loans, lease financing, factoring, 
mutual funds, pension funds, insurance, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Banco Santander SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Banco Santander SA Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 106 ---
106 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Banco Santander SA Index 
2 
Long 
commercial credit, investment banking services, 
structured finance, and advice on mergers and 
acquisitions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Banco Santander SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bank of America Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Bank of America Corp 
Bank of America Corporation operates as a 
financial holding company. The company offers 
saving accounts, deposits, mortgage and 
construction loans, cash and wealth management, 
certificates of deposit, investment funds, credit 
and debit cards, insurance, mobile, and online 
banking services. Bank of America serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bank of America Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bank of America Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bank of America Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bank of America Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bank of Hawaii Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Bank of Hawaii Corp 
Bank of Hawaii Corporation is a regional financial 
services holding company with locations 
throughout the Pacific. The company and its 
subsidiaries offers a wide range of financial 
services to businesses, governments, and 
individuals in Hawaii, the West Pacific, and 
American Samoa. Bank of Hawaii provides services 
such as commercial banking, investment and trust 
services, and mortgages. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bank of Hawaii Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bank of Hawaii Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bank of Hawaii Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bank of Hawaii Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bank of Ireland Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Bank of Ireland Group 
PLC 
Bank of Ireland Group Public Limited Company 
offers banking services. The bank provides 
business loans, home insurance, mortgages, credit 
and debit card processing, online banking, 
investment consulting, fixed deposits, credit 
unions, check collection, payroll, cash 
management, and other banking services. Bank of 
Ireland Group serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bank of Ireland Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bank of Ireland Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bank of Ireland Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bank of Ireland Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bank of New York Mellon Corp/T 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Bank of New York Mellon 
Corp/T 
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (BNY 
Mellon) is a global financial services company. The 
company provides asset and wealth management, 
asset servicing, issuer, clearing, and treasury 
services for institutions, corporations, and high 
net worth individuals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bank of New York Mellon Corp/T 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bank of New York Mellon Corp/T 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bank of New York Mellon Corp/T 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bank of New York Mellon Corp/T 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bank OZK Index 
-1 
Short 
Bank OZK 
Bank OZK operates as a full-service bank. The bank 
offers financial products and services such as 
savings accounts, personal and business loans, 
debit and credit cards, letter of credit, certificate 
of deposits, mortgages, equipment financing, cash 
management, and online banking services. Bank 
OZK serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bank OZK Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bank OZK Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bank OZK Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bank OZK Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bank Polska Kasa Opieki SA Index 
-1 
Short

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bank Polska Kasa Opieki SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Bank Polska Kasa Opieki 
SA 
Bank Polska Kasa Opieki SA (Bank Pekao SA) 
attracts deposits and offers commercial, retail, 
and investment banking services. The bank 
provides mortgages, consumer and business 
loans, debit and credit cards, custody, factoring, 
lease financing, private banking, asset 
management, and securities brokerage services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bank Polska Kasa Opieki SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bank Polska Kasa Opieki SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bank Polska Kasa Opieki SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bankinter SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Bankinter SA 
Bankinter SA provides banking services. The Bank 
offers mortgage loans, accounts, pension funds, 
life insurance, lease financing, credit cards, mutual 
funds, online stock brokerage, private banking, 
and internet banking services. Bankinter serves 
customers in Spain. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bankinter SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bankinter SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bankinter SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bankinter SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Barclays PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Barclays PLC 
Barclays PLC is a global financial services provider 
engaged in retail banking, credit cards, wholesale 
banking, investment banking, wealth 
management, and investment management 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Barclays PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Barclays PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Barclays PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Barclays PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Barratt Developments PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Barratt Developments 
PLC 
Barratt Developments plc develops and builds 
properties. The group's UK operations include the 
building of houses and housing complexes, 
general building and civil engineering services, 
participation in urban renewal and the 
development of commercial properties. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Barratt Developments PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Barratt Developments PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Barratt Developments PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Barratt Developments PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Barry Callebaut AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Barry Callebaut AG 
Barry Callebaut AG manufactures cocoa and 
chocolate products. The company markets to 
industrial food manufacturers, chocolatiers, pastry 
chefs, bakers, and retailers globally.  Barry 
Callebaut also offers product development, 
processing, training, and marketing services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Barry Callebaut AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Barry Callebaut AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Barry Callebaut AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Barry Callebaut AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BASF SE Index 
-1 
Short 
BASF SE 
BASF SE is a chemical company. The company 
operates in six segments, including chemicals, 
plastics, performance products, functional 
solutions, agricultural solutions, and oil and gas. 
BASF offers products for the chemical, 
automotive, construction, agriculture, oil, plastics, 
electrical, electronics, furniture, and paper 
industries, and provides a range of system 
solutions and services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BASF SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BASF SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BASF SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BASF SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bath & Body Works Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Bath & Body Works Inc Bath & Body Works Inc. manufactures personal 
care products. The company offers fragrance, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bath & Body Works Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 108 ---
108 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bath & Body Works Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
gifts, body care, and bath products. Bath & Body 
Works serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bath & Body Works Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bath & Body Works Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BAWAG Group AG Index 
-1 
Short 
BAWAG Group AG 
BAWAG Group AG operates as a bank holding. The 
bank, through its subsidiaries, offers financial 
products and services which includes retail 
banking, corporate lending, and direct banking, as 
well as distributes a range of insurance, 
investment, and other financial products. BAWAG 
Group serves customers in Austria. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BAWAG Group AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BAWAG Group AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BAWAG Group AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BAWAG Group AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Baxter International Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Baxter International Inc 
Baxter International Inc. develops, manufactures, 
and markets products and technologies related to 
hemophilia, immune disorders, infectious 
diseases, kidney disease, trauma and other 
chronic and acute medical conditions. The 
company's products are used by hospitals, kidney 
dialysis centers, nursing homes, rehabilitation 
centers, doctors' offices, and research 
laboratories. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Baxter International Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Baxter International Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Baxter International Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Baxter International Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bayer AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Bayer AG 
Bayer AG produces and markets healthcare and 
agricultural products. The company manufactures 
products that include aspirin, antibiotics, anti-
infectives, cardiovascular, oncology, central 
nervous system drugs, over-the-counter 
medications, diagnostics, and animal health 
products, as well as crop protection products, 
plastics, and polyurethanes. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bayer AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bayer AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bayer AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bayer AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bayerische Motoren Werke AG 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Bayerische Motoren 
Werke AG 
Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft 
(BMW) manufactures and sells cars and 
motorcycles. The company offers convertible 
sports cars, sedans, and touring motorcycles with 
large displacement engines. BMW serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bayerische Motoren Werke AG 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bayerische Motoren Werke AG 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bayerische Motoren Werke AG 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bayerische Motoren Werke AG 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BE Semiconductor Industries NV 
Index 
-1 
Short 
BE Semiconductor 
Industries NV 
BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. produces 
integrated semiconductor assembly equipment.  
The company designs, develops, manufactures, 
markets, and services machines that manufacture 
semiconductor packages, which provide the 
connection between the chip and other electronic 
components and protect the chip.  BE also 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BE Semiconductor Industries NV 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BE Semiconductor Industries NV 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BE Semiconductor Industries NV 
Index 
2 
Long 
produces automated molding and plating 
machines, and manufactures leadframes. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BE Semiconductor Industries NV 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Beam Therapeutics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Beam Therapeutics Inc 
Beam Therapeutics Inc. operates as a 
biotechnology company. The company develops 
DNA base editing technologies for the treatment 
of human diseases. Beam Therapeutics serves 
customers in the State of Massachusetts. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Beam Therapeutics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Beam Therapeutics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Beam Therapeutics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Beam Therapeutics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Beazley PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Beazley PLC 
Beazley PLC is a holding company of specialist 
insurance businesses.  The company offers 
professional indemnity, property, marine, 
reinsurance, accident and life, and political risks 
and contingency insurance services.  Beazley 
operates in Europe, the United States, and the 
Pacific region. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Beazley PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Beazley PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Beazley PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Beazley PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bechtle AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Bechtle AG 
Bechtle AG retails computer and office supplies.  
The company markets personal computers, 
workstations, computer peripherals, mobile 
devices, computer software, computer networking 
products, presentation equipment, paper, 
computer consumables, office furniture, and 
telecommunications equipment.  Bechtle sells its 
products through its catalog and Internet website. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bechtle AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bechtle AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bechtle AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bechtle AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Becton Dickinson and Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Becton Dickinson and Co 
Becton, Dickinson and Company is a global 
medical technology company engaged principally 
in the development, manufacture, and sale of 
medical devices, instrument systems, and 
reagents used by healthcare institutions, life 
science researchers, clinical laboratories, the 
pharmaceutical industry, and the general public. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Becton Dickinson and Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Becton Dickinson and Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Becton Dickinson and Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Becton Dickinson and Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Beiersdorf AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Beiersdorf AG 
Beiersdorf AG develops, manufactures, and 
markets personal care, disposable medical, and 
adhesive products. The company produces skin 
and hair care products, bandages, surgical gloves, 
compression stockings, sun block lotion, fastening 
systems, masking products, and packaging 
systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Beiersdorf AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Beiersdorf AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Beiersdorf AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Beiersdorf AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Beijer Ref AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Beijer Ref AB 
Beijer Ref AB, through subsidiaries, manufactures 
cooling and heating systems, and is a supplier of 
raw materials, industrial equipment, tools, and 
parts.  The company's product range includes 
rubber and plastic products, packing materials, as 
well as air conditioning and refrigeration systems.  
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Beijer Ref AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Beijer Ref AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Beijer Ref AB Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Beijer Ref AB Index 
3 
Long 
Beijer operates and sells its products to large 
industrial companies in northern Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Belden Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Belden Inc 
Belden Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets 
cable, connectivity, and networking products. The 
company produces and sells a portfolio of cable, 
connectivity, and networking products into a 
variety of end markets, including industrial, 
enterprise, broadcast, and consumer electronics. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Belden Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Belden Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Belden Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Belden Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Belimo Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Belimo Holding AG 
Belimo Holding AG manufactures heating, 
ventilation and air conditioning equipment 
(HVAC).  The company develops and manufactures 
damper actuators for general purposes, special 
motorized fire and smoke dampers and air-volume 
controls for HVAC systems.  Belimo offers sales 
and consulting services worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Belimo Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Belimo Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Belimo Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Belimo Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bellway PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Bellway PLC 
Bellway p.l.c. is a holding company whose 
subsidiaries build residential houses and conduct 
associated trading activities. The subsidiaries build 
starter or first time buyer homes, featuring two 
and three bedroom semi-detached houses, 
apartments and terraced houses. The Company 
operates in England, Wales and Scotland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bellway PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bellway PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bellway PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bellway PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Benchmark Electronics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Benchmark Electronics 
Inc 
Benchmark Electronics, Inc. provides contract 
electronics manufacturing and design services. 
The company serves original equipment 
manufacturers of medical devices, industrial 
control equipment, testing and instrumentation 
products, and telecommunications equipment. 
Benchmark also offers product design, printed 
circuit board layout, prototyping and test 
development services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Benchmark Electronics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Benchmark Electronics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Benchmark Electronics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Benchmark Electronics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bentley Systems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Bentley Systems Inc 
Bentley Systems, Incorporated provides software 
solutions. The company offers software for bridge 
analysis, construction, simulation and analysis, 
modeling, and geotechnical engineering. Bentley 
Systems serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bentley Systems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bentley Systems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bentley Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bentley Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Berkeley Group Holdings PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Berkeley Group Holdings 
PLC 
The Berkeley Group Holdings PLC is a residential 
and commercial property development company 
focusing on urban regeneration and mixed-use 
developments. The company purchases and 
develops land, in addition to constructing homes, 
and apartment complexes throughout the South 
of England, the Midlands, and the North West. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Berkeley Group Holdings PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Berkeley Group Holdings PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 111 ---
111 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Berkeley Group Holdings PLC 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Berkeley Group Holdings PLC 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Berkeley Lights Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Berkeley Lights Inc 
Berkeley Lights, Inc. operates as a biotechnology 
company. The company provides technology 
solutions for single cell manipulation for 
biopharma, diagnostics, and life science research. 
Berkeley Lights serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Berkeley Lights Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Berkeley Lights Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Berkeley Lights Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Berkeley Lights Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Berkshire Hathaway Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Berkshire Hathaway Inc 
Berkshire Hathaway Inc. is a holding company 
owning subsidiaries in a variety of business 
sectors. The company's principal operations are 
insurance business conducted nationwide on a 
primary basis and worldwide on a reinsurance 
basis. Berkshire's other operations include a 
railway company, a specialty chemical company, 
and an international association of diversified 
businesses. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Berkshire Hathaway Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Berkshire Hathaway Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Berkshire Hathaway Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Berkshire Hathaway Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Berry Global Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Berry Global Group Inc 
Berry Global Group, Inc. manufactures plastic 
products and containers. The company produces 
plastic films, medical specialties, closures, 
overcaps, tapes, tubes, bottles, drink cups, lids, 
and trash bags. Berry Global Group serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Berry Global Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Berry Global Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Berry Global Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Berry Global Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Best Buy Co Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Best Buy Co Inc 
Best Buy Co., Inc. retails consumer electronics, 
home office products, entertainment software, 
appliances, and related services through its retail 
stores, as well as its web site. The company also 
retails pre-recorded home entertainment 
products through retail stores. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Best Buy Co Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Best Buy Co Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Best Buy Co Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Best Buy Co Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Beyond Meat Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Beyond Meat Inc 
Beyond Meat Inc. develops plant based protein 
food products. The company offers burgers, 
sausage, crumbles, strips, and other related 
products. Beyond Meat serves customers in the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Beyond Meat Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Beyond Meat Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Beyond Meat Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Beyond Meat Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Big Yellow Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Big Yellow Group PLC 
Big Yellow Group PLC operates a self-storage 
company, which has a number of locations in 
London and the South of England. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Big Yellow Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Big Yellow Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 112 ---
112 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Big Yellow Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Big Yellow Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BigCommerce Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
BigCommerce Holdings 
Inc 
BigCommerce Holdings, Inc. operates as a 
software company. The company offers SaaS 
platform for cross-channel commerce and cloud-
based e-commerce solution that scales with 
business growth. BigCommerce Holdings serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BigCommerce Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BigCommerce Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BigCommerce Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BigCommerce Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bill.com Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Bill.com Holdings Inc 
Bill.Com Holdings, Inc. provides infrastructure 
software. The company offers cloud-based 
applications for simplifying, digitizing, and 
automating back-office financial processes for 
small and mid-sized businesses. Bill.Com Holdings 
serves customers in the State of California. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bill.com Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bill.com Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bill.com Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bill.com Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BillerudKorsnas AB Index 
-1 
Short 
BillerudKorsnas AB 
BillerudKorsnas AB offers primary fibre-based 
renewable packaging materials and packaging 
solutions used for consumer packaging and 
industrial purposes. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BillerudKorsnas AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BillerudKorsnas AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BillerudKorsnas AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BillerudKorsnas AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Biogen Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Biogen Inc 
Biogen Inc. develops, manufactures, and 
commercializes therapies, focusing on neurology, 
oncology, and immunology. The company 
products address diseases such as multiple 
sclerosis, non-hodgkin's lymphoma, rheumatoid 
arthritis, crohn's disease, and psoriasis. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Biogen Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Biogen Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Biogen Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Biogen Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
BioMarin Pharmaceutical 
Inc 
BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. develops and 
commercializes therapeutic enzyme products. The 
company has applied its proprietary enzyme 
technology to develop products for lysosomal 
storage diseases and for the treatment of serious 
burns. BioMarin Pharmaceutical through its 
subsidiaries provides analytical and diagnostic 
products and services in the area of carbohydrate 
biology. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BioMerieux Index 
-1 
Short 
BioMerieux 
BioMerieux designs, develops, manufactures, and 
markets systems in the field of in vitro diagnostics 
for medical and industrial applications. The 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BioMerieux Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BioMerieux Index 
-3 
Short 
company is specialized in the diagnosis of 
infectious diseases and pathologies. BioMerieux is 
also active in the analysis of food, pharmaceuticals 
and environmental samples to determine their 
microbiological quality. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BioMerieux Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BioMerieux Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc 
Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. operates a chain of 
laboratories. The company manufacturers and 
distributes life science research products, clinical 
diagnostics, and analytical instrumentation. Bio-
Rad Laboratories products and systems separate 
complex chemical and biological materials, as well 
as identify, analyze, and purify their components. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bio-Rad Laboratories Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bio-Techne Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Bio-Techne Corp 
Bio-Techne Corp develops, manufactures and sells 
biotechnology products and clinical diagnostic 
controls. The Company specializes in proteins, 
cytokines, growth factors, immunoassays and 
small molecules. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bio-Techne Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bio-Techne Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bio-Techne Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bio-Techne Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Black Knight Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Black Knight Inc 
Black Knight, Inc. operates as a holding company. 
The company, through its subsidiaries, provides 
integrated technology, work flow automation, 
data, and analytic solutions to the mortgage and 
real estate industries. Black Knight serves clients in 
the United States and India. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Black Knight Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Black Knight Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Black Knight Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Black Knight Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Blackbaud Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Blackbaud Inc 
Blackbaud, Inc. provides software and related 
services designed specifically for non-profit 
organizations. The company's products and 
services enable non-profit organizations to 
increase donations, reduce fundraising costs, 
improve communication with constituents, 
manage their finances, and optimize internal 
operations. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Blackbaud Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Blackbaud Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Blackbaud Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Blackbaud Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Blackline Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Blackline Inc 
BlackLine, Inc. develops and markets enterprise 
software. The company offers cloud-based 
software that automates and manages complex, 
manual, and repetitive accounting processes. 
BlackLine serves customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Blackline Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Blackline Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Blackline Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Blackline Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BlackRock Cash Funds - Treasur 
Index 
-1 
Short BlackRock Cash Funds - 
Treasur 
BlackRock Cash Funds - Treasury aims to provide 
investors with a high level of income consistent 
with liquidity and the preservation of capital by 
investing at least 99.5% of its total assets in cash, 
U.S. Treasury bills, notes and other direct 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BlackRock Cash Funds - Treasur 
Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BlackRock Cash Funds - Treasur 
Index 
-3 
Short 
obligations of the U.S. Treasury, and repurchase 
agreements secured by such obligations or cash. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BlackRock Cash Funds - Treasur 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BlackRock Cash Funds - Treasur 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BlackRock Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
BlackRock Inc 
BlackRock, Inc. provides investment management 
services to institutional clients and to retail 
investors through various investment vehicles. The 
company manages funds, as well as offers risk 
management services. BlackRock serves 
governments, companies, and foundations 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BlackRock Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BlackRock Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BlackRock Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BlackRock Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Blackstone Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Blackstone Inc 
Blackstone Inc. operates as an investment 
company. The company focuses on real estate, 
hedge funds, private equity, leveraged lending, 
senior debts, and rescue financing. Blackstone 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Blackstone Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Blackstone Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Blackstone Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Blackstone Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Block Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Block Inc 
Block Inc provides mobile payment solutions. The 
company develops point-of-sale software that 
helps in digital receipts, inventory, and sales 
reports, as well as offers analytics and feedback. 
Block also provides financial and marketing 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Block Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Block Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Block Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Block Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BNP Paribas SA Index 
-1 
Short 
BNP Paribas SA 
BNP Paribas SA attracts deposits and offers 
commercial, retail, investment, and private and 
corporate banking services. The bank also 
provides asset management and investment 
advisory services to institutions and individuals in 
Europe, the United States, Asia, and the emerging 
markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BNP Paribas SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BNP Paribas SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BNP Paribas SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BNP Paribas SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Boeing Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Boeing Co/The 
The Boeing Company, together with its 
subsidiaries, develops, produces, and markets 
commercial jet aircraft, as well as provides related 
support services to the commercial airline industry 
worldwide. The company also researches, 
develops, produces, modifies, and supports 
information, space, and defense systems, 
including military aircraft, helicopters and space 
and missile systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Boeing Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Boeing Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Boeing Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Boeing Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BOK Financial Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
BOK Financial Corp 
BOK Financial Corporation is a multi-bank holding 
company. The banks provide a range of deposit 
products, loans, and other financial services to 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BOK Financial Corp Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BOK Financial Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
businesses and consumers through offices and the 
Internet. BOK also offers trust services, electronic 
funds transfer services, online insurance, and 
other online services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BOK Financial Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BOK Financial Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Boliden AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Boliden AB 
Boliden AB mines, processes and sells metals and 
mineral products, primarily zinc and copper.  
Other products include gold, lead, silver, and 
sulfuric acid. The company has mining and milling 
operations in Europe, and smelting and refining 
operations in Sweden, Finland and Norway. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Boliden AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Boliden AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Boliden AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Boliden AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bollore SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Bollore SA 
Bollore operates as a holding company. The 
company offers transportation, logistics, 
communications, and electricity and storage 
solutions, as well as manages a portfolio of 
communication and agricultural sector which 
includes oil palm and rubber trees plantations, 
video game console supplies, and manufacturing 
of steel tubes. Bollore serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bollore SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bollore SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bollore SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bollore SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Booking Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Booking Holdings Inc 
Booking Holdings Inc. operates as an online travel 
company. The company offers a platform that 
allows to make travel reservations with providers 
of travel services, as well as provides 
accommodation reservations, rentals cars, airline 
tickets, and vacation packages. Booking Holdings 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Booking Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Booking Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Booking Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Booking Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Co 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Booz Allen Hamilton 
Holding Co 
Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation provides 
management and technology consulting services 
to the U.S. government in the defense, 
intelligence, and civil markets. The company offers 
economic and business analysis, information 
technology, intelligence and operations analysis, 
modeling and simulation, organization, and other 
consulting services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Co 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Co 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Co 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Co 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BorgWarner Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
BorgWarner Inc 
BorgWarner, Inc. supplies engineered systems and 
components, primarily for automotive powertrain 
applications. The company's products are 
manufactured and sold worldwide, primarily to 
original equipment manufacturers of passenger 
cars, sport utility vehicles, and light trucks. 
BorgWarner operates manufacturing facilities in 
North America, Europe, and Asia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BorgWarner Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BorgWarner Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BorgWarner Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BorgWarner Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Boston Beer Co Inc/The Index 
-1 
Short Boston Beer Co Inc/The

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Boston Beer Co Inc/The Index 
-2 
Short 
The Boston Beer Company, Inc. produces a variety 
of craft-brewed beers and cider products at 
various contract breweries and Company-owned 
breweries. The company sells its products under 
brand names such as Boston Beer Company, 
Oregon Beer and Brewing Company, Samuel 
Adams, and HardCore. Boston Beer sells its 
products to a network of wholesale distributors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Boston Beer Co Inc/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Boston Beer Co Inc/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Boston Beer Co Inc/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Boston Properties Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Boston Properties Inc 
Boston Properties, Inc. operates as a real estate 
investment trust. The company owns, manages, 
and develops office properties in the United 
States, with a significant presence in Boston, 
Washington, D.C., Midtown Manhattan, and San 
Francisco. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Boston Properties Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Boston Properties Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Boston Properties Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Boston Properties Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Boston Scientific Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Boston Scientific Corp 
Boston Scientific Corporation develops, 
manufactures, and markets minimally invasive 
medical devices. The company's products are used 
in interventional cardiology, cardiac rhythm 
management, peripheral interventions, 
electrophysiology, neurovascular intervention, 
endoscopy, urology, gynecology, and 
neuromodulation. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Boston Scientific Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Boston Scientific Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Boston Scientific Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Boston Scientific Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bottomline Technologies DE Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Bottomline Technologies 
DE Inc 
Bottomline Technologies (DE), Inc. provides 
collaborative payment, invoice, and document 
automation solutions to corporations, financial 
institutions, and banks worldwide. The company's 
solutions are used to streamline, automate, and 
manage processes involving payments, invoicing, 
global cash management, supply chain finance, 
and transactional documents. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bottomline Technologies DE Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bottomline Technologies DE Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bottomline Technologies DE Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bottomline Technologies DE Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bouygues SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Bouygues SA 
Bouygues SA offers construction services, 
develops real estate, offers cellular 
communications services, produces television 
programming and movies, and manages utilities. 
The company offers building, civil engineering, 
and oil and gas contracting services, develops 
residential, commercial, and office projects, 
produces and distributes water and electricity, 
and collects waste. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bouygues SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bouygues SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bouygues SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bouygues SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Box Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Box Inc 
Box, Inc. develops Internet applications software. 
The company operates a content sharing platform 
that enables users to share, access, and manage 
content in the cloud, as well as provides mobile 
access, file storage, and online collaboration 
solutions. Box serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Box Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Box Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Box Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Box Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Boyd Gaming Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Boyd Gaming Corp 
Boyd Gaming Corporation owns and operates 
several gaming properties throughout the United 
States. The company also operates entertainment, 
restaurants, shopping, and recreational facilities 
on its properties. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Boyd Gaming Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Boyd Gaming Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Boyd Gaming Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Boyd Gaming Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BP PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
BP PLC 
BP p.l.c is an oil and petrochemicals company. The 
company explores for and produces oil and 
natural gas, refines, markets, and supplies 
petroleum products, generates solar energy, and 
manufactures and markets chemicals. BP's 
chemicals include terephthalic acid, acetic acid, 
acrylonitrile, ethylene, and polyethylene. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BP PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BP PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BP PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BP PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Brenntag SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Brenntag SE 
Brenntag SE sells and distributes industrial and 
specialty chemicals. The company also develops 
and prepares specific chemical compounds and 
offers analysis services. Brenntag's customers 
includes oil and gas, paint, cosmetic, 
pharmaceutical, and water treatment companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Brenntag SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Brenntag SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Brenntag SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Brenntag SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bridgepoint Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Bridgepoint Group PLC 
Bridgepoint Group plc operates as a private equity 
firm. The company specializes in in private equity 
and private credit, and invests in principal sectors 
including business services, consumer, financial 
services, healthcare, advanced industrials, and 
technology. Bridgepoint Group serves clients 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bridgepoint Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bridgepoint Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bridgepoint Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bridgepoint Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bright Horizons Family Solutio 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Bright Horizons Family 
Solutio 
Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. provides 
child care and early education services as well as 
other services designed to help employers and 
families better address the challenges of work and 
life. The company provides services primarily 
under multi-year contracts with employers who 
offer child care and other dependent care 
solutions as part of their employee benefits 
packages. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bright Horizons Family Solutio 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bright Horizons Family Solutio 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bright Horizons Family Solutio 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bright Horizons Family Solutio 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Brighthouse Financial Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Brighthouse Financial Inc 
Brighthouse Financial, Inc. provides insurance and 
investment management services. The company 
offers shield, variable, guaranteed, income, and 
fixed annuities, as well as life insurance, 
retirement planning, and financial advisory 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Brighthouse Financial Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Brighthouse Financial Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 118 ---
118 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Brighthouse Financial Inc Index 
2 
Long 
services. Brighthouse Financial serves customers 
in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Brighthouse Financial Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Company is a global 
biopharmaceutical company. The company 
develops, licenses, manufactures, markets, and 
sells pharmaceutical and nutritional products. 
Bristol Myers Squibb focuses on products and 
experimental therapies address cancer, heart 
disease, HIV and AIDS, diabetes, rheumatoid 
arthritis, hepatitis, organ transplant rejection, and 
psychiatric disorders. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bristol-Myers Squibb Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short British American Tobacco PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
British American Tobacco 
PLC 
British American Tobacco P.L.C. operates as a 
holding company for a group of companies that 
manufactures, markets, and sells cigarettes and 
other tobacco products including cigars and roll-
your-own tobacco. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short British American Tobacco PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short British American Tobacco PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long British American Tobacco PLC 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long British American Tobacco PLC 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short British American Tobacco PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
British American Tobacco 
PLC 
British American Tobacco P.L.C. operates as a 
holding company for a group of companies that 
manufactures, markets, and sells cigarettes and 
other tobacco products including cigars and roll-
your-own tobacco. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short British American Tobacco PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short British American Tobacco PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long British American Tobacco PLC 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long British American Tobacco PLC 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short British Land Co PLC/The Index 
-1 
Short 
British Land Co PLC/The 
The British Land Company PLC invests, both 
directly and through joint ventures, in income-
producing and freehold commercial properties in 
order to maximize their growth and potential. The 
company trades, finances, and develops 
properties. Their portfolio consists of offices, retail 
superstores, shopping centers, leisure, industrial, 
and distribution spaces. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short British Land Co PLC/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short British Land Co PLC/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long British Land Co PLC/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long British Land Co PLC/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Britvic PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Britvic PLC 
Britvic Plc supplies a wide range of soft drinks. The 
company manufactures and markets its own 
brand of soft drinks as well as supplies drinks 
manufactured by other companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Britvic PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Britvic PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Britvic PLC Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Britvic PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Brixmor Property Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Brixmor Property Group 
Inc 
Brixmor Property Group, Inc. operates as a real 
estate investment trust. The company owns and 
operates grocery-anchored community and 
neighborhood shopping centers. Brixmor Property 
Group serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Brixmor Property Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Brixmor Property Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Brixmor Property Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Brixmor Property Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Broadcom Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Broadcom Inc 
Broadcom Inc. designs, develops, and markets 
digital and analog semiconductors. The company 
offers wireless RF components, storage adapters, 
controllers, networking processors, switches, fiber 
optic modules, motion control encoders, and 
optical sensors. Broadcom markets its products 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Broadcom Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Broadcom Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Broadcom Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Broadcom Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Broadridge Financial Solutions 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Broadridge Financial 
Solutions 
Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. provides 
technology-based outsourcing solutions to the 
financial services industries. The company offers a 
broad range of solutions that help clients serve 
their retail and institutional customers across the 
entire investment lifecycle, including pre-trade, 
trade, and post-trade processing. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Broadridge Financial Solutions 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Broadridge Financial Solutions 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Broadridge Financial Solutions 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Broadridge Financial Solutions 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Brookfield Renewable Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Brookfield Renewable 
Corp 
Brookfield Renewable Corporation operates as an 
investment company. The company focuses on 
investing in real estate, infrastructure, renewable 
power, and private equity sectors. Brookfield 
Renewable develops and manages assets and 
businesses worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Brookfield Renewable Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Brookfield Renewable Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Brookfield Renewable Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Brookfield Renewable Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Brown & Brown Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Brown & Brown Inc 
Brown & Brown, Inc. and its subsidiaries provide a 
range of insurance and reinsurance products and 
services. The company also provides risk 
management, employee benefit administration, 
and managed health care services. Brown & 
Brown operates offices across the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Brown & Brown Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Brown & Brown Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Brown & Brown Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Brown & Brown Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Brown-Forman Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Brown-Forman Corp 
Brown-Forman Corporation manufactures, 
bottles, imports, exports, and markets a wide 
variety of alcoholic beverage brands. The 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Brown-Forman Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Brown-Forman Corp Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Brown-Forman Corp Index 
2 
Long 
company's products include branded whiskey, 
vodka, wines, tequila, bourbon, and gin. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Brown-Forman Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Brown-Forman Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Brown-Forman Corp 
Brown-Forman Corporation manufactures, 
bottles, imports, exports, and markets a wide 
variety of alcoholic beverage brands. The 
company's products include branded whiskey, 
vodka, wines, tequila, bourbon, and gin. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Brown-Forman Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Brown-Forman Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Brown-Forman Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Brown-Forman Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bruker Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Bruker Corp 
Bruker Corporation designs, manufactures, and 
markets proprietary life science systems based on 
spectrometry technology platforms. The company 
also sells a range of field analytical systems for 
substance detection and pathogen identification. 
Bruker develops life science and advanced 
materials research tools based on X-ray 
technology. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bruker Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bruker Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bruker Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bruker Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Brunswick Corp/DE Index 
-1 
Short 
Brunswick Corp/DE 
Brunswick Corporation manufactures consumer 
products serving the outdoor and indoor active 
recreation markets. The company's products 
include sterndrives, outboard, and inboard marine 
engines, fitness, billiards, and bowling equipment. 
Brunswick also manufactures pleasure, fishing, 
and high performance boats. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Brunswick Corp/DE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Brunswick Corp/DE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Brunswick Corp/DE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Brunswick Corp/DE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BT Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
BT Group PLC 
BT Group PLC provides communication services 
and solutions. The company offers networked IT 
solutions, local, national, and international 
telecommunications services for use at home, 
work, and on the move, broadband, TV, and 
Internet products. BT Group serves clients 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BT Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BT Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BT Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BT Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BT Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
BT Group PLC 
BT Group PLC provides communication services 
and solutions. The company offers networked IT 
solutions, local, national, and international 
telecommunications services for use at home, 
work, and on the move, broadband, TV, and 
Internet products. BT Group serves clients 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BT Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BT Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BT Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BT Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BTRS Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
BTRS Holdings Inc 
BTRS Holdings Inc. operates as a holding company. 
The company, through its subsidiaries, provides 
cloud-based software and integrated payment 
processing solutions that span credit decisioning 
and monitoring, online ordering, invoice delivery, 
payments, remittance capture, cash application, 
and collections. BTRS Holdings serves clients in the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BTRS Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BTRS Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BTRS Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BTRS Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bucher Industries AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Bucher Industries AG 
Bucher Industries AG manufactures food 
processing machinery, vehicles, and hydraulic 
components. The company produces fruit and 
vegetable juice processing machinery, fodder 
harvesters, plows, seed drills, feed mixers, plant 
sprayers, spreaders, street sweepers, and snow 
blowers. Bucher operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bucher Industries AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bucher Industries AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bucher Industries AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bucher Industries AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Builders FirstSource Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Builders FirstSource Inc 
Builders FirstSource, Inc. manufactures and 
distributes building products to professional 
homebuilders. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Builders FirstSource Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Builders FirstSource Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Builders FirstSource Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Builders FirstSource Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bunge Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Bunge Ltd 
Bunge Limited operates as a global agribusiness 
and food company. The company buys, sells, 
stores, transports, and processes oilseeds and 
grains to make protein meal for animal feed and 
edible oil products for commercial customers. 
Bunge also produces sugar and ethanol from 
sugarcane, mills wheat, and corn, as well as sells 
fertilizers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bunge Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bunge Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bunge Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bunge Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bunzl PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Bunzl PLC 
Bunzl plc is a distribution group supplying a range 
of non-food consumable products for customers 
to operate their businesses but which they do not 
actually sell. The company partners with both 
suppliers and customers in providing outsourcing 
solutions and service oriented distribution. Bunzl's 
main customer markets include grocery, 
foodservice, cleaning, and safety. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bunzl PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bunzl PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bunzl PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bunzl PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bunzl PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Bunzl PLC 
Bunzl plc is a distribution group supplying a range 
of non-food consumable products for customers 
to operate their businesses but which they do not 
actually sell. The company partners with both 
suppliers and customers in providing outsourcing 
solutions and service oriented distribution. Bunzl's 
main customer markets include grocery, 
foodservice, cleaning, and safety. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bunzl PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bunzl PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bunzl PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bunzl PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Burberry Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Burberry Group PLC 
Burberry Group PLC is a global luxury brand with 
British heritage, core outerwear, and large leather 
goods base. The company designs and sources 
apparel and accessories, selling through a 
diversified network of retail, digital, wholesale, 
and licensing channels worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Burberry Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Burberry Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Burberry Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Burberry Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Bureau Veritas SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Bureau Veritas SA 
Bureau Veritas SA provides a range of consulting 
services, including global inspection  and audit, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Bureau Veritas SA Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Bureau Veritas SA Index 
-3 
Short 
tests and certification applied to quality, hygiene 
and health. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Bureau Veritas SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Bureau Veritas SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Burlington Stores Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Burlington Stores Inc 
Burlington Stores, Inc. owns and operates clothing 
retail stores. The company offers, through its 
stores and internet sites, men's, women's, and 
children's apparels. Burlington Holding operates 
within the United States and Puerto Rico. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Burlington Stores Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Burlington Stores Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Burlington Stores Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Burlington Stores Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short BWX Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
BWX Technologies Inc 
BWX Technologies, Inc. supplies nuclear 
components and fuel. The company offers 
precision manufactured components and services 
for the commercial nuclear power industry. BWX 
Technologies also provides technical, 
management, and site services to support 
government in the operation of complex facilities 
and environmental remediation activities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short BWX Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short BWX Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long BWX Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long BWX Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short C3.ai Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
C3.ai Inc 
C3.ai, Inc. operates as a software company. The 
company focuses on developing, deploying, and 
operating enterprise AI applications. C3.ai serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short C3.ai Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short C3.ai Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long C3.ai Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long C3.ai Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cable One Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cable One Inc 
Cable One, Inc. operates as a cable company. The 
company offers data, video, and voice services. 
Cable One serves residential and business 
consumers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cable One Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cable One Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cable One Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cable One Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CACI International Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
CACI International Inc 
CACI International Inc. provides information 
technology products and services. The company 
delivers client solutions for systems integration, 
information assurance and security, 
reengineering, logistics and engineering support, 
electronic commerce, and other solutions. CACI 
serves government and commercial markets 
primarily in North America and Western Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CACI International Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CACI International Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CACI International Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CACI International Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cadence Design Systems Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short Cadence Design Systems 
Inc 
Cadence Design Systems, Inc. provides software 
technology, design and consulting services and 
technology. The company licenses its electronic 
design automation software technology and 
provides a variety of professional services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cadence Design Systems Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cadence Design Systems Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Cadence's design realization solutions are used to 
design and develop complex chips and electronic 
systems, including semiconductors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cadence Design Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cadence Design Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Caesars Entertainment Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Caesars Entertainment 
Inc 
Caesars Entertainment, Inc. owns and operates as 
a chain of resorts. The company offers casino, 
poker, roulette, and other gaming facilities, as well 
as provides food and beverages services. Caesars 
Entertainment serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Caesars Entertainment Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Caesars Entertainment Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Caesars Entertainment Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Caesars Entertainment Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CaixaBank SA Index 
-1 
Short 
CaixaBank SA 
CaixaBank, S.A. provides banking services. The 
bank offers portfolio management, insurance, 
investment advisory, international banking, and 
other specialist financial services. CaixaBank 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CaixaBank SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CaixaBank SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CaixaBank SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CaixaBank SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Calix Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Calix Inc 
Calix, Inc. provides computer services. The 
company offers communication software, 
networking solutions, and cloud computing 
services. Calix serves clients in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Calix Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Calix Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Calix Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Calix Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cambium Networks Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Cambium Networks Corp 
Cambium Networks Corporation provides wireless 
broadband networking infrastructure solutions. 
The company offers wireless fabric, including 
intelligent radios, smart antennas, RF algorithms, 
wireless-aware switches, and network 
management software. Cambium Networks serves 
customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cambium Networks Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cambium Networks Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cambium Networks Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cambium Networks Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Camden Property Trust Index 
-1 
Short 
Camden Property Trust 
Camden Property Trust is a self-administered and 
self-managed real estate investment trust. The 
company owns and operates multifamily 
apartment communities. Camden Property Trust 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Camden Property Trust Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Camden Property Trust Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Camden Property Trust Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Camden Property Trust Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Campbell Soup Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Campbell Soup Co 
Campbell Soup Company, with its subsidiaries, 
manufactures and markets branded convenience 
food products. The company's core divisions 
include soups and sauces, biscuits and 
confectionery, and foodservice. Campbell's 
distributes its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Campbell Soup Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Campbell Soup Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Campbell Soup Co Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Campbell Soup Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cantaloupe Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cantaloupe Inc 
Cantaloupe, Inc. operates as a software and 
payments company. The company provides end-
to-end technology solutions for the unattended 
retail market. Cantaloupe serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cantaloupe Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cantaloupe Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cantaloupe Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cantaloupe Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Capgemini SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Capgemini SE 
Capgemini offers information technology services. 
The company provides mobile software solutions, 
business process management, outsourcing, cloud 
computing, finance, consulting, supply chain 
management, engineering, and other services. 
Capgemini serves aerospace, defense, 
automotive, health care, life science, telecom, 
media, and entertainment industries worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Capgemini SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Capgemini SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Capgemini SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Capgemini SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Capital One Financial Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Capital One Financial 
Corp 
Capital One Financial Corporation provides 
commercial banking services. The bank accepts 
deposits and offers personal credit cards, 
investment products, loans, and online banking 
services. Capital One serves customers in the State 
of Virginia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Capital One Financial Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Capital One Financial Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Capital One Financial Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Capital One Financial Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Capri Holdings Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Capri Holdings Ltd 
Capri Holdings Limited operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
designs apparels and accessories. Capri Holdings 
distributes and retails handbags, shoes, watches, 
sweaters, hoodies, pants, sunglasses, and boots. 
Capri Holdings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Capri Holdings Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Capri Holdings Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Capri Holdings Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Capri Holdings Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cardinal Health Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cardinal Health Inc 
Cardinal Health, Inc. provides complementary 
products and services to healthcare providers and 
manufacturers. The company's services include 
pharmaceutical distribution, health-care product 
manufacturing, distribution and consulting 
services, drug delivery systems development, 
pharmaceutical packaging, automated dispensing 
systems manufacturing, and retail pharmacy 
franchising. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cardinal Health Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cardinal Health Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cardinal Health Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cardinal Health Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Carl Zeiss Meditec AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Carl Zeiss Meditec AG 
Carl Zeiss Meditec AG provides complete system 
solutions in the field of medical technology for 
ophthalmology.  The company's products include 
screening, diagnostic, and therapeutic systems for 
the treatment of vision defects, cataracts, 
glaucoma, and retinal disorders.  Carl Zeiss 
Meditec operates worldwide with subsidiaries in 
the USA and Japan. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Carl Zeiss Meditec AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Carl Zeiss Meditec AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Carl Zeiss Meditec AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Carl Zeiss Meditec AG Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Carlisle Cos Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Carlisle Cos Inc 
Carlisle Companies Incorporated manufactures 
and distributes construction materials, 
transportation products, and general industry 
products. The company manufactures a variety of 
products for the roofing, real estate, construction, 
trucking, food-service, aircraft manufacturing, 
lawn and garden, and other industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Carlisle Cos Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Carlisle Cos Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Carlisle Cos Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Carlisle Cos Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Carlsberg AS Index 
-1 
Short 
Carlsberg AS 
Carlsberg A/S is an international brewing 
company. The company produces branded beers 
and regional brands. Carlsberg makes most of its 
beer outside of Denmark, and it is sold in markets 
around the world. The Company also markets and 
produces soft drinks, water, and wine. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Carlsberg AS Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Carlsberg AS Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Carlsberg AS Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Carlsberg AS Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Carlyle Group Inc/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Carlyle Group Inc/The 
The Carlyle Group Inc. operates as a global 
investment firm. The company manages 
investment vehicles that invests across four 
segments which includes corporate private equity, 
real assets, global credit, and investment 
solutions. Carlyle Group serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Carlyle Group Inc/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Carlyle Group Inc/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Carlyle Group Inc/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Carlyle Group Inc/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CarMax Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
CarMax Inc 
CarMax, Inc. sells at retail used cars and light 
trucks. The company purchases, reconditions, and 
sells used vehicles in its superstores and 
franchises throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CarMax Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CarMax Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CarMax Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CarMax Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Carnival Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Carnival Corp 
Carnival Corporation owns and operates cruise 
ships offering cruises to all major vacation 
destinations including North America, United 
Kingdom, Germany, Southern Europe, South 
America, and Asia Pacific. The company, through a 
subsidiary also owns and operates hotels and 
lodges. Dually-listed company with CCL LN. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Carnival Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Carnival Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Carnival Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Carnival Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Carrefour SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Carrefour SA 
Carrefour operates supermarkets, hypermarkets, 
cash and carry stores, and e-commerce websites. 
The company offers consumer goods, food and 
non-food products, household supplies, textiles, 
electronics, home appliances, and local products. 
Carrefour serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Carrefour SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Carrefour SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Carrefour SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Carrefour SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Carrier Global Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Carrier Global Corp 
Carrier Global Corporation manufactures HVAC 
equipment. The company offers heating, air-
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Carrier Global Corp Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Carrier Global Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
conditioning, and refrigeration solutions. Carrier 
Global serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Carrier Global Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Carrier Global Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Carter's Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Carter's Inc 
Carter's, Inc. markets baby and young children's 
apparel in the United States. The company offers 
brands to national department stores, chain and 
specialty stores, discount retailers, and its own 
retail shops. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Carter's Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Carter's Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Carter's Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Carter's Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Carvana Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Carvana Co 
Carvana Co. operates an online platform for 
buying used cars. The company offers test drives, 
vehicle financing, and car reviews. Carvana serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Carvana Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Carvana Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Carvana Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Carvana Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Casa Systems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Casa Systems Inc 
Casa Systems, Inc. provides telecommunication 
equipment and solutions. The company offers 
cable, modem, optical, and Wi-Fi networking 
products. Casa Systems also provides software-
centric infrastructure solutions that allow cable 
service providers to deliver voice, video, and data 
services over a single platform. Casa Systems 
operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Casa Systems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Casa Systems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Casa Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Casa Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Casey's General Stores Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Casey's General Stores 
Inc 
Casey's General Stores, Inc. operates convenience 
stores in the Midwest. The company offers food, 
beverages, tobacco products, health and beauty 
aids, automotive supplies, and other non-food 
items, as well as sells gasoline. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Casey's General Stores Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Casey's General Stores Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Casey's General Stores Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Casey's General Stores Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cass Information Systems Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Cass Information Systems 
Inc 
Cass Information Systems, Inc. provides freight 
and utility invoice payment services to Fortune 
500 and major logistics companies across North 
America. The company also provides specialized 
banking services to privately held companies in St. 
Louis, Missouri, and to churches throughout the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cass Information Systems Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cass Information Systems Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cass Information Systems Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cass Information Systems Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Castellum AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Castellum AB

--- Page 127 ---
127 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Castellum AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Castellum AB is a real estate investment company. 
The company, through subsidiaries, buys, 
develops, improves, and manages properties in 
selected areas, with good service and 
communications, in Sweden.  Castellum  leases 
out commercial space for stores, offices, schools, 
warehousing, and industrial use, as well as 
apartments.  The company's properties are 
managed locally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Castellum AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Castellum AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Castellum AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Catalent Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Catalent Inc 
Catalent, Inc. provides delivery technologies and 
development solutions for drugs, biologics, and 
consumer health products. The company's oral, 
injectable, and respiratory delivery technologies 
address the diversity of the pharmaceutical 
industry including small molecules, large molecule 
biologics, and consumer health products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Catalent Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Catalent Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Catalent Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Catalent Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Caterpillar Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Caterpillar Inc 
Caterpillar Inc. designs, manufactures, and 
markets construction, mining, and forestry 
machinery. The company also manufactures 
engines and other related parts for its equipment, 
and offers financing and insurance. Caterpillar 
distributes its products through a worldwide 
organization of dealers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Caterpillar Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Caterpillar Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Caterpillar Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Caterpillar Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cboe Global Markets Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cboe Global Markets Inc 
Cboe Global Markets, Inc. operates as a exchange 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, operates a financial options trading 
platform that provides cutting-edge trading and 
investment solutions includes equities, foreign 
exchange, indices, data and analytics, and trade 
reporting solutions. Cboe Global Markets serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cboe Global Markets Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cboe Global Markets Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cboe Global Markets Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cboe Global Markets Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CBRE Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
CBRE Group Inc 
CBRE Group, Inc. provides real estate services. The 
company offers property management, valuation, 
real estate investment, and advisory services. 
CBRE Group operates offices, data centers, multi-
family, hotels, gaming, and retail sectors. CBRE 
Group serves customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CBRE Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CBRE Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CBRE Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CBRE Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CD Projekt SA Index 
-1 
Short 
CD Projekt SA 
CD Projekt SA is a holding company that conducts 
its business activities through its subsidiaries 
companies whose operations are divided into two 
segments, videogame development and digital 
distribution of videogame. The company is based 
in Poland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CD Projekt SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CD Projekt SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CD Projekt SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CD Projekt SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CDK Global Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
CDK Global Inc

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CDK Global Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
CDK Global, Inc. is a provider of integrated 
information technology and digital marketing 
solutions to the automotive retail industry. The 
company integrates workflow processes from pre-
sale targeted advertising and marketing 
campaigns to the sale, financing, insurance, parts 
supply, repair, and maintenance of vehicles. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CDK Global Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CDK Global Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CDK Global Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CDW Corp/DE Index 
-1 
Short 
CDW Corp/DE 
CDW Corporation of Delaware provides 
information technology products and services. The 
company offers hardware, software, computer 
peripherals, cloud computing, mobile devices, 
network communication, and security solutions. 
CDW serves business, government, education, and 
healthcare customers throughout North America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CDW Corp/DE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CDW Corp/DE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CDW Corp/DE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CDW Corp/DE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Celanese Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Celanese Corp 
Celanese Corporation operates as a global 
integrated producer of chemicals and advanced 
materials. The company offers products such as 
acetyl, acetate, vinyl emulsion, and engineered 
polymers. Celanese operations serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Celanese Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Celanese Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Celanese Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Celanese Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cellnex Telecom SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Cellnex Telecom SA 
Cellnex Telecom S.A. is an independent operator 
of wireless telecommunications infrastructure and 
broadcast infrastructure. The company's sites are 
located in Spain and Italy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cellnex Telecom SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cellnex Telecom SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cellnex Telecom SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cellnex Telecom SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Centene Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Centene Corp 
Centene Corporation provides multi-line 
healthcare solutions to individuals across all states 
and internationally. Centene's specialty services 
include medicaid and medicare health plans, 
treatment compliance, and nurse triage. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Centene Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Centene Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Centene Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Centene Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CenterPoint Energy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
CenterPoint Energy Inc 
CenterPoint Energy, Inc. is a public utility holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
conducts activities in electricity transmission and 
distribution, natural gas distribution, interstate 
pipeline and gathering operations, and power 
generation. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CenterPoint Energy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CenterPoint Energy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CenterPoint Energy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CenterPoint Energy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Centrica PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Centrica PLC 
Centrica PLC operates as an integrated energy 
company offering a wide range of home and 
business energy solutions. The company sources, 
generates, processes, stores, trades, saves, and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Centrica PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Centrica PLC Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Centrica PLC Index 
2 
Long 
supplies energy and provides a range of related 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Centrica PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cerence Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cerence Inc 
Cerence Inc. operates as a software development 
company. The company provides application for 
roadmap mobility. Cerence serves customers 
globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cerence Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cerence Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cerence Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cerence Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ceridian HCM Holding Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ceridian HCM Holding Inc 
Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
develops human capital management software. 
Ceridian HCM Holding provides recruiting, staff 
monitoring, payroll processing, employee 
engagement, and human capital management 
technology services. Ceridian HCM Holding serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ceridian HCM Holding Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ceridian HCM Holding Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ceridian HCM Holding Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ceridian HCM Holding Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cerner Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Cerner Corp 
Cerner Corporation is a worldwide supplier of 
healthcare solutions and services. The company's 
solutions are designed to optimize clinical and 
financial outcomes for healthcare organizations 
ranging from single-doctor practices, to health 
systems, to entire countries, for the 
pharmaceutical and medical device industries, and 
for the healthcare commerce system. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cerner Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cerner Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cerner Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cerner Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Certara Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Certara Inc 
Certara, Inc. operates as a bio-technology 
company. The company focuses on accelerating 
medicines to patients using biosimulation 
software and technology to transform traditional 
drug discovery and development. Certara serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Certara Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Certara Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Certara Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Certara Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cerus Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Cerus Corp 
Cerus Corporation develops systems designed to 
enhance the safety of blood transfusions. The 
company's systems inactivate pathogens in blood 
components and inactivate white blood cells, 
which are responsible for a variety of adverse 
transfusion reactions. Cerus' platform 
technologies prevent viral, bacterial, and cellular 
replication. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cerus Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cerus Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cerus Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cerus Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CEVA Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
CEVA Inc 
CEVA, Inc. licenses DSP-based platforms 
applications to the semiconductor industry. The 
company markets IPs for vision, audio, 
communications, and connectivity. CEVA serves a 
range of end markets, including mobile, 
consumer, automotive, and industrial. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CEVA Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CEVA Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CEVA Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CEVA Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 130 ---
130 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CF Industries Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
CF Industries Holdings Inc 
CF Industries Holdings, Inc. manufactures and 
distributes nitrogen and phosphate fertilizer 
products globally. The company offers products in 
the nitrogen segment includes ammonia, urea, 
urea ammonium nitrate solution, ammonium 
nitrate, diesel exhaust fluid, and aqua ammonia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CF Industries Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CF Industries Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CF Industries Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CF Industries Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CH Robinson Worldwide Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
CH Robinson Worldwide 
Inc 
C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. provides multi-
modal transportation services and logistics 
solutions. The company operates a network of 
offices in North America, Europe, Asia, South 
America, and the Middle East. C.H. Robinson 
offers a variety of logistics services, such as fresh 
produce sourcing and freight consolidation. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CH Robinson Worldwide Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CH Robinson Worldwide Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CH Robinson Worldwide Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CH Robinson Worldwide Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Change Healthcare Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Change Healthcare Inc 
Change Healthcare, Inc. provides healthcare 
technology solutions. The company offers 
analytical, connectivity, communication, payment, 
consumer engagement, and workflow 
optimization software solutions. Change 
Healthcare serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Change Healthcare Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Change Healthcare Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Change Healthcare Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Change Healthcare Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ChannelAdvisor Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
ChannelAdvisor Corp 
ChannelAdvisor Corporation provides e-commerce 
channel management solutions. The company 
offers online channels for retailers to distribute 
their products such as online marketplaces, 
comparison shopping sites, and search engines. 
ChannelAdvisor serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ChannelAdvisor Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ChannelAdvisor Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ChannelAdvisor Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ChannelAdvisor Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ChargePoint Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ChargePoint Holdings Inc 
ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides electric vehicle charging solutions which 
enables the electrification of mobility for all 
people and goods. ChargePoint Holdings serves 
customers in the North America and Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ChargePoint Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ChargePoint Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ChargePoint Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ChargePoint Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Charles River Laboratories Int 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Charles River 
Laboratories Int 
Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. 
provides research tools and support services for 
drug discovery and development. The company 
offers animal research models in research and 
development for new drugs, devices, and 
therapies. Charles River Laboratories International 
serves pharmaceutical and biotechnology 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Charles River Laboratories Int 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Charles River Laboratories Int 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 131 ---
131 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Charles River Laboratories Int 
Index 
2 
Long 
companies, hospitals, and academic institutions 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Charles River Laboratories Int 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Charles Schwab Corp/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Charles Schwab Corp/The 
The Charles Schwab Corporation provides a 
variety of financial services to individual investors, 
independent investment managers, retirement 
plans, and institutions. The company provides its 
clients with securities brokerage, banking, and 
related financial services through offices in the 
United States, Puerto Rico, and the United 
Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Charles Schwab Corp/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Charles Schwab Corp/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Charles Schwab Corp/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Charles Schwab Corp/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Charter Communications Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Charter Communications 
Inc 
Charter Communications, Inc. operates as a cable 
telecommunications company. The company 
offers cable broadcasting, internet, voice, and 
other business services. Charter Communications 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Charter Communications Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Charter Communications Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Charter Communications Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Charter Communications Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Chegg Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Chegg Inc 
Chegg, Inc. provides online educational platform. 
The company offers homework help, course 
selection, note taking, manuals, and textbook 
rentals services. Chegg serves customers 
throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Chegg Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Chegg Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Chegg Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Chegg Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Chemed Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Chemed Corp 
Chemed Corporation operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides hospice and palliative care services to its 
patients through a network of physicians, 
registered nurses, home health aides, social 
workers, clergy, and volunteers. Chemed conducts 
business in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Chemed Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Chemed Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Chemed Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Chemed Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Chemours Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Chemours Co/The 
The Chemours Company manufactures and 
distributes performance chemicals. The company 
produces titanium dioxide, refrigerants, industrial 
fluoropolymer resins, and industrial and specialty 
chemicals for gold producing, oil refining, 
agriculture, and other industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Chemours Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Chemours Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Chemours Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Chemours Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cheniere Energy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cheniere Energy Inc

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cheniere Energy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Cheniere Energy, Inc. is an energy company 
focused on LNG-related businesses. The company 
owns and operates liquefied natural gas (LNG) 
receiving terminals and liquefied natural gas (LNG) 
pipelines. Cheniere Energy manages and operates 
projects in Louisiana and Texas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cheniere Energy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cheniere Energy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cheniere Energy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Chevron Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Chevron Corp 
Chevron Corporation is an integrated energy 
company with operations in countries located 
around the world. The company produces and 
transports crude oil and natural gas. Chevron also 
refines, markets, and distributes fuels, as well as is 
involved in chemical and mining operations, 
power generation, and energy services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Chevron Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Chevron Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Chevron Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Chevron Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc 
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. owns and operates 
quick serve Mexican restaurants. The company 
manages restaurants throughout the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Chocoladefabriken Lindt & Spru 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Chocoladefabriken Lindt 
& Spru 
Chocoladefabriken Lindt & Sprungli AG 
manufactures a broad range of chocolate and 
confectionery  products. The company markets its 
products through its own specialty stores 
andboutiques, as well as through retail outlets and 
catalog sales. Lindt & Spruengli operates 
subsidiaries in Europe, North America and Asia 
and also sells its products through various 
distributors in other world region. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Chocoladefabriken Lindt & Spru 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Chocoladefabriken Lindt & Spru 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Chocoladefabriken Lindt & Spru 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Chocoladefabriken Lindt & Spru 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Choice Hotels International In 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Choice Hotels 
International In 
Choice Hotels International, Inc. franchises hotel 
properties. The company offers vacation rental 
properties, travel tips, and other services. Choice 
Hotels International serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Choice Hotels International In 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Choice Hotels International In 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Choice Hotels International In 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Choice Hotels International In 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Chr Hansen Holding A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
Chr Hansen Holding A/S 
Chr. Hansen Holding A/S develops and produces 
natural ingredients such as cultures, enzymes, 
probiotics, and natural colors. The Company offers 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Chr Hansen Holding A/S Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 133 ---
133 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Chr Hansen Holding A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
products for the food, nutritional, pharmaceutical, 
and agricultural industries. Chr. Hansen Holding 
markets its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Chr Hansen Holding A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Chr Hansen Holding A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Christian Dior SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Christian Dior SE 
Christian Dior markets fashion apparel and 
accessories. The company designs and retails 
ready-to-wear, leather goods, fashion accessories, 
footwear, jewelry, time pieces, fragrance, make-
up, and skincare products. Christian Dior serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Christian Dior SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Christian Dior SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Christian Dior SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Christian Dior SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Chubb Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Chubb Ltd 
Chubb Limited operates as a property and casualty 
insurance company. The company provides 
commercial and personal property, casualty, and 
personal accident and supplemental health 
insurance, reinsurance, and life insurance to a 
diverse group of clients. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Chubb Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Chubb Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Chubb Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Chubb Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Church & Dwight Co Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Church & Dwight Co Inc 
Church & Dwight Co., Inc. develops, manufactures, 
and distributes household, personal care, and 
specialty products. The company offers 
contraceptive products, laundry and dishwashing 
detergents, toothbrushes, shampoos, vitamins, 
pregnancy test kits, and hair removers. Church & 
Dwight sells its products to consumers through 
supermarkets, mass merchandisers, drugstores, 
and websites. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Church & Dwight Co Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Church & Dwight Co Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Church & Dwight Co Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Church & Dwight Co Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Churchill Downs Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Churchill Downs Inc 
Churchill Downs Incorporated is a horse racing 
company whose flagship operation, Churchill 
Downs, is the home of the Kentucky Derby. The 
company has additional racing and simulcast-
wagering operations in Kentucky, Indiana, and 
Florida, as well as interests in various racing 
services companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Churchill Downs Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Churchill Downs Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Churchill Downs Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Churchill Downs Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cie de Saint-Gobain Index 
-1 
Short 
Cie de Saint-Gobain 
Compagnie de Saint-Gobain manufactures glass 
products, high-performance materials, and 
construction materials. The company produces 
flat glass, insulation, glass containers, high-
performance ceramics, plastics, abrasives, and 
building materials such as roofing, wall facings, 
mortars, and ductile cast iron pipe. Saint-Gobain 
also retails building materials. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cie de Saint-Gobain Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cie de Saint-Gobain Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cie de Saint-Gobain Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cie de Saint-Gobain Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cie Financiere Richemont SA 
Index 
-1 
Short Cie Financiere Richemont 
SA 
Compagnie Financiere Richemont SA, through 
subsidiaries, manufactures and retails luxury 
goods. The Company produces jewelry, watches, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cie Financiere Richemont SA 
Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cie Financiere Richemont SA 
Index 
-3 
Short 
leather goods, writing instruments, and men's and 
women's wear. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cie Financiere Richemont SA 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cie Financiere Richemont SA 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cie Generale des Etablissement 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Cie Generale des 
Etablissement 
Compagnie Generale des Etablissements Michelin 
manufactures auto parts. The company offers tires 
and other products. Compagnie Generale des 
Etablissements Michelin serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cie Generale des Etablissement 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cie Generale des Etablissement 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cie Generale des Etablissement 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cie Generale des Etablissement 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ciena Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Ciena Corp 
Ciena Corporation develops and markets 
communications network platforms, software, and 
offers professional services. The company's 
broadband access, data and optical networking 
platforms, software tools, and global network 
services support worldwide telecom and 
cable/MSO services providers, and enterprise and 
government networks. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ciena Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ciena Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ciena Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ciena Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cigna Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Cigna Corp 
Cigna Corporation operates as an insurance 
company. The company offers life, accident, 
disability, supplemental, medicare, and dental 
insurance products and services. Cigna serves 
individuals, families, and businesses worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cigna Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cigna Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cigna Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cigna Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cincinnati Financial Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Cincinnati Financial Corp 
Cincinnati Financial Corporation, through its 
subsidiaries, offers property and casualty and life 
insurance. The company markets a variety of 
insurance products and provides leasing and 
financing services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cincinnati Financial Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cincinnati Financial Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cincinnati Financial Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cincinnati Financial Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cintas Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Cintas Corp 
Cintas Corporation designs, manufactures, and 
implements corporate identity uniform programs. 
The company also provides entrance mats, 
restroom supplies, promotional products, 
document management, fire protection, and first 
aid and safety services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cintas Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cintas Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cintas Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cintas Corp Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cirrus Logic Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cirrus Logic Inc 
Cirrus Logic, Inc. is a fabless semiconductor 
company. The company develops audio and voice 
IC and software solutions for mobile 
communications, automotive entertainment, and 
consumer audio applications. Cirrus Logic is 
headquartered in Austin, Texas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cirrus Logic Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cirrus Logic Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cirrus Logic Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cirrus Logic Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cisco Systems Inc/Delaware 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Cisco Systems 
Inc/Delaware 
Cisco Systems, Inc. provides information 
technology and networking services. The company 
offers enterprise network security, software 
development, data collaboration, cloud 
computing, and other related services. Cisco 
Systems serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cisco Systems Inc/Delaware 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cisco Systems Inc/Delaware 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cisco Systems Inc/Delaware Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cisco Systems Inc/Delaware Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Citigroup Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Citigroup Inc 
Citigroup Inc. is a diversified financial services 
holding company that provides a broad range of 
financial services to consumer and corporate 
customers. The company services include 
investment banking, retail brokerage, corporate 
banking, and cash management products and 
services. Citigroup serves customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Citigroup Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Citigroup Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Citigroup Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Citigroup Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Citizens Financial Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Citizens Financial Group 
Inc 
Citizens Financial Group, Inc. provides a full range 
of commercial banking services for retail and 
Institutional customers. The bank offers consumer 
loans, commercial loans, mortgage loans, deposit 
products, internet banking, and trust services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Citizens Financial Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Citizens Financial Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Citizens Financial Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Citizens Financial Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Citrix Systems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Citrix Systems Inc 
Citrix Systems, Inc. designs, develops, and markets 
technology solutions that allow applications to be 
delivered, supported, and shared on-demand. The 
company develops and markets comprehensive 
solutions across all dimensions of application, 
server and desktop virtualization, as well as 
application and network optimization. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Citrix Systems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Citrix Systems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Citrix Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Citrix Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Clariant AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Clariant AG 
Clariant AG is a global specialty chemicals 
company. The company's products and services 
are grouped into four business areas: Care 
Chemicals, Catalysis & Energy, Natural Resources 
and Plastics & Coatings. Clariant develops, 
produces, markets and sells specialty chemical 
products for various end markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Clariant AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Clariant AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Clariant AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Clariant AG Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Clarivate PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Clarivate PLC 
Clarivate PLC develops software. The company 
designs and offers analytical applications. 
Clarivate serves customers in the United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Clarivate PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Clarivate PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Clarivate PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Clarivate PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Clean Harbors Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Clean Harbors Inc 
Clean Harbors, Inc. provides a variety of 
environmental remediation and industrial waste 
management services to customers in the United 
States and Puerto Rico. The company's services 
include treatment and disposal of hazardous and 
non-hazardous solid and liquid waste, surface 
remediation, groundwater restoration, and waste 
packaging, as well as analytical testing and 
consulting. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Clean Harbors Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Clean Harbors Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Clean Harbors Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Clean Harbors Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cleanspark Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cleanspark Inc 
CleanSpark, Inc. develops renewable energy 
projects. The company manages, constructs, 
installs, and maintains power plan projects. 
CleanSpark serves clients in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cleanspark Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cleanspark Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cleanspark Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cleanspark Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Clear Secure Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Clear Secure Inc 
Clear Secure, Inc. provides software solutions. The 
company offers security applications for airports, 
stadiums, and other venues. Clear Secure serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Clear Secure Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Clear Secure Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Clear Secure Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Clear Secure Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cleveland-Cliffs Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cleveland-Cliffs Inc 
Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. manufactures custom-made 
pellets and hot briquetted iron (HBI); flat-rolled 
carbon steel, stainless, electrical, plate, tinplate 
and long steel products; as well as carbon and 
stainless steel tubing, hot and cold stamping and 
tooling.  The company is headquartered in 
Cleveland, Ohio with employees spanning across 
the US and Canada. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cleveland-Cliffs Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cleveland-Cliffs Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cleveland-Cliffs Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cleveland-Cliffs Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Clorox Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Clorox Co/The 
The Clorox Company manufactures and markets 
consumer products sold primarily through grocery 
and other retail stores. The company's principal 
products include household cleaning and bleach 
products, charcoal, cat litter, dressings and sauces, 
natural personal care, and trash bags. Clorox 
markets the majority of its products in North 
America and the LATAM countries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Clorox Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Clorox Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Clorox Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Clorox Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Close Brothers Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short Close Brothers Group PLC

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Close Brothers Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Close Brothers Group PLC is a specialist financial 
services group. The company makes loans, trades 
securities and provides advice and investment 
management solutions to a wide range of clients. 
Close Brothers operates through three divisions: 
Banking, Securities and Asset Management. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Close Brothers Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Close Brothers Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Close Brothers Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cloudflare Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cloudflare Inc 
Cloudflare, Inc. designs and develops software 
solutions. The company offers platform for load 
balancing, video streaming, security, analysis, and 
domain registration. Cloudflare serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cloudflare Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cloudflare Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cloudflare Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cloudflare Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CMC Materials Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
CMC Materials Inc 
CMC Materials, Inc. supplies slurries used in 
chemical mechanical planarization, a polishing 
process used in the manufacture of integrated 
circuit devices. The company provides slurries 
liquids containing abrasives and chemicals that 
enhance the polishing process. CMC Materials 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CMC Materials Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CMC Materials Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CMC Materials Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CMC Materials Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CME Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
CME Group Inc 
CME Group Inc. operates a derivatives exchange 
that trades futures contracts and options on 
futures, interest rates, stock indexes, foreign 
exchange, and commodities. The company brings 
together buyers and sellers of derivatives products 
on its trading floors, electronic trading platform, 
and through privately negotiated transactions that 
it clears. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CME Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CME Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CME Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CME Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CMS Energy Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
CMS Energy Corp 
CMS Energy Corporation is an energy company. 
The company, through its subsidiaries, provides 
electricity and natural gas to its customers. CMS 
Energy also invests in and operates non-utility 
power generation plants in the United States and 
abroad. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CMS Energy Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CMS Energy Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CMS Energy Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CMS Energy Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CNA Financial Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
CNA Financial Corp 
CNA Financial Corporation operates as an 
insurance holding company. The company, 
through its subsidiaries, provides commercial 
property and casualty coverages such as risk 
management, information services, warranty, and 
claims administration. CNA Financial serves clients 
throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CNA Financial Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CNA Financial Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CNA Financial Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CNA Financial Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CNH Industrial NV Index 
-1 
Short 
CNH Industrial NV 
CNH Industrial NV through its brands, designs, 
produces and sells trucks, commercial vehicles, 
buses, special vehicles, agricultural and 
construction equipment, in addition to engines 
and transmissions for those vehicles and engines 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CNH Industrial NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CNH Industrial NV Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 138 ---
138 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CNH Industrial NV Index 
2 
Long 
for marine applications. The company also 
provides equipment financing services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CNH Industrial NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CNP Assurances Index 
-1 
Short 
CNP Assurances 
CNP Assurances offers group and individual life, 
health, accident, disability and credit insurance, 
and pensions.  The company markets its products 
for individuals through banks.  CNP operates in 
parts of Europe and South America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CNP Assurances Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CNP Assurances Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CNP Assurances Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CNP Assurances Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Coca-Cola Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Coca-Cola Co/The 
The Coca-Cola Company manufactures, markets, 
and distributes soft drink concentrates and syrups. 
The company also distributes and markets juice 
and juice-drink products. Coca-Cola distributes its 
products to retailers and wholesalers in the United 
States and internationally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Coca-Cola Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Coca-Cola Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Coca-Cola Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Coca-Cola Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Coca-Cola HBC AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Coca-Cola HBC AG 
Coca-Cola HBC AG is one of the bottlers in the 
Coca-Cola system, operating plants in Europe, 
Africa, and Asia. The company produces, sells, and 
distributes a wide range of non-alcoholic 
beverages, including sparkling, juice, water, sport, 
energy, tea, and coffee. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Coca-Cola HBC AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Coca-Cola HBC AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Coca-Cola HBC AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Coca-Cola HBC AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cofinimmo SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Cofinimmo SA 
Cofinimmo SA is a Belgian real estate company 
that specializes in rental property. The company's 
main investment segments are office property, 
care homes, and distribution property networks. 
Cofinimmo is an independent company, which 
manages its properties in-house. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cofinimmo SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cofinimmo SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cofinimmo SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cofinimmo SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cognex Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Cognex Corp 
Cognex Corporation designs, develops, 
manufactures, and markets machine vision 
systems. The company's systems are used to 
automate the manufacture of a variety of discrete 
items and to assure their quality. Cognex has 
regional offices located throughout North 
America, Japan, Europe, and Southeast Asia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cognex Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cognex Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cognex Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cognex Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Cognizant Technology 
Solutions 
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation 
provides custom information technology (IT) 
consulting and technology services, as well as 
outsourcing services. The company focuses on 
technology strategy consulting, complex systems 
development, enterprise software package 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 139 ---
139 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Index 
2 
Long 
implementation and maintenance, data 
warehousing, and business intelligence. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cognizant Technology Solutions 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Coherent Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Coherent Inc 
Coherent, Inc. is a global company that 
manufactures and sells a variety of laser-based 
photonic products. The company's products are 
used in manufacturing and instrumentation 
applications that include optical 
telecommunication, semiconductor 
manufacturing, inspection and test, advance 
packaging, and reprographics. The electro-optical 
market consists of Fortune 500 customers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Coherent Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Coherent Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Coherent Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Coherent Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cohu Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cohu Inc 
Cohu, Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells 
semiconductor test handling equipment to 
semiconductor manufacturers throughout the 
world. The company also manufactures closed 
circuit television, metal detection, and microwave 
equipment. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cohu Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cohu Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cohu Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cohu Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Coinbase Global Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Coinbase Global Inc 
Coinbase Global, Inc. is a regulated cryptocurrency 
company that provides customers around the 
world with a platform for buying, selling, 
transferring, and storing digital assets. The 
company offers a variety of products and services 
that enable individuals, businesses, and 
developers to participate in the cryptoeconomy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Coinbase Global Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Coinbase Global Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Coinbase Global Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Coinbase Global Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Colfax Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Colfax Corp 
Colfax Corporation operates as a multi-platform 
diversified industrial company. The company 
manufactures equipment and filler metals for 
virtually every welding and cutting application, as 
well as air and gas handling equipment such as 
heavy duty fans, heat exchangers, gas 
compressors, and other related products. Colfax 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Colfax Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Colfax Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Colfax Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Colfax Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Colgate-Palmolive Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Colgate-Palmolive Co 
Colgate-Palmolive Company is a consumer 
products company that markets its products 
throughout the world. The company's products 
include toothpaste, toothbrushes, shampoos, 
deodorants, bar and liquid soaps, dishwashing 
liquid, and laundry products, as well as pet 
nutrition products for cats and dogs. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Colgate-Palmolive Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Colgate-Palmolive Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Colgate-Palmolive Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Colgate-Palmolive Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Coloplast A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
Coloplast A/S 
Coloplast A/S develops and provides health care 
products and services. The company manufactures 
products for ostomy, incontinence, mastectomy, 
wound healing, and skin care. Coloplast's research 
projects are carried out in cooperation with 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Coloplast A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Coloplast A/S Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 140 ---
140 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Coloplast A/S Index 
2 
Long 
professional caregivers and user groups. The 
company sells to health care professionals, 
dealers, and product users throughout the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Coloplast A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Columbia Sportswear Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Columbia Sportswear Co 
Columbia Sportswear Company designs, 
manufactures, markets, and distributes active 
outdoor apparels. The company offers jackets, 
rainwear, golf apparels, bottoms, bags, coolers, 
hats, sunglasses, and footwear products. Columbia 
Sportswear  markets its products to specialty and 
department store retailers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Columbia Sportswear Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Columbia Sportswear Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Columbia Sportswear Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Columbia Sportswear Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Comcast Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Comcast Corp 
Comcast Corporation provides media and 
television broadcasting services. The company 
offers video streaming, television programming, 
high-speed Internet, cable television, and 
communication services. Comcast serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Comcast Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Comcast Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Comcast Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Comcast Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Comerica Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Comerica Inc 
Comerica Incorporated is the holding company for 
business, individual, and investment banks with 
operations in the United States, Canada, and 
Mexico. The company subsidiaries provides 
services such as corporate banking, international 
finance, treasury management, community and 
private banking, small business and individual 
lending, investment services, and institutional 
trust. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Comerica Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Comerica Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Comerica Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Comerica Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Commerce Bancshares Inc/MO 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Commerce Bancshares 
Inc/MO 
Commerce Bancshares, Inc., a bank holding 
company, offers a full line of banking services, 
including capital markets, trust services, 
investment management and securities 
brokerage. The company also has operating 
subsidiaries involved in mortgage banking, credit 
related insurance, venture capital, and real estate 
activities. Commerce operates in multiple states. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Commerce Bancshares Inc/MO 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Commerce Bancshares Inc/MO 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Commerce Bancshares Inc/MO 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Commerce Bancshares Inc/MO 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Commerzbank AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Commerzbank AG 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft attracts deposits 
and offers retail and commercial banking services. 
The bank offers mortgage loans, securities 
brokerage and asset management services, 
private banking, foreign exchange, and treasury 
services worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Commerzbank AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Commerzbank AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Commerzbank AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Commerzbank AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CommScope Holding Co Inc Index 
-1 
Short CommScope Holding Co 
Inc 
CommScope Holding Company, Inc. operates as a 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, provides end-to-end solutions 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CommScope Holding Co Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 141 ---
141 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CommScope Holding Co Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
connecting technology and wireless and wired 
networks. CommScope Holding serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CommScope Holding Co Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CommScope Holding Co Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CommVault Systems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
CommVault Systems Inc 
CommVault Systems, Inc. provides data 
management software applications and related 
services. The company develops, markets, and 
sells a suite of data management software 
applications designed to protect and manage data 
throughout its lifecycle. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CommVault Systems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CommVault Systems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CommVault Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CommVault Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Compass Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Compass Group PLC 
Compass Group PLC provides catering and support 
services. The company offers services to offices, 
factories, hospitals and care homes, schools and 
universities, sports venues, military facilities, 
offshore platforms, and other remote locations. 
Compass Group serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Compass Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Compass Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Compass Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Compass Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Compugen Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Compugen Ltd 
Compugen Ltd operates as a pharmaceutical 
company. The company focuses on discovering 
and developing genomics-based drug and 
diagnostic solutions for the treatment of cancer. 
Compugen offers its services worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Compugen Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Compugen Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Compugen Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Compugen Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Comtech Telecommunications 
Cor Index 
-1 
Short 
Comtech 
Telecommunications Cor 
Comtech Telecommunications Corp. designs, 
develops, and manufactures technology electronic 
products and systems. The company's 
communications products are used worldwide for 
voice, data, facsimile, and video transmissions at 
microwave frequencies in satellite, over-the-
horizon microwave, terrestrial line-of-sight, and 
wireless telecommunications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Comtech Telecommunications 
Cor Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Comtech Telecommunications 
Cor Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Comtech Telecommunications Cor 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Comtech Telecommunications Cor 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Conagra Brands Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Conagra Brands Inc 
Conagra Brands, Inc. manufactures and markets 
packaged foods for retail consumers, restaurants, 
and institutions. The company offers meals, 
entrees, condiments, sides, snacks, specialty 
potatoes, milled grain ingredients, dehydrated 
vegetables and seasonings, and blends and 
flavors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Conagra Brands Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Conagra Brands Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Conagra Brands Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Conagra Brands Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Concentrix Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Concentrix Corp

--- Page 142 ---
142 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Concentrix Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Concentrix Corporation provides technology 
infused solutions. The company offers digital 
customer experience (CX) solutions. Concentrix 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Concentrix Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Concentrix Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Concentrix Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Conduent Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Conduent Inc 
Conduent Inc operates as a business process 
services company. The company specializes in 
transaction-intensive processing, analytics, and 
automation. Conduent serves the commercial 
industries, healthcare, and public sectors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Conduent Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Conduent Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Conduent Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Conduent Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ConocoPhillips Index 
-1 
Short 
ConocoPhillips 
ConocoPhillips explores for, produces, transports, 
and markets crude oil, natural gas, natural gas 
liquids, liquefied natural gas, and bitumen on a 
worldwide basis. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ConocoPhillips Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ConocoPhillips Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ConocoPhillips Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ConocoPhillips Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Consensus Cloud Solutions Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Consensus Cloud 
Solutions Inc 
Consensus Cloud Solutions, Inc. provides software 
solutions. The company enables healthcare 
organizations to access, process, and exchange 
actionable data using market leading 
interoperability capabilities, including digital cloud 
faxing, direct secure messaging, patient 
information query, data exchange networks, and 
real-time ADT notifications, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Consensus Cloud Solutions Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Consensus Cloud Solutions Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Consensus Cloud Solutions Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Consensus Cloud Solutions Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Consolidated Edison Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Consolidated Edison Inc 
Consolidated Edison, Inc., through its subsidiaries, 
provides a variety of energy related products and 
services. The company supplies electric service in 
New York, parts of New Jersey, and Pennsylvania 
as well as supplies electricity to wholesale 
customers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Consolidated Edison Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Consolidated Edison Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Consolidated Edison Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Consolidated Edison Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Constellation Brands Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Constellation Brands Inc 
Constellation Brands, Inc. produces and markets 
alcoholic beverages in North America, Europe, and 
Australia, and New Zealand. The company has a 
portfolio of brands across the wine, imported 
beer, and distilled spirits categories. Constellation 
conducts its business through wholly owned 
subsidiaries as well as through a variety of joint 
ventures with various other entities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Constellation Brands Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Constellation Brands Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Constellation Brands Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Constellation Brands Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Constellation Energy Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Constellation Energy 
Corp 
Constellation Energy Corporation produces 
carbon-free energy and sustainable solutions. The 
company generates and distributes nuclear, 
hydro, wind, and solar energy solutions. 
Constellation Energy serves homes, institutional 
customers, public sectors, community 
aggregations, and businesses in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Constellation Energy Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Constellation Energy Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Constellation Energy Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Constellation Energy Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Continental AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Continental AG 
Continental AG manufactures tires, automotive 
parts, and industrial products. The company 
produces passenger cars, trucks, commercial 
vehicles, bicycle tires, braking systems, shock 
absorbers, hoses, drive belts, conveyor belting, 
transmission products, and sealing systems. 
Continental markets its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Continental AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Continental AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Continental AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Continental AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Continental Resources Inc/OK 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Continental Resources 
Inc/OK 
Continental Resources, Inc., based in Oklahoma 
City, is focused on the exploration and production 
of on-shore oil-prone plays in the United States. 
The Company concentrates its leasehold and 
production strategies in the Bakken of North 
Dakota and Montana, as well as Oklahoma in its 
recently discovered SCOOP play and the 
Northwest Cana play. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Continental Resources Inc/OK 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Continental Resources Inc/OK 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Continental Resources Inc/OK 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Continental Resources Inc/OK 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ConvaTec Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
ConvaTec Group PLC 
ConvaTec Group PLC manufactures medical and 
surgical equipment. The company offers urine 
meters, dressings, negative pressure wound 
systems, adhesive removers, and infusion devices. 
ConvaTec Group markets its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ConvaTec Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ConvaTec Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ConvaTec Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ConvaTec Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cooper Cos Inc/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Cooper Cos Inc/The 
The Cooper Companies, Inc. through its 
subsidiaries, develops, manufactures, and markets 
specialty healthcare products. The company's 
products include contact lenses for the vision care 
market and diagnostic products, surgical 
instruments, and accessories for gynecologists and 
obstetricians. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cooper Cos Inc/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cooper Cos Inc/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cooper Cos Inc/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cooper Cos Inc/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Copa Holdings SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Copa Holdings SA 
Copa Holdings SA provides international airline 
passenger and cargo service. The company 
provides scheduled flights to countries in North, 
Central and South America and the Caribbean. The 
company also has codeshare arrangements with 
Continental Airlines. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Copa Holdings SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Copa Holdings SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Copa Holdings SA Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Copa Holdings SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Copart Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Copart Inc 
Copart, Inc. provides vehicle suppliers, primarily 
insurance companies, with a variety of services to 
process and sell salvage vehicles through auctions. 
The company offers salvaged vehicles that are 
primarily sold to licensed dismantlers, rebuilders, 
and used vehicle dealers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Copart Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Copart Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Copart Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Copart Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Core & Main Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Core & Main Inc 
Core & Main, Inc. operates as a distributor of 
water, wastewater, storm drainage, and fire 
protection products. The company clamps, 
couplings, tapping sleeves, fittings, meters, pipes, 
pumps, restraints, valves, manholes, control 
structures, inline drains, reinforced concrete, 
downspout adapters, and oil water separators. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Core & Main Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Core & Main Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Core & Main Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Core & Main Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Corning Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Corning Inc 
Corning Incorporated is a global technology-based 
company. The company produces optical fiber, 
cable, and photonic components for the 
telecommunications industry, as well as 
manufactures glass panels, funnels, liquid crystal 
display glass, and projection video lens assemblies 
for the information display industry. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Corning Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Corning Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Corning Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Corning Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Corsair Gaming Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Corsair Gaming Inc 
Corsair Gaming, Inc. designs and sells gaming and 
streaming peripherals, components, and systems. 
The company's gaming and streaming gear 
enables creators to produce studio-quality 
content. Corsair Gaming serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Corsair Gaming Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Corsair Gaming Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Corsair Gaming Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Corsair Gaming Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Corteva Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Corteva Inc 
Corteva, Inc. provides agricultural products. The 
Com company pany offers seeds and crop 
protection products, as well as software solutions 
and digital services. Corteva serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Corteva Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Corteva Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Corteva Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Corteva Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CoStar Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
CoStar Group Inc 
CoStar Group, Inc. provides commercial real 
estate information, analytics, and online 
marketplaces. The company offers CRE research 
and real-time data, mobile and online real estate 
marketplace, rental home, and comparative 
analytics to the hotel industry. CoStar Group 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CoStar Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CoStar Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CoStar Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CoStar Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Costco Wholesale Corp Index 
-1 
Short Costco Wholesale Corp

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Costco Wholesale Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Costco Wholesale Corporation operates wholesale 
membership warehouses in multiple countries. 
The company sells all kinds of food, automotive 
supplies, toys, hardware, sporting goods, jewelry, 
electronics, apparel, health, and beauty aids, as 
well as other goods. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Costco Wholesale Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Costco Wholesale Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Costco Wholesale Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Coterra Energy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Coterra Energy Inc 
Coterra Energy Inc. operates as a diversified 
energy company. The company develops of oil and 
natural gas with a focus on protecting and 
preserving air quality, water resources, and the 
land on which we operate. Coterra Energy serves 
clients in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Coterra Energy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Coterra Energy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Coterra Energy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Coterra Energy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Coty Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Coty Inc 
Coty Inc. manufactures and distributes beauty 
products. The company offers fragrances, color 
cosmetics, hygiene, sun care, and skin treatment 
products. Coty supplies its products to 
department stores, specialty retailers, mass-
market retailers, and duty free shops in airports 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Coty Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Coty Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Coty Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Coty Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Countryside Partnerships PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Countryside Partnerships 
PLC 
Countryside Partnerships PLC offers property 
development services. The company constructs 
houses, commercial, office, industrial, retail, and 
recreational facilities. Countryside Partnerships 
serves customers in the United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Countryside Partnerships PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Countryside Partnerships PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Countryside Partnerships PLC 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Countryside Partnerships PLC 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Coupa Software Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Coupa Software Inc 
Coupa Software Incorporated designs and 
develops software solutions. The company offers 
procurement and expense management software 
to engineering, government, education, health 
care, retail, and staffing industries. Coupa 
Software serves customers around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Coupa Software Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Coupa Software Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Coupa Software Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Coupa Software Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cousins Properties Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cousins Properties Inc 
Cousins Properties, Inc. is a real estate investment 
trust. The company derives its revenues from the 
acquisition, financing, development, management 
and leasing of commercial properties. These retail 
and office properties are concentrated in the 
Southern United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cousins Properties Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cousins Properties Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cousins Properties Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cousins Properties Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 146 ---
146 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Covestro AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Covestro AG 
Covestro AG manufactures polymers and high 
performance plastics.  The company 
manufactures, markets, and distributes coatings, 
adhesives, insulating materials, sealants,  
polycarbonates, and polyurethanes. Covestro 
markets its products to industries including 
automotive, construction, health, electronics, and 
medical engineering. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Covestro AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Covestro AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Covestro AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Covestro AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Covivio Index 
-1 
Short 
Covivio 
Covivio manages a diversified real estate portfolio 
including offices, residential building, and car 
parking lots. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Covivio Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Covivio Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Covivio Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Covivio Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Crane Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Crane Co 
Crane Co. manufactures engineered industrial 
products. The company offers vending machines, 
airplane braking devices, pumps, valves, and other 
industrial goods. Crane serves the aerospace 
manufacturing, power generation, hydrocarbon 
processing, commercial and residential building, 
plumbing, and food and beverage production 
industries in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Crane Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Crane Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Crane Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Crane Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Credit Acceptance Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Credit Acceptance Corp 
Credit Acceptance Corporation provides funding, 
receivables management, collection, sales 
training, and related services to automobile 
dealers. The company provides indirect financing 
for buyers with limited access to traditional 
sources of consumer credit. Credit Acceptance 
operates in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Credit Acceptance Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Credit Acceptance Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Credit Acceptance Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Credit Acceptance Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Credit Agricole SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Credit Agricole SA 
Credit Agricole S.A. operates as a bank holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
offers banking and insurance services, as well as 
designs and manages specialized financial 
products. Credit Agricole also provides specialized 
financial services including management and 
securities, insurance, consumer finance, private 
banking, and leasing and factoring. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Credit Agricole SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Credit Agricole SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Credit Agricole SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Credit Agricole SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Credit Suisse Group AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Credit Suisse Group AG 
Credit Suisse Group AG operates as a wealth 
management firm. The company specializes in 
investment banking and offers wealth 
management activities aiming to capitalize on 
both the large pool of wealth within mature 
markets, as well as the significant growth in 
wealth in Asia Pacific and other emerging markets. 
Credit Suisse Group serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Credit Suisse Group AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Credit Suisse Group AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Credit Suisse Group AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Credit Suisse Group AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CRH PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
CRH PLC 
CRH Public Limited Company provides building 
materials. The company manufactures and 
distributes a wide range of architectural, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CRH PLC Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 147 ---
147 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CRH PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
infrastructure, and construction products for 
infrastructure, housing, and commercial projects. 
CRH serves customers Worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CRH PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CRH PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CRISPR Therapeutics AG Index 
-1 
Short 
CRISPR Therapeutics AG 
CRISPR Therapeutics AG is a bio-technology 
company. The company researches, develops, and 
manufactures biological transformative gene-
based medicines and other related products. 
CRISPR Therapeutics operates in Switzerland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CRISPR Therapeutics AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CRISPR Therapeutics AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CRISPR Therapeutics AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CRISPR Therapeutics AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Croda International PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Croda International PLC 
Croda International plc is the holding company for 
a group of companies that manufacture a diverse 
range of chemicals and chemical products, 
including oleochemicals and industrial chemicals. 
Croda supplies its items to companies that 
specialize in the personal care, pharmaceutical, 
plastics, food processing, nutrition, fire 
prevention, engineering, and automotive 
industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Croda International PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Croda International PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Croda International PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Croda International PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Crowdstrike Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Crowdstrike Holdings Inc 
CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. provides cybersecurity 
products and services to stop breaches. The 
company offers cloud-delivered protection across 
endpoints, cloud workloads, identity and data, and 
leading threat intelligence, managed security 
services, IT operations management, threat 
hunting, Zero Trust identity protection, and log 
management. CrowdStrike serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Crowdstrike Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Crowdstrike Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Crowdstrike Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Crowdstrike Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Crown Castle International Cor 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Crown Castle 
International Cor 
Crown Castle International Corp. operates as a 
real estate investment trust. The company owns, 
operates, and leases towers and other 
infrastructure for wireless communications. 
Crown Castle manages and offers wireless 
communication coverage and infrastructure sites 
in the United States and Australia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Crown Castle International Cor 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Crown Castle International Cor 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Crown Castle International Cor 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Crown Castle International Cor 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Crown Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Crown Holdings Inc 
Crown Holdings, Inc. designs, manufactures, and 
sells packaging products for consumer goods 
through plants located in countries around the 
world. The company's primary products include 
steel and aluminum cans for food, beverage, 
household, and other consumer products. Crown 
also provides a variety of metal caps, closures, and 
dispensing systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Crown Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Crown Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Crown Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Crown Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CSG Systems International Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
CSG Systems 
International Inc 
CSG Systems International, Inc. provides customer 
care and billing solutions for cable television 
providers, direct broadcast satellite providers, on-
line services markets, and telephony providers. 
The company offers a suite of processing and 
related services, as well as software and 
professional services which automate customer 
care and billing functions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CSG Systems International Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CSG Systems International Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CSG Systems International Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CSG Systems International Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CSX Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
CSX Corp 
CSX Corporation is an international freight 
transportation company. The company provides 
rail, intermodal, domestic container-shipping, 
barging, and contract logistics services around the 
world. CSX's rail transportation services are 
provided principally throughout the eastern 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CSX Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CSX Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CSX Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CSX Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CTS Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
CTS Corp 
CTS Corporation designs and manufactures 
electronic components and sensors to original 
equipment manufacturers in the automotive, 
communications, medical, defense and aerospace, 
industrial, and computer markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CTS Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CTS Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CTS Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CTS Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CTS Eventim AG & Co KGaA Index 
-1 
Short 
CTS Eventim AG & Co 
KGaA 
CTS Eventim AG & Co. KGaA produces, sells, 
brokers and distributes entry tickets for concerts, 
theater productions, artistic, sporting and similar 
events. The company operates an online booking 
system that allows event promoters to sell their 
tickets over a variety of distribution channels. CTS 
also sells tickets directly over the Internet and a 
call center and offers system support services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CTS Eventim AG & Co KGaA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CTS Eventim AG & Co KGaA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CTS Eventim AG & Co KGaA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CTS Eventim AG & Co KGaA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CubeSmart Index 
-1 
Short 
CubeSmart 
CubeSmart is a self-administered and self-
managed real estate company that owns, 
operates, acquires, and develops self-storage 
facilities in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CubeSmart Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CubeSmart Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CubeSmart Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CubeSmart Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc 
Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. is the holding company 
for The Frost National Bank. The bank provides 
commercial banking, consumer services, 
investment banking, international banking, trust 
services, correspondent banking, discount 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 149 ---
149 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc Index 
3 
Long 
brokerage, and insurance services through a 
network of offices in Texas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Cummins Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Cummins Inc 
Cummins Inc. designs, manufactures, distributes, 
and services diesel and natural gas engines. The 
company also manufactures electric power 
generation systems and engine-related 
component products, including filtration and 
exhaust aftertreatment, fuel systems, controls, 
and air handling systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Cummins Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Cummins Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Cummins Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Cummins Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CureVac NV Index 
-1 
Short 
CureVac NV 
CureVac N.V. operates as a global clinical-stage 
biopharmaceutical company. The company 
focuses on developing a new class of 
transformative medicines based on messenger 
ribonucleic acid that has the potential to improve 
the lives of people. CureVac serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CureVac NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CureVac NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CureVac NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CureVac NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Curtiss-Wright Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Curtiss-Wright Corp 
Curtiss-Wright Corporation designs, manufactures, 
and overhauls precision components and systems. 
The company's systems provides engineered 
services to the aerospace, automotive, 
shipbuilding, oil, petrochemical, agricultural 
equipment, power generation, metal working, and 
fire and rescue industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Curtiss-Wright Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Curtiss-Wright Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Curtiss-Wright Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Curtiss-Wright Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CVS Health Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
CVS Health Corp 
CVS Health Corporation is an integrated pharmacy 
health care provider. The company's offerings 
include pharmacy benefit management services; 
mail order, retail and specialty pharmacy; disease 
management programs; and retail clinics. The 
company operates drugstores throughout the 
U.S., the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CVS Health Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CVS Health Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CVS Health Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CVS Health Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short CyrusOne Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
CyrusOne Inc 
CyrusOne Inc. owns, operates, and develops of 
enterprise-class and carrier-neutral data center 
properties. The company provides mission-critical 
data center facilities that protect and ensure the 
continued operation of IT infrastructure. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short CyrusOne Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short CyrusOne Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long CyrusOne Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long CyrusOne Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Daimler Truck Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Daimler Truck Holding AG 
Daimler Truck Holding AG operates as an 
automobile company. The company designs and 
manufactures commercial trucks and buses. 
Daimler Truck Holding serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Daimler Truck Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Daimler Truck Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Daimler Truck Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Daimler Truck Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Danaher Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Danaher Corp

--- Page 150 ---
150 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Danaher Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Danaher Corporation designs, manufactures, and 
markets professional, medical, industrial and 
commercial products, and services in the sectors 
of test and measurement, environmental, life 
sciences, dental, and industrial technologies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Danaher Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Danaher Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Danaher Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Danone SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Danone SA 
Danone operates as a food processing company. 
The company produces and markets dairy 
products, beverages, baby food, and medical 
nutrition products. Danone serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Danone SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Danone SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Danone SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Danone SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Danske Bank A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
Danske Bank A/S 
Danske Bank A/S operates as a bank. The bank 
offers various types of financial services such as 
personal and commercial loans, currency 
exchange, money transfer, insurance, accounts, 
ATMs, and other related activities. Danske Bank 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Danske Bank A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Danske Bank A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Danske Bank A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Danske Bank A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Darden Restaurants Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Darden Restaurants Inc 
Darden Restaurants, Inc. owns and operates full 
service restaurants. The company operates a 
variety of seafood and Italian restaurants under a 
multitude of brand names. Darden Restaurants 
owns restaurants through North America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Darden Restaurants Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Darden Restaurants Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Darden Restaurants Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Darden Restaurants Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Darling Ingredients Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Darling Ingredients Inc 
Darling Ingredients Inc. collects and recycles 
animal processing by-products and used 
restaurant cooking oil. The company also provides 
grease trap collection services to restaurants. 
Darling processes such raw materials into finished 
products such as tallow, meat and bone meal, and 
yellow grease for sale in the United States and 
overseas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Darling Ingredients Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Darling Ingredients Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Darling Ingredients Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Darling Ingredients Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dassault Systemes SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Dassault Systemes SE 
Dassault Systemes is a technology company. The 
company provides software applications services 
designed to support client company's innovation 
processes. The company's line of business includes 
provision of 3D design software, 3D digital mock 
up and product lifecycle Management. Dassault 
Systemes also provides several software brands. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dassault Systemes SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dassault Systemes SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dassault Systemes SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dassault Systemes SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Datadog Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Datadog Inc 
Datadog, Inc. provides software solutions. The 
company offers cloud-based monitoring and 
analytics platform which integrates and 
automates infrastructure monitoring, application 
performance monitoring, and log management for 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Datadog Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Datadog Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 151 ---
151 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Datadog Inc Index 
2 
Long 
real-time observability of customers. Datadog 
operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Datadog Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Datto Holding Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Datto Holding Corp 
Datto Holding Corp. designs and develops 
application software. The company offers data 
processing, management, and backup, as well as 
server automation, remote monitoring, and other 
related services. Datto Holding serves customers 
in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Datto Holding Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Datto Holding Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Datto Holding Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Datto Holding Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Davide Campari-Milano NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Davide Campari-Milano 
NV 
Davide Campari-Milano N.V. manufactures 
beverages. The company produces various types 
of spirits. Davide Campari-Milano serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Davide Campari-Milano NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Davide Campari-Milano NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Davide Campari-Milano NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Davide Campari-Milano NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DaVita Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
DaVita Inc 
DaVita Inc. provides a variety of health care 
services. The company provides kidney dialysis 
services for patients suffering from chronic kidney 
failure. DaVita serves patients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DaVita Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DaVita Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DaVita Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DaVita Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DCC PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
DCC PLC 
DCC plc is an international sales, marketing and 
support services group . The group operates 
across four divisions: LPG, Retail & Oil, Healthcare 
and Technology.  DCC's strategy is to build a 
growing sustainable and cash generative business 
which consistently provides returns on capital 
employed well in excess of its cost of capital. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DCC PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DCC PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DCC PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DCC PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Dechra Pharmaceuticals 
PLC 
Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC is an international 
pharmaceutical business focused on the 
veterinary market, with its key area of 
specialisation being the development and 
marketing of companion animal products. The 
company operates under four segments, 
European pharmaceuticals, US pharmaceuticals, 
product development and Services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dechra Pharmaceuticals PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Deckers Outdoor Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Deckers Outdoor Corp 
Deckers Outdoor Corporation designs and markets 
footwear and accessories. The company offers 
footwear for men, women and children. Deckers 
sells its products including, accessories such as 
handbags, headwear, and outerwear, through 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Deckers Outdoor Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Deckers Outdoor Corp Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Deckers Outdoor Corp Index 
2 
Long 
domestic retailers and international distributors 
and directly to end-user consumers, through call 
centers and retail concept and outlet stores. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Deckers Outdoor Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Deere & Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Deere & Co 
Deere & Company manufactures and distributes a 
range of agricultural, construction, forestry, and 
commercial and consumer equipment. The 
company supplies replacement parts for its own 
products and for those of other manufacturers. 
Deere also provides product and parts financing 
services. Deere and Company extends its services 
and products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Deere & Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Deere & Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Deere & Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Deere & Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Definitive Healthcare Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Definitive Healthcare 
Corp 
Definitive Healthcare Corp. provides health 
software solutions. The company offers healthcare 
commercial intelligence solutions such as 
healthcare analytics and data management. 
Definitive Healthcare serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Definitive Healthcare Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Definitive Healthcare Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Definitive Healthcare Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Definitive Healthcare Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Deliveroo PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Deliveroo PLC 
Deliveroo PLC provides software solutions. The 
company offers an online food delivery platform 
which allows users to order meals from partner 
restaurants, grocery stores, and other food 
suppliers. Deliveroo serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Deliveroo PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Deliveroo PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Deliveroo PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Deliveroo PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Delivery Hero SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Delivery Hero SE 
Delivery Hero SE provides online food ordering 
services. The company offers pizza, burger, 
organic and prepared food, groceries, flowers, 
coffee, medicines, and other products. Delivery 
Hero serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Delivery Hero SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Delivery Hero SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Delivery Hero SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Delivery Hero SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dell Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Dell Technologies Inc 
Dell Technologies Inc. provides computer 
products. The company offers laptops, desktops, 
tablets, workstations, servers, monitors, printers, 
gateways, software, storage, and net working 
products. Dell Technologies serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dell Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dell Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dell Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dell Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Delta Air Lines Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Delta Air Lines Inc 
Delta Air Lines, Inc. provides scheduled air 
transportation for passengers, freight, and mail 
over a network of routes. The company offers 
flight status information, bookings, baggage 
handling, and other related services. Delta Air 
Lines serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Delta Air Lines Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Delta Air Lines Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Delta Air Lines Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Delta Air Lines Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 153 ---
153 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Demant A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
Demant A/S 
Demant A/S develop, manufacture, and sell 
products and equipment that help people with 
hearing loss connect and communicate. The 
company focus on hearing devices and implants, 
diagnostic instruments, and personal 
communication. Demant serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Demant A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Demant A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Demant A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Demant A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc 
DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc. manufactures dental 
solutions. The company offers endodontics, 
implantology, dental lab, restorative, 
orthodontics, imaging, instruments, and hygiene 
systems. DENTSPLY SIRONA serves clients 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Derwent London PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Derwent London PLC 
Derwent London Plc is a real estate investment 
trust (REIT) with a focus on the central London 
commercial, residential and office development 
market. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Derwent London PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Derwent London PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Derwent London PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Derwent London PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Deutsche Bank AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Deutsche Bank AG is a global financial service 
provider delivering commercial, investment, 
private, and retail banking. The bank offers debt, 
foreign exchange, derivatives, commodities, 
money markets, repo and securitization, cash 
equities, research, equity prime services, loans, 
convertibles, advice on M&A and IPO's, trade 
finance, retail banking, asset management, and 
corporate investments. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Deutsche Bank AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Deutsche Bank AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Deutsche Bank AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Deutsche Bank AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Deutsche Boerse AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Deutsche Boerse AG 
Deutsche Boerse AG provides a variety of stock 
exchange introduction, trading, and operational 
company to institutions and private investors. The 
Company offers electronic trading systems for 
buying and selling of securities on stock exchanges 
in Europe.  Deutsche Boerse offers indices such as 
DAX, MDAX, SDAX, and XTF, as well as trading in 
options and futures. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Deutsche Boerse AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Deutsche Boerse AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Deutsche Boerse AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Deutsche Boerse AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Deutsche Lufthansa AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Deutsche Lufthansa AG 
Deutsche Lufthansa Aktiengesellschaft provides 
passenger and cargo air transportation services 
worldwide. The company offers flight and 
connection programs in North America, 
Scandinavia, and Asia. Deutsche Lufthansa also 
provides travel agency, catering, and aircraft 
maintenance services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Deutsche Lufthansa AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Deutsche Lufthansa AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Deutsche Lufthansa AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Deutsche Lufthansa AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Deutsche Post AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Deutsche Post AG

--- Page 154 ---
154 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Deutsche Post AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Deutsche Post AG operates as a logistics company. 
The company offers letter and parcel dispatch, 
express delivery, freight transport, supply chain 
management, and e-commerce solutions. 
Deutsche Post serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Deutsche Post AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Deutsche Post AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Deutsche Post AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Deutsche Telekom AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Deutsche Telekom AG 
Deutsche Telekom AG offers telecommunications 
services.  The company offers a full range of fixed-
line telephone services, mobile communications 
services, Internet access, and combined 
information technology and telecommunications 
services for businesses. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Deutsche Telekom AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Deutsche Telekom AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Deutsche Telekom AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Deutsche Telekom AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Devon Energy Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Devon Energy Corp 
Devon Energy Corporation operates as an 
independent energy company that is involved 
primarily in oil and gas exploration, development 
and production, the transportation of oil, gas, and 
NGLs and the processing of natural gas. The 
company also has marketing and midstream 
operations primarily in North America that include 
gas, crude oil, and NGLs. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Devon Energy Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Devon Energy Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Devon Energy Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Devon Energy Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dexcom Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Dexcom Inc 
Dexcom, Inc. operates as a medical device 
company focused on the design and development 
of continuous glucose monitoring systems for 
people with diabetes. The company has developed 
a small implantable device that continuously 
measures glucose levels in subcutaneous tissue 
just under the skin and a small external receiver to 
which the sensor transmits glucose levels at 
specified intervals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dexcom Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dexcom Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dexcom Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dexcom Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Diageo PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Diageo PLC 
Diageo plc produces, distills, and markets alcoholic 
beverages. The company offers a wide range of 
branded beverages, including vodkas, whiskeys, 
tequilas, gins, and beer. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Diageo PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Diageo PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Diageo PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Diageo PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Diamondback Energy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Diamondback Energy Inc 
Diamondback Energy Inc operates as an 
independent oil and natural gas company 
currently focused on the acquisition, 
development, exploration, and exploitation of 
unconventional, onshore oil, and natural gas 
reserves in the Permian Basin in West Texas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Diamondback Energy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Diamondback Energy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Diamondback Energy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Diamondback Energy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DiaSorin SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
DiaSorin SpA 
DiaSorin S.p.A. manufactures reagents for in vitro 
diagnostics. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DiaSorin SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DiaSorin SpA Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 155 ---
155 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DiaSorin SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DiaSorin SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dick's Sporting Goods Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Dick's Sporting Goods Inc 
Dick's Sporting Goods, Inc. operates as a sporting 
goods retailer that manages stores primarily in the 
eastern and central United States. The company 
owns stores that offers a broad selection of brand 
name sporting goods equipment, apparel, and 
footwear. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dick's Sporting Goods Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dick's Sporting Goods Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dick's Sporting Goods Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dick's Sporting Goods Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Diebold Nixdorf Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Diebold Nixdorf Inc 
Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated provides automatic 
teller machines, financial, and point of sale (POS) 
services. The company offers electronic card 
systems, monitoring software, fraud control, retail 
cash cycle management, and electronic shelf 
labeling services. Diebold Nixdorf conducts its 
business worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Diebold Nixdorf Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Diebold Nixdorf Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Diebold Nixdorf Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Diebold Nixdorf Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short D'ieteren Group Index 
-1 
Short 
D'ieteren Group 
D'Ieteren Group imports and distributes 
automobiles. The company offers offers passenger 
cars, utility vehicles, and trucks, as well as 
provides parts and accessories. D'Ieteren Group 
serves customers in Belgium. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short D'ieteren Group Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short D'ieteren Group Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long D'ieteren Group Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long D'ieteren Group Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Digi International Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Digi International Inc 
Digi International Inc. provides communication 
software. The company offers digital and cellular 
solutions, embeded systems, servers, connectors, 
and other related hardware products. Digi 
International serves railway, energy, 
transportation, and industrial sectors worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Digi International Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Digi International Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Digi International Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Digi International Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Digimarc Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Digimarc Corp 
Digimarc Corporation provides technology 
services. The company develops solutions, license 
intellectual property, and development services 
for various industries. Digimarc serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Digimarc Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Digimarc Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Digimarc Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Digimarc Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Digital Realty Trust Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Digital Realty Trust Inc 
Digital Realty Trust, Inc. owns, acquires, 
repositions, and manages technology-related real 
estate. The company's properties contain 
applications and operations critical to the day-to-
day operations of technology industry tenants and 
corporate enterprise data center tenants. Digital 
property portfolio is located throughout the 
United States and in England. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Digital Realty Trust Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Digital Realty Trust Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Digital Realty Trust Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Digital Realty Trust Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Digital Turbine Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Digital Turbine Inc 
Digital Turbine, Inc. delivers a mobile services 
platform that works with mobile operators and 
third-party publishers to provide portal 
management, user interface, content 
development and billing technology that enables 
the responsible distribution of mobile 
entertainment. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Digital Turbine Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Digital Turbine Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Digital Turbine Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Digital Turbine Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DigitalOcean Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
DigitalOcean Holdings Inc 
DigitalOcean Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides on-demand infrastructure and platform 
tools for developers, start-ups, and small and 
medium-sized businesses to build, deploy, and 
scale software applications. DigitalOcean Holdings 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DigitalOcean Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DigitalOcean Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DigitalOcean Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DigitalOcean Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dino Polska SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Dino Polska SA 
"Dino Polska" Spolka Akcyjna operates as a 
supermarkets. The company offers meat, 
sausages, groceries, fruits, vegetables, breads, 
food, chemical, cosmetics, and other related 
products. "Dino Polska" serves customers in 
Poland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dino Polska SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dino Polska SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dino Polska SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dino Polska SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Diodes Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Diodes Inc 
Diodes Incorporated manufactures and supplies 
discrete, logic, and analog semiconductor devices 
to consumers in the electronics, computing, 
industrial, communications, and automotive 
markets. The company's products include diodes, 
transistors, MOSFETs, single gate logic, LED 
drivers, and USB switches. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Diodes Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Diodes Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Diodes Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Diodes Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Diploma PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Diploma PLC 
Diploma PLC. is a holding company for a group of 
subsidiaries that distribute and manufacture 
building components and special seals. The 
subsidiaries distribute an assortment of scientific 
and laboratory equipment and 
telecommunications products. The company 
primarily operates throughout the UK, but sells its 
products internationally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Diploma PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Diploma PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Diploma PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Diploma PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Diploma PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Diploma PLC 
Diploma PLC. is a holding company for a group of 
subsidiaries that distribute and manufacture 
building components and special seals. The 
subsidiaries distribute an assortment of scientific 
and laboratory equipment and 
telecommunications products. The company 
primarily operates throughout the UK, but sells its 
products internationally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Diploma PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Diploma PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Diploma PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Diploma PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Direct Line Insurance Group PL 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Direct Line Insurance 
Group PL 
Direct Line Insurance Group plc provides personal 
and commercial insurance and services. The

--- Page 157 ---
157 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Direct Line Insurance Group PL 
Index 
-2 
Short 
company offers a range of insurance products 
including automobile, home, travel, pet, property, 
and accident insurance. Direct Line Insurance 
serves private customers and business clients 
online and by phone throughout the United 
Kingdom, Germany, and Italy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Direct Line Insurance Group PL 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Direct Line Insurance Group PL 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Direct Line Insurance Group PL 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Direct Line Insurance Group PL 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Direct Line Insurance 
Group PL 
Direct Line Insurance Group plc provides personal 
and commercial insurance and services. The 
company offers a range of insurance products 
including automobile, home, travel, pet, property, 
and accident insurance. Direct Line Insurance 
serves private customers and business clients 
online and by phone throughout the United 
Kingdom, Germany, and Italy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Direct Line Insurance Group PL 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Direct Line Insurance Group PL 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Direct Line Insurance Group PL 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Direct Line Insurance Group PL 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Discover Financial Services Index 
-1 
Short 
Discover Financial 
Services 
Discover Financial Services operates as a credit 
card issuer and electronic payment services 
company. The company issues credit cards and 
offers student and personal loans, as well as 
savings products such as certificates of deposit 
and money market accounts. Discover Financial 
Services manages automated teller machine 
networks. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Discover Financial Services Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Discover Financial Services Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Discover Financial Services Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Discover Financial Services Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Discovery Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Discovery Inc 
Discovery, Inc. provides non-fiction 
entertainment. The company operates a wide 
range of educational television channels, as well 
as offers consumer and educational products and 
services and a diversified portfolio of digital media 
services. Discovery serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Discovery Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Discovery Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Discovery Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Discovery Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Discovery Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Discovery Inc 
Discovery, Inc. provides non-fiction 
entertainment. The company operates a wide 
range of educational television channels, as well 
as offers consumer and educational products and 
services and a diversified portfolio of digital media 
services. Discovery serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Discovery Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Discovery Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Discovery Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Discovery Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DISH Network Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
DISH Network Corp 
DISH Network Corp. provides a direct broadcast 
satellite subscription television, audio 
programming, and interactive television services 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DISH Network Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DISH Network Corp Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 158 ---
158 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DISH Network Corp Index 
2 
Long 
to commercial and residential subscribers in the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DISH Network Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Diversey Holdings Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Diversey Holdings Ltd 
Diversey Holdings, Ltd. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
develops and delivers hygiene, infection 
prevention, and cleaning products. Diversey 
Holdings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Diversey Holdings Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Diversey Holdings Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Diversey Holdings Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Diversey Holdings Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DNB Bank ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
DNB Bank ASA 
DNB Bank ASA operates as a bank. The bank offers 
account and card, loans, insurance, money 
transfers, cash management, foreign exchange, 
securities brokerage, and other related services. 
DNB Bank serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DNB Bank ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DNB Bank ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DNB Bank ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DNB Bank ASA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DocuSign Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
DocuSign Inc 
DocuSign, Inc. provides electronic signature 
solutions. The company offers its services to 
mortgage, non-profit, government, real estate, 
insurance, technology, and healthcare industries. 
DocuSign serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DocuSign Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DocuSign Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DocuSign Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DocuSign Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dolby Laboratories Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Dolby Laboratories Inc 
Dolby Laboratories Inc. develops audio signal 
processing systems for the motion picture, 
broadcasting, and music recording industries, as 
well as the consumer market. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dolby Laboratories Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dolby Laboratories Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dolby Laboratories Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dolby Laboratories Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dollar General Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Dollar General Corp 
Dollar General Corporation operates a chain of 
discount retail stores located primarily in the 
southern, southwestern, midwestern, and eastern 
United States. The company offer a broad 
selection of merchandise, including consumable 
products such as food, paper and cleaning 
products, health, beauty, pet supplies, and non-
consumables such as seasonal merchandise. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dollar General Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dollar General Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dollar General Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dollar General Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dollar Tree Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Dollar Tree Inc 
Dollar Tree, Inc. operates a discount variety store 
chain in the United States. The company sells an 
assortment of everyday general merchandise. 
Dollar Tree offers kitchen and dinning, toys, 
books, crafts, cleaning, personal care, glasses, 
food carriers, gifts, and other household products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dollar Tree Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dollar Tree Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dollar Tree Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dollar Tree Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 159 ---
159 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dometic Group AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Dometic Group AB 
Dometic Group AB designs and manufactures 
climate control and convenience products for the 
RV, Marine, and ground transport industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dometic Group AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dometic Group AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dometic Group AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dometic Group AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dominion Energy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Dominion Energy Inc 
Dominion Energy, Inc. produces and transports 
energy products. The company offers natural gas 
and electric energy transmission, gathering, and 
storage solutions. Dominion Energy serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dominion Energy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dominion Energy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dominion Energy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dominion Energy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Domino's Pizza Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Domino's Pizza Inc 
Domino's Pizza, Inc. operates a network of 
company-owned and franchise Domino's Pizza 
stores, located throughout the United States and 
in other countries. The company also operates 
regional dough manufacturing and distribution 
centers in the contiguous United States and 
outside the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Domino's Pizza Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Domino's Pizza Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Domino's Pizza Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Domino's Pizza Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Domo Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Domo Inc 
Domo, Inc. designs and develops enterprise 
software. The company offers a cloud-based 
executive management platform that gives users 
direct and real-time access to business 
information in one place for several industries 
including media and marketing, 
telecommunication, retail, travel and leisure, 
technology, and financial services. Domo conducts 
business in the State of Utah. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Domo Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Domo Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Domo Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Domo Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Donaldson Co Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Donaldson Co Inc 
Donaldson Company, Inc. manufactures filtration 
systems and replacement parts. The company's 
products include filters and emission control 
products for heavy duty mobile equipment, in-
plant air cleaning systems, air intake systems for 
industrial gas turbines, and specialized filters for 
computer disk drives, aircraft cabins, and 
semiconductors. Donaldson operates around the 
world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Donaldson Co Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Donaldson Co Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Donaldson Co Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Donaldson Co Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DoorDash Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
DoorDash Inc 
DoorDash, Inc. provides restaurant food delivery 
services. The company develops technology to 
connect customers with merchants through an on-
demand food delivery application. DoorDash 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DoorDash Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DoorDash Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DoorDash Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DoorDash Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DoubleVerify Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short DoubleVerify Holdings Inc

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DoubleVerify Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
DoubleVerify Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides software platform for digital media 
measurement and analytics. DoubleVerify 
Holdings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DoubleVerify Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DoubleVerify Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DoubleVerify Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Douglas Emmett Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Douglas Emmett Inc 
Douglas Emmett, Inc. operates as a real estate 
investment trust. The company invests in office 
and multi-family properties. Douglas Emmett 
serves customers in the States of California and 
Hawaii. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Douglas Emmett Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Douglas Emmett Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Douglas Emmett Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Douglas Emmett Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dover Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Dover Corp 
Dover Corporation manufactures industrial 
products and manufacturing equipments. The 
company's products includes printing, 
identification, marking and coding systems, waste 
handling, industrial equipments, refrigeration 
systems, display cases, industrial pumps, fuel 
dispensers, nozzles, piping, and electronic tank 
gauge equipments. Dover serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dover Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dover Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dover Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dover Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dow Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Dow Inc 
Dow Inc. produces and distributes chemical 
products. The company manufactures and 
supplies chemicals for liquid injection molding, 
architecture fabrication, leather, textiles, 
automobiles, rubber consumer goods, and food 
industries. Dow serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dow Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dow Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dow Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dow Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DR Horton Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
DR Horton Inc 
D.R. Horton, Inc. constructs and sells single-family 
homes designed primarily for the entry-level and 
move-up markets. The company operates in the 
Midwest, Mid-Atlantic, Southeast, Southwest, and 
Western regions of the United States. D.R. Horton 
also, through its financial services operations, 
provide mortgage financing and title agency 
services to homebuyers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DR Horton Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DR Horton Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DR Horton Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DR Horton Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dr. Martens Plc Index 
-1 
Short 
Dr. Martens Plc 
Dr. Martens Limited manufactures footwear 
products. The company offers boots, shoes, and 
sandals for men and women. Dr. Martens serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dr. Martens Plc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dr. Martens Plc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dr. Martens Plc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dr. Martens Plc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DraftKings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
DraftKings Inc 
DraftKings Inc. is a digital sports entertainment 
and gaming company. The company business-to-
consumer (B2C) segment provides daily fantasy 
sports, sports betting, and online casino products. 
DraftKings business-to-business (B2B) segment 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DraftKings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DraftKings Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 161 ---
161 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DraftKings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
engages in the design, development, and licensing 
of sports betting and casino gaming software. 
DraftKings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DraftKings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Drax Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Drax Group PLC 
Drax Group PLC is a renewable energy company 
engaged in renewable and flexible power 
generation and sales to business customers. The 
company operates a portfolio of biomass, hydro-
electric and pumped hydro storage generation 
assets across the UK and is a large source of 
renewable electricity.  Drax Group also operates a 
global sustainable biomass supply chain. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Drax Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Drax Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Drax Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Drax Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dreyfus Government Cash 
Manage Index 
-1 
Short 
Dreyfus Government 
Cash Manage 
Dreyfus Government Cash Management seeks as 
high a level of current income as is consistent with 
the preservation of capital and the maintenance 
of liquidity by investing in securities issued or 
guaranteed as to principal and interest by the U.S. 
government or its agencies or instrumentalities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dreyfus Government Cash 
Manage Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dreyfus Government Cash 
Manage Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dreyfus Government Cash 
Manage Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dreyfus Government Cash 
Manage Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Driven Brands Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Driven Brands Holdings 
Inc 
Driven Brands Holdings Inc. provides automotive 
services. The company offers paint, collision, glass, 
vehicle repair, oil change, maintenance, and car 
wash services. Driven Brands Holdings serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Driven Brands Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Driven Brands Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Driven Brands Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Driven Brands Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dropbox Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Dropbox Inc 
Dropbox, Inc. designs and develops document 
management software. The company offers a 
platform that enables users to store and share 
files, photos, videos, songs, and spreadsheets. 
Dropbox serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dropbox Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dropbox Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dropbox Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dropbox Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DS Smith PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
DS Smith PLC 
DS Smith Plc provides corrugated packaging 
services. The company offers consumer boxes, 
displays and promotional, protective, trays, retail 
and shelf ready, transit and transport, and 
industrial packaging products. DS Smith serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DS Smith PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DS Smith PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DS Smith PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DS Smith PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DSV A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
DSV A/S 
DSV A/S provides transport and logistics services. 
The company offers road, marine, and air 
transport services, as well as warehousing, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DSV A/S Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 162 ---
162 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DSV A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
purchase order management, and other logistic 
solutions. DSV serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DSV A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DSV A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DT Midstream Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
DT Midstream Inc 
DT Midstream, Inc. owns, operates, and develops 
natural gas midstream interstate pipelines. The 
company focuses on intrastate and gathering 
lateral pipelines, storage, gathering systems and 
compression, treatment, and surface facilities. DT 
Midstream serves clients in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DT Midstream Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DT Midstream Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DT Midstream Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DT Midstream Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DTE Energy Co Index 
-1 
Short 
DTE Energy Co 
DTE Energy Company, a diversified energy 
company, develops and manages energy-related 
businesses and services nationwide. The company, 
through its subsidiaries, generates, purchases, 
transmits, distributes, and sells electric energy in 
southeastern Michigan. DTE is also involved in gas 
pipelines and storage, unconventional gas 
exploration, development, and production. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DTE Energy Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DTE Energy Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DTE Energy Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DTE Energy Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Duck Creek Technologies Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Duck Creek Technologies 
Inc 
Duck Creek Technologies, Inc. develops software 
solutions. The company offers core system 
solutions and professional services to the P&C and 
general insurance industry. Duck Creek 
Technologies serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Duck Creek Technologies Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Duck Creek Technologies Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Duck Creek Technologies Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Duck Creek Technologies Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dufry AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Dufry AG 
Dufry AG operates duty-free shops in countries 
such as Tunisia, Italy, Mexico, France, the United 
Arab Emirates, Singapore, the Caribbean and the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dufry AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dufry AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dufry AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dufry AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Duke Energy Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Duke Energy Corp 
Duke Energy Corporation is an energy company 
located primarily in the Americas that owns an 
integrated network of energy assets. The company 
manages a portfolio of natural gas and electric 
supply, delivery, and trading businesses in the 
United States and Latin America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Duke Energy Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Duke Energy Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Duke Energy Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Duke Energy Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Duke Realty Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Duke Realty Corp

--- Page 163 ---
163 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Duke Realty Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Duke Realty Corporation operates as an owner, 
developer, and manager of logistics and industrial 
properties The company provides development, 
leasing, property management, construction, and 
other related services. Duke Realty serves clients 
in the Unites States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Duke Realty Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Duke Realty Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Duke Realty Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dun & Bradstreet Holdings Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Dun & Bradstreet 
Holdings Inc 
Dun & Bradstreet Holdings, Inc. provides data and 
analytics solutions. The company delivers 
workflows to inform commercial credit decisions 
and other related services. Dun & Bradstreet 
Holdings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dun & Bradstreet Holdings Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dun & Bradstreet Holdings Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dun & Bradstreet Holdings Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dun & Bradstreet Holdings Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DuPont de Nemours Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
DuPont de Nemours Inc 
DuPont de Nemours, Inc. provides technology 
based materials and solutions. The company 
offers a diverse range of products, such as 
construction materials, adhesives, electronic, 
fabrics, fibers, home garden, medical devices, 
resins, printing, and consumer products. DuPont 
de Nemours serves energy, automotive, 
construction, government, military, safety, and 
packaging industries globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DuPont de Nemours Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DuPont de Nemours Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DuPont de Nemours Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DuPont de Nemours Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short DXC Technology Co Index 
-1 
Short 
DXC Technology Co 
DXC Technology Company provides information 
technology services. The company offers analytics, 
applications, business process, cloud and 
workload, consulting, and security services and 
solutions. DXC Technology serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short DXC Technology Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short DXC Technology Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long DXC Technology Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long DXC Technology Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Dynatrace Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Dynatrace Inc 
Dynatrace, Inc. operates as a holding company. 
The company, through its subsidiaries, develops 
software intelligence platform for the enterprise 
cloud. Dynatrace offers software intelligence 
platform to allow customers to modernize and 
automate IT operations, develop and release high 
quality software faster, and improve user 
experiences for better business outcomes. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Dynatrace Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Dynatrace Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Dynatrace Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Dynatrace Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short E.ON SE Index 
-1 
Short 
E.ON SE 
E.ON SE operates as an international and 
privately-owned energy supplier. The company's 
main segments are renewable, developing and 
operating renewable assets, energy networks, 
power and gas distribution business, and 
customer solutions which develops energy 
solutions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short E.ON SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short E.ON SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long E.ON SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long E.ON SE Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short E2open Parent Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
E2open Parent Holdings 
Inc 
E2open Parent Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
develops intelligent supply chain software 
solutions. E2open Parent Holdings serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short E2open Parent Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short E2open Parent Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long E2open Parent Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long E2open Parent Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Eagle Materials Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Eagle Materials Inc 
Eagle Materials Inc. manufactures and distributes 
cement, gypsum wallboard, recycled paperboard, 
and concrete and aggregates. The company's 
products are used in the construction of homes, 
commercial and industrial buildings, and 
governmental buildings across the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Eagle Materials Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Eagle Materials Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Eagle Materials Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Eagle Materials Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short East West Bancorp Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
East West Bancorp Inc 
East West Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for 
East-West Bank. The bank is a commercial bank 
specializing in commercial, construction, and real 
estate lending, as well as financing international 
trade. East-West operates throughout Los 
Angeles, Orange, San Francisco, and Santa Clara 
counties. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short East West Bancorp Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short East West Bancorp Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long East West Bancorp Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long East West Bancorp Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Eastman Chemical Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Eastman Chemical Co 
Eastman Chemical Company is an international 
chemical company which produces chemicals, 
fibers, and plastics. The company's operations 
include coatings, adhesives, specialty polymers, 
inks, fibers, performance chemicals and 
intermediates, performance polymers, and 
specialty plastics. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Eastman Chemical Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Eastman Chemical Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Eastman Chemical Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Eastman Chemical Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Eaton Corp PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Eaton Corp PLC 
Eaton Corporation PLC manufactures engineered 
products for the industrial, vehicle, construction, 
commercial, and aerospace markets. The company 
offers hydraulic products and fluid connectors, 
electrical power distribution and control 
equipment, truck drivetrain systems, engine 
components, and a wide variety of controls. Eaton 
conducts business worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Eaton Corp PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Eaton Corp PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Eaton Corp PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Eaton Corp PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short eBay Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
eBay Inc 
eBay Inc. is a global commerce company. The 
company's platforms are designed to enable 
sellers worldwide to organize and offer their 
inventory for sale and buyers to find and buy it. 
eBay's items can be new or used, plain or 
luxurious, commonplace or rare, trendy or one-of-
a-kind. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short eBay Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short eBay Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long eBay Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long eBay Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ebix Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ebix Inc 
Ebix, Inc. supplies software and electronic 
commerce solutions to the insurance industry. The 
company provides a series of application software 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ebix Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ebix Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
ranging from carrier systems, agency systems, and 
exchanges to custom software development for all 
entities involved in the insurance and financial 
industries. Ebix offers products, support, and 
consultancy to customers on several continents. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ebix Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ebix Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ecolab Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ecolab Inc 
Ecolab Inc. is a global provider of water, hygiene, 
and infection prevention solutions for customers 
in food, healthcare, hospitality, industrial and oil 
and gas markets. The company's services include 
food safety, sanitation, optimization of water and 
energy use, improvement of operational efficiency 
and sustainability. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ecolab Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ecolab Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ecolab Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ecolab Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Edenred Index 
-1 
Short 
Edenred 
Edenred offers prepaid vouchers for products and 
services.  The Company's vouchers for restaurant 
meals, childcare, and other products and services 
are used to reward employees and loyal 
customers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Edenred Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Edenred Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Edenred Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Edenred Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Edison International Index 
-1 
Short 
Edison International 
Edison International, through its subsidiaries, 
develops, acquires, owns, and operates electric 
power generation facilities worldwide. The 
company also provides capital and financial 
services for energy and infrastructure projects, as 
well as manages and sells real estate projects. 
Edison provides integrated energy services, utility 
outsourcing, and consumer products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Edison International Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Edison International Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Edison International Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Edison International Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short EDP - Energias de Portugal SA 
Index 
-1 
Short 
EDP - Energias de 
Portugal SA 
EDP - Energias de Portugal, S.A. generates, 
supplies and distributes electricity and the supply 
of gas in Portugal and Spain. Through subsidiaries, 
the company is involved with electricity 
distribution, generation and supply in Brazil, and 
wind power promotion, construction and 
operations in Spain, Portugal, France and Belgium. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short EDP - Energias de Portugal SA 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short EDP - Energias de Portugal SA 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long EDP - Energias de Portugal SA 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long EDP - Energias de Portugal SA 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short EDP Renovaveis SA Index 
-1 
Short 
EDP Renovaveis SA 
EDP Renovaveis SA designs, develops, manages, 
and operates power plants. The company 
generates electricity using renewable energy 
sources through wind energy. EDP Renovaveis 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short EDP Renovaveis SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short EDP Renovaveis SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long EDP Renovaveis SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long EDP Renovaveis SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Edwards Lifesciences Corp Index 
-1 
Short

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Edwards Lifesciences Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Edwards Lifesciences 
Corp 
Edwards Lifesciences Corporation designs, 
develops, manufactures, and markets products 
and services to treat late-stage cardiovascular 
disease. The company offers products such as 
tissue replacement heart valves, heart valve 
repair, hemodynamic monitoring devices, 
angioscopy equipment, oxygenators, and 
pharmaceuticals. Edwards Lifesciences supplies its 
products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Edwards Lifesciences Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Edwards Lifesciences Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Edwards Lifesciences Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Eiffage SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Eiffage SA 
Eiffage SA is a contractor and a concessionaire. 
The company operates through numerous 
business lines, including concessions and public-
private partnerships, construction, public works, 
energy, metal. Eiffage offers its products and 
services throughout Europe and Senegal. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Eiffage SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Eiffage SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Eiffage SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Eiffage SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Elanco Animal Health Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Elanco Animal Health Inc 
Elanco Animal Health Incorporated operates as an 
animal health care company. The company 
develops, manufactures, and markets products for 
companion and food animals. Elanco Animal 
Health serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Elanco Animal Health Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Elanco Animal Health Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Elanco Animal Health Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Elanco Animal Health Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Elastic NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Elastic NV 
Elastic N.V. provides information technology and 
data analysis services. The company offers 
monitoring, security analysis, enterprise search, 
cloud computing, and open source application 
performance monitoring solutions. Elastic serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Elastic NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Elastic NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Elastic NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Elastic NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Electricite de France SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Electricite de France SA 
Electricite de France (EDF) produces, transmits, 
distributes, imports and exports electricity.  The 
company, using nuclear power, coal and gas, 
provides electricity for French energy consumers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Electricite de France SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Electricite de France SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Electricite de France SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Electricite de France SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Electrocomponents PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Electrocomponents PLC 
Electrocomponents plc distributes electronics and 
maintenance products.  The company offers 
products through catalogues, the internet, and at 
trade counters.  Electrocomponents PLC's 
products include electronics, electrical, 
mechanical, automation, and health and safety 
components. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Electrocomponents PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Electrocomponents PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Electrocomponents PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Electrocomponents PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Electrocomponents PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Electrocomponents PLC 
Electrocomponents plc distributes electronics and 
maintenance products.  The company offers 
products through catalogues, the internet, and at 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Electrocomponents PLC Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 167 ---
167 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Electrocomponents PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
trade counters.  Electrocomponents PLC's 
products include electronics, electrical, 
mechanical, automation, and health and safety 
components. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Electrocomponents PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Electrocomponents PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Electrolux AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Electrolux AB 
Electrolux AB is an appliance company based in 
Sweden. The company's products include 
refrigerators, dishwashers, washing machines, 
cookers, vacuum cleaners, air conditioners and 
small domestic appliances. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Electrolux AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Electrolux AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Electrolux AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Electrolux AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Electronic Arts Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Electronic Arts Inc 
Electronic Arts Inc. develops, publishes, and 
distributes branded interactive entertainment 
software worldwide for video game consoles, 
personal computers, handheld game players, and 
cellular handsets. The company also provides 
online game-related services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Electronic Arts Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Electronic Arts Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Electronic Arts Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Electronic Arts Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Elekta AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Elekta AB 
Elekta AB produces and sells advanced medical 
products for treatment of neurological disorders 
and radiation of cancer.  The company has 
developed the Gamma Knife, a non-invasive 
surgical tool for the management of small and 
hard to locate intracranial lesions, as well as a 
complete system for stereotactic neurosurgery.  
Elekta markets worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Elekta AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Elekta AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Elekta AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Elekta AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Element Solutions Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Element Solutions Inc 
Element Solutions Inc operates as a specialty 
chemicals company. The company manufactures 
and supplies specialty chemicals used by the 
electronics, metal and plastic plating, graphic arts, 
and offshore oil production and drilling industries. 
Element Solutions serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Element Solutions Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Element Solutions Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Element Solutions Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Element Solutions Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Eli Lilly & Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Eli Lilly & Co 
Eli Lilly and Company discovers, develops, 
manufactures, and sells pharmaceutical products 
for humans and animals. The company products 
are sold in countries around the world. Eli Lilly 
products include neuroscience, endocrine, anti-
infectives, cardiovascular agents, oncology, and 
animal health products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Eli Lilly & Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Eli Lilly & Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Eli Lilly & Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Eli Lilly & Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Elia Group SA/NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Elia Group SA/NV 
Elia Group SA operates as an electricity 
transmission company. The company supplies and 
distributes electricity over high-voltage levels, as 
well as offers consulting services. Elia Group 
serves customers in Belgium and the United 
Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Elia Group SA/NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Elia Group SA/NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Elia Group SA/NV Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 168 ---
168 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Elia Group SA/NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Elis SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Elis SA 
Elis SA provides commercial services. The 
company offers rental and cleaning of textile and 
hygiene articles such as workwear, linen, air 
purification products, dryers, personal protection 
equipment, automatic dispensers, mats, mops, 
beverage machines, consumables, and 
accessories. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Elis SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Elis SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Elis SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Elis SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Elisa Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Elisa Oyj 
Elisa Oyj provides telecommunication solutions. 
The Company provides local, long distance, mobile 
telephone, and data transmission services. Elisa 
also operates as a service integrator by connecting 
customers' telecom solutions and related IT 
(information technology) applications. The 
company sells to private individuals and 
businesses in Finland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Elisa Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Elisa Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Elisa Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Elisa Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Emerson Electric Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Emerson Electric Co 
Emerson Electric Co. designs and manufactures 
electronic and electrical equipment, software, 
systems, and services. The company offers its 
products for industrial, commercial, and consumer 
markets worldwide through its network power, 
process management, industrial automation, 
climate technologies, and commercial and 
residential solutions divisions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Emerson Electric Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Emerson Electric Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Emerson Electric Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Emerson Electric Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short EMS-Chemie Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
EMS-Chemie Holding AG 
Ems-Chemie Holding AG manufactures and 
markets performance polymers, high-grade 
chemical intermediates, fine chemicals, and 
protective bonding, coating and sealing products.  
The company supplies its products to the 
automotive, transportation, and textile industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short EMS-Chemie Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short EMS-Chemie Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long EMS-Chemie Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long EMS-Chemie Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Enagas SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Enagas SA 
Enagas SA imports, stores, and transports natural 
gas. The company imports liquid natural gas on 
methane carriers and operates regasification 
plants in Barcelona, Huelva, and Cartagena. 
Enagas also receives natural gas through pipelines 
over the Pyrenees Mountains and across the Strait 
of Gibraltar. The company transports gas 
throughout Spain through its high-pressure 
pipelines. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Enagas SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Enagas SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Enagas SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Enagas SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Encompass Health Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Encompass Health Corp 
Encompass Health Corporation provides inpatient 
rehabilitative healthcare services.  The company 
operates inpatient rehabilitation hospitals, 
outpatient and rehabilitation satellites, and home 
health agencies. Encompass Health provides 
treatment on both an inpatient and outpatient 
basis. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Encompass Health Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Encompass Health Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Encompass Health Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Encompass Health Corp Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 169 ---
169 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Endesa SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Endesa SA 
Endesa S.A. is active in the generation, 
transmission, distribution, and commercialization 
of electricity in Spain, Portugal, and North Africa. 
The company is also a major operator in the 
natural gas market and offers other services 
related to the energy business. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Endesa SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Endesa SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Endesa SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Endesa SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Enel SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Enel SpA 
Enel SpA operates as a multinational power 
company and an integrated player in the global 
power, gas, and renewables markets. The 
company produces energy and distributes 
electricity for business and household end users 
globally. Enel manages wind, solar, geothermal, 
and hydropower plants in Europe, the Americas, 
Africa, Asia, and Oceania. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Enel SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Enel SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Enel SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Enel SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Engie SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Engie SA 
Engie SA offers a full range of electricity, gas and 
associated energy and environment services 
throughout the world. The company produces, 
trades, transports, stores, and distributes natural 
gas, and offers energy management and climatic 
and thermal engineering services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Engie SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Engie SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Engie SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Engie SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Eni SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Eni SpA 
Eni SpA explores for and produces hydrocarbons 
in Italy, Africa, the North Sea, the Gulf of Mexico, 
Kazakhstan, and Australia. The company both 
produces natural gas and imports it for sale in Italy 
and elsewhere in Europe. Eni transports natural 
gas in pipelines. The Company generates and 
trades electricity, refines oil, and operates 
gasoline service stations. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Eni SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Eni SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Eni SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Eni SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Enphase Energy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Enphase Energy Inc 
Enphase Energy, Inc. manufactures solar energy 
equipment. The company offers home and 
commercial solar and storage solutions. Enphase 
Energy serves clients in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Enphase Energy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Enphase Energy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Enphase Energy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Enphase Energy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Entain PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Entain PLC 
Entain plc is a sports betting and gambling 
company operating in the online and retail sector. 
The company owns brands such as Bwin, Coral, 
Ladbrokes, PartyPoker, and Sportingbet. Entain 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Entain PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Entain PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Entain PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Entain PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Entegris Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Entegris Inc 
Entegris, Inc. provides materials management 
products and services to the microelectronics 
industry on a worldwide basis. The company 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Entegris Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Entegris Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
provides products such as wafer shippers, wafer 
transport and process carriers, pods, and work-in-
process boxes. Entegris also provides chemical 
delivery products such as valves, fittings, tubing, 
pipe, and containers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Entegris Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Entegris Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Entergy Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Entergy Corp 
Entergy Corporation is an integrated energy 
company that is primarily focused on electric 
power production and retail electric distribution 
operations. The company delivers electricity to 
utility customers in Arkansas, Louisiana, 
Mississippi, and Texas. Entergy also owns and 
operates nuclear plants in the northern United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Entergy Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Entergy Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Entergy Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Entergy Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Envestnet Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Envestnet Inc 
Envestnet, Inc. provides intelligent systems to the 
nation's banks and registered investment advisers. 
The company innovative technology and services 
allow clients to achieve improved financial 
outcomes and make financial wellness attainable. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Envestnet Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Envestnet Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Envestnet Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Envestnet Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Envista Holdings Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Envista Holdings Corp 
Envista Holdings Corporation operates as a 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, provides dental consumables, 
equipment, and services to dental professionals. 
Envista Holdings offers its services in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Envista Holdings Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Envista Holdings Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Envista Holdings Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Envista Holdings Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short EOG Resources Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
EOG Resources Inc 
EOG Resources, Inc. explores, develops, produces, 
and markets natural gas and crude oil. The 
company operates in major producing basins in 
the United States, Canada, Trinidad, the United 
Kingdom North Sea, China, and from time to time 
select other international areas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short EOG Resources Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short EOG Resources Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long EOG Resources Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long EOG Resources Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short EPAM Systems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
EPAM Systems Inc 
EPAM Systems, Inc. offers information technology 
services. The company provides software 
development, outsourcing services, e-business, 
enterprise relationship management, and content 
management solutions. EPAM Systems serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short EPAM Systems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short EPAM Systems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long EPAM Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long EPAM Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Epiroc AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Epiroc AB 
Epiroc Aktiebolag provides construction and 
mining machinery. The company develops and 
manufactures drill rigs, loaders and forklifts, rock 
drilling tools, bolters, breakers, pulverizers, 
concrete shears, steel scissors, grippers, 
compactors, bucket crushers, and underground 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Epiroc AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Epiroc AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Epiroc AB Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Epiroc AB Index 
3 
Long 
ventilation systems. Epiroc serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ePlus Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ePlus Inc 
ePlus inc. provides IT hardware, software, and 
services. The company offers IT solutions for data 
center, cloud computing, security, managed and 
professional services, lease financing, proprietary 
software, and other related products. ePlus 
focuses on serving the middle market and larger 
commercial enterprises, as well as state and local 
governments. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ePlus Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ePlus Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ePlus Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ePlus Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short EPR Properties Index 
-1 
Short 
EPR Properties 
EPR Properties operates as a real estate 
investment trust. The company acquires and 
develops properties leased to entertainment and 
entertainment related business operators 
generally under long-term triple net leases. The 
company plans to focus primarily on megaplex 
theaters and entertainment themed retail centers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short EPR Properties Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short EPR Properties Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long EPR Properties Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long EPR Properties Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short EQT AB Index 
-1 
Short 
EQT AB 
EQT AB operates as an investment firm. The 
company invests in equity, ventures, 
infrastructure, and real estate properties. EQT 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short EQT AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short EQT AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long EQT AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long EQT AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short EQT Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
EQT Corp 
EQT Corporation is an integrated energy company 
with emphasis on Appalachian area natural-gas 
supply, transmission, and distribution. The 
company, through its subsidiaries, offer natural 
gas products to wholesale and retail customers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short EQT Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short EQT Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long EQT Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long EQT Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Equifax Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Equifax Inc 
Equifax Inc. brings buyers and sellers together 
through its information management, transaction 
processing, direct marketing, and customer 
relationship management businesses. The 
company serves the financial services, retail, 
credit card, telecommunications, utilities, 
transportation, information technology, and 
healthcare industries and government. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Equifax Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Equifax Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Equifax Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Equifax Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Equinix Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Equinix Inc 
Equinix, Inc. operates as a real estate investment 
trust. The company invests in interconnected data 
centers. Equinix focuses on developing network 
and cloud-neutral data center platform for cloud 
and information technology, enterprises, network, 
and mobile services providers, as well as for 
financial companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Equinix Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Equinix Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Equinix Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Equinix Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Equinor ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
Equinor ASA 
Equinor ASA operates as an energy company. The 
company develops oil, gas, wind, and solar energy 
projects, as well as focuses on offshore operations 
and exploration services. Equinor serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Equinor ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Equinor ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Equinor ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Equinor ASA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Equitable Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Equitable Holdings Inc 
Equitable Holdings, Inc. is an independent U.S.-
based financial services company. The company, 
through its subsidiaries, provides advice, 
protection, retirement strategies, and investment-
management and research. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Equitable Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Equitable Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Equitable Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Equitable Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Equity LifeStyle Properties In 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Equity LifeStyle 
Properties In 
Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. owns an interest in 
communities in the United States and western 
Canada. The company acquires properties such as 
camping grounds and seasonal resort 
communities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Equity LifeStyle Properties In 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Equity LifeStyle Properties In 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Equity LifeStyle Properties In 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Equity LifeStyle Properties In 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Equity Residential Index 
-1 
Short 
Equity Residential 
Equity Residential is a real estate investment trust. 
The trust acquires, develops, and manages 
apartment complexes in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Equity Residential Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Equity Residential Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Equity Residential Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Equity Residential Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Erie Indemnity Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Erie Indemnity Co 
Erie Indemnity Company is the management 
company for the Erie Insurance Exchange. The 
company is also involved in the property and 
casualty insurance business through its wholly-
owned subsidiaries and through its management 
of Flagship City Insurance Company. Erie 
Indemnity sells auto, home, life and business 
insurance in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Erie Indemnity Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Erie Indemnity Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Erie Indemnity Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Erie Indemnity Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Erste Group Bank AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Erste Group Bank AG 
Erste Group Bank AG is a global bank. The bank 
accepts deposits as well as carries on activities in 
the retail, corporate, and investment banking 
sectors. Erste Group Bank has main operations in 
Europe, with headquarters in Wien, Austria. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Erste Group Bank AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Erste Group Bank AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Erste Group Bank AG Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Erste Group Bank AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Essential Utilities Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Essential Utilities Inc 
Essential Utilities, Inc. operates as a water utility 
company. The company supplies water to 
residential, commercial, industrial, and public 
customers. Essential Utilities serves residents 
through its water and wastewater operations in 
the Northeastern Southeastern, and Midwestern 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Essential Utilities Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Essential Utilities Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Essential Utilities Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Essential Utilities Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Essex Property Trust Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Essex Property Trust Inc 
Essex Property Trust, Inc. is a self-administered 
and self-managed real estate investment trust 
company. The company specializes in acquiring, 
developing, and managing multifamily residential 
properties. Essex has ownership interests in 
residential properties and commercial properties 
located in the States of California and Washington. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Essex Property Trust Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Essex Property Trust Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Essex Property Trust Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Essex Property Trust Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short EssilorLuxottica SA Index 
-1 
Short 
EssilorLuxottica SA 
EssilorLuxottica manufactures eyewear. The Co 
company mpany offers sun glasses, lenses, and 
other eye care products. EssilorLuxottica serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short EssilorLuxottica SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short EssilorLuxottica SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long EssilorLuxottica SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long EssilorLuxottica SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Essity AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Essity AB 
Essity Aktiebolag develops, produces, and sells 
personal care products. The Co company mpany 
offers products such as toilet papers, household 
towels, handkerchiefs, facial tissues, hand 
sanitizers, dispensers, wet wipes, and napkins. 
Essity markets its products globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Essity AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Essity AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Essity AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Essity AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Estee Lauder Cos Inc/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Estee Lauder Cos Inc/The 
The Estee Lauder Companies Inc. manufactures 
and markets a wide range of skin care, makeup, 
fragrance, and hair care products. The company's 
products are sold in countries and territories 
around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Estee Lauder Cos Inc/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Estee Lauder Cos Inc/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Estee Lauder Cos Inc/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Estee Lauder Cos Inc/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Etablissements Franz Colruyt N 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Etablissements Franz 
Colruyt N 
Etablissements Franz Colruyt NV retails goods and 
provides computer and printing services. The 
company offers food and non-food items through 
Colruyt supermarkets, and Coccinelle, UGA, and 
Codi Cash supermarkets and cash and carry stores. 
Etablissements Franz Colruyt  markets computers 
and offers 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Etablissements Franz Colruyt N 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Etablissements Franz Colruyt N 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Etablissements Franz Colruyt N 
Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 174 ---
174 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Etablissements Franz Colruyt N 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Etsy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Etsy Inc 
Etsy, Inc. provides e-commerce services. The 
company offers handmade and vintage items, art, 
and supplies, as well as regular items such as 
clothing, housewares, paper goods, candles, bags 
and purses, music, and wood working items. Etsy 
serves customers throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Etsy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Etsy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Etsy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Etsy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Eurazeo SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Eurazeo SE 
Eurazeo operates as an investment company. The 
company covers private equity segments through 
its business divisions which includes investment in 
small and medium-sized enterprises and assists 
companies by setting up financial and human 
resources for their development. Eurazeo serves 
clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Eurazeo SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Eurazeo SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Eurazeo SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Eurazeo SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Eurofins Scientific SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Eurofins Scientific SE 
Eurofins Scientific SE offers laboratory safety and 
purity analysis. The company provides analytical 
testing services to the pharmaceutical, food, 
environmental, and consumer products industries. 
Eurofins Scientific serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Eurofins Scientific SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Eurofins Scientific SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Eurofins Scientific SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Eurofins Scientific SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Euronet Worldwide Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Euronet Worldwide Inc 
Euronet Worldwide, Inc. provides electronic 
financial transaction solutions. The company 
offers financial payment middleware, financial 
network gateways, outsourcing, and consulting 
services to financial institutions and mobile 
operators. Euronet has processing centers located 
in the United States, Europe, and Asia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Euronet Worldwide Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Euronet Worldwide Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Euronet Worldwide Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Euronet Worldwide Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Euronext NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Euronext NV 
Euronext NV is a pan-European stock exchange.  It 
resulted from the merger of the exchanges of 
Amsterdam, Brussels, Lisbon, and Paris.  Euronext 
is a fully integrated cross-border single currency 
stock, derivatives, and commodities market. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Euronext NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Euronext NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Euronext NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Euronext NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Everbridge Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Everbridge Inc 
Everbridge, Inc. operates as an enterprise 
software company. The company provides 
applications that automate the delivery of critical 
information to help keep people safe and 
businesses running. Everbridge offers a software-
as-a-service platform that deliver messaging to a 
large group of people during critical situations. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Everbridge Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Everbridge Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Everbridge Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Everbridge Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Evercore Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Evercore Inc

--- Page 175 ---
175 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Evercore Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Evercore Inc. operates as an investment banking 
company. The company provides advisory services 
to multinational corporations on mergers, 
acquisitions, divestiture, restructuring, and other 
corporate transactions. Evercore also offers 
investment management, independent fiduciary, 
and trustee services to institutional investors, 
financial sponsors, and individuals worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Evercore Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Evercore Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Evercore Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Everest Re Group Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Everest Re Group Ltd 
Everest Re Group, Ltd. provides reinsurance to 
property and casualty insurers in the United States 
and international markets. The company also 
provides property and casualty insurance to 
policyholders in the United States and Canada. In 
addition, Everest Re offers excess and surplus lines 
insurance in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Everest Re Group Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Everest Re Group Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Everest Re Group Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Everest Re Group Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Evergy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Evergy Inc 
Evergy, Inc. provides electricity generation, 
transmission, and distribution services. The 
company offers its services in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Evergy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Evergy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Evergy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Evergy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Eversource Energy Index 
-1 
Short 
Eversource Energy 
Eversource Energy is a public utility holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides electric service to customers in 
Connecticut, New Hampshire, and western 
Massachusetts. Eversource Energy also distributes 
natural gas throughout Connecticut. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Eversource Energy Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Eversource Energy Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Eversource Energy Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Eversource Energy Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short EVERTEC Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
EVERTEC Inc 
EVERTEC, Inc. operates a full service transaction 
processing business. The company offers 
merchant acquiring, payment processing, and 
business process management services. EVERTEC 
provides its services in Latin America and the 
Caribbean. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short EVERTEC Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short EVERTEC Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long EVERTEC Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long EVERTEC Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Evo Payments Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Evo Payments Inc 
Evo Payments, Inc. operates as a payment 
technology and services provider. The company 
offers payment solutions to the merchants ranging 
from micro-enterprises to multinational 
companies and organizations. Evo Payments 
serves customers North America and Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Evo Payments Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Evo Payments Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Evo Payments Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Evo Payments Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Evolution AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Evolution AB 
Evolution AB operates as a gaming company. The 
company develops, produces, markets and 
licenses fully integrated B2B live casino solutions 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Evolution AB Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Evolution AB Index 
-3 
Short 
to online casino operators. Evolution serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Evolution AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Evolution AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Evonik Industries AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Evonik Industries AG 
Evonik Industries AG manufactures specialty 
chemicals. The company offers different products 
in the field of consumer goods, animal nutrition, 
and pharmaceuticals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Evonik Industries AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Evonik Industries AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Evonik Industries AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Evonik Industries AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Evotec SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Evotec SE 
Evotec SE operates as a pharmaceutical company. 
The company specializes in drug discovery 
solutions in the areas of neuroscience, diabetes, 
pain and inflammation, oncology, infectious 
diseases, respiratory, and fibrosis. Evotec serves 
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Evotec SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Evotec SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Evotec SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Evotec SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Exact Sciences Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Exact Sciences Corp 
Exact Sciences Corp., is focused on developing and 
commercializing a non-invasive molecular 
screening test for the early detection and 
prevention of colorectal cancer. The company's 
test is a stool-based DNA test that identifies both 
pre-cancer and cancer by detecting genetic 
mutations in colorectal cancer cells. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Exact Sciences Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Exact Sciences Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Exact Sciences Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Exact Sciences Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Exelixis Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Exelixis Inc 
Exelixis, Inc. operates as a development-stage 
biotechnology company focuses on discovery and 
development of small-molecule therapeutics for 
the treatment of cancer and other serious 
diseases. The company offers medicines to treat 
and defeat kidney and thyroid cancer and 
advanced melanoma. Exelixis develops strategic 
alliances with pharmaceutical and biotechnology 
companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Exelixis Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Exelixis Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Exelixis Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Exelixis Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Exelon Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Exelon Corp 
Exelon Corporation is a utility services holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
distributes electricity to customers in Illinois and 
Pennsylvania. Exelon also distributes gas to 
customers in the Philadelphia area as well as 
operates nuclear power plants in states that 
include Pennsylvania and New Jersey. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Exelon Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Exelon Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Exelon Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Exelon Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ExlService Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ExlService Holdings Inc 
Exlservice Holdings Inc. provides offshore business 
process outsourcing solutions, primarily serving 
the needs of global companies in the banking, 
financial services, and insurance areas. The 
company offers collections, cash management, 
loan servicing, research and reconciliation finance 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ExlService Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ExlService Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ExlService Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 177 ---
177 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ExlService Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
and accounting processes, customer and technical 
support. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short EXOR NV Index 
-1 
Short 
EXOR NV 
EXOR N.V. is a diversified holding company. The 
company brings in finance for the development of 
its companies, to improve their competitive 
position and profitability, and maintains a 
constant dialogue with the top management of 
the companies in which it invests, while fully 
respecting their operating autonomy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short EXOR NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short EXOR NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long EXOR NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long EXOR NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Expedia Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Expedia Group Inc 
Expedia Group, Inc. provides online travel services 
for leisure and small business travelers. The 
company offers a wide range of travel shopping 
and reservation services, as well as provides real-
time access to schedule, pricing, and availability 
information for airlines, hotels, and car rental 
companies. Expedia Group serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Expedia Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Expedia Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Expedia Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Expedia Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Expeditors International of Wa 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Expeditors International 
of Wa 
Expeditors International of Washington, Inc. is a 
global logistics company. The company provides 
air and ocean freight forwarding, vendor 
consolidation, customs clearance, marine 
insurance, distribution, and other international 
logistics services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Expeditors International of Wa 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Expeditors International of Wa 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Expeditors International of Wa 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Expeditors International of Wa 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Experian PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Experian PLC 
Experian PLC offers credit and marketing services. 
The company manages large databases that 
enable credit granting and monitoring, and help 
minimize fraud and credit risk; offers specialist 
analytical solutions for credit scoring, risk 
management, and processing applications; 
processes checks and credit cards; and offers 
consumers credit reports and scores. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Experian PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Experian PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Experian PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Experian PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Extra Space Storage Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Extra Space Storage Inc 
Extra Space Storage Inc. operates as a fully 
integrated, self-administered, and self-managed 
real estate investment trust. The company owns, 
operates, acquires, develops, and redevelops 
professionally managed self-storage properties. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Extra Space Storage Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Extra Space Storage Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Extra Space Storage Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Extra Space Storage Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Extreme Networks Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Extreme Networks Inc 
Extreme Networks, Inc. provides technology 
solutions. The company delivers cloud-driven 
networking solutions that leverage the powers of 
machine learning, artificial intelligence, analytics, 
and automation. Extreme Networks designs, and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Extreme Networks Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Extreme Networks Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 178 ---
178 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Extreme Networks Inc Index 
2 
Long 
manufactures network infrastructure equipment 
and develops the software for network 
management, policy, analytics, security, and 
access controls. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Extreme Networks Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Exxon Mobil Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Exxon Mobil Corp 
Exxon Mobil Corporation operates petroleum and 
petro chemicals businesses. The company 
provides operations include exploration and 
production of oil and gas, electric power 
generation, and coal and minerals operations. 
Exxon Mobil also manufactures and markets fuels, 
lubricants, and chemicals. Exxon Mobil serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Exxon Mobil Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Exxon Mobil Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Exxon Mobil Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Exxon Mobil Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short F5 Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
F5 Inc 
F5, Inc. provides integrated internet traffic 
management solutions. The company offers 
software-based solutions, as well as manage, 
control, and optimize internet traffic and content. 
F5 also offers solutions automatically deliver 
internet content for service providers and e-
businesses. F5 serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short F5 Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short F5 Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long F5 Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long F5 Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fabege AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Fabege AB 
Fabege AB owns, develops, and manages 
properties and construction projects in Sweden.  
The company primarily concentrates on 
commercial properties in the Stockholm region. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fabege AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fabege AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fabege AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fabege AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fabrinet Index 
-1 
Short 
Fabrinet 
Fabrinet offers outsourced process engineering 
and manufacturing services. The company 
contracts to manufacture optical communications, 
automotive, industrial and imaging components, 
sub-assemblies, and modules for its original 
equipment manufacturer customers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fabrinet Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fabrinet Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fabrinet Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fabrinet Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FactSet Research Systems Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
FactSet Research Systems 
Inc 
FactSet Research Systems Inc. supplies global 
economic and financial data to analysts, 
investment bankers, and other financial 
professionals. The company combines databases 
from multiple suppliers into a single online source 
of information and analytics, including 
fundamental data. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FactSet Research Systems Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FactSet Research Systems Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FactSet Research Systems Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FactSet Research Systems Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fair Isaac Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Fair Isaac Corp 
Fair Isaac Corporation provides analytics, including 
predictive modeling, decision analysis, intelligence 
management, decision management systems, and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fair Isaac Corp Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fair Isaac Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
consulting services. The company helps companies 
in countries around the world acquire customers 
more efficiently, increase customer value, reduce 
fraud, lower operating expenses, and enter new 
markets more profitably. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fair Isaac Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fair Isaac Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FARO Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
FARO Technologies Inc 
FARO Technologies, Inc. designs, develops, and 
markets software and portable computerized 
measurement devices. The company offers 
devices used for inspecting components and 
assemblies, rapid prototyping, documenting large 
volume spaces and structures in 3D, surveying, 
and construction, as well as for investigation and 
reconstruction of accident sites and crime scenes. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FARO Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FARO Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FARO Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FARO Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fastenal Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Fastenal Co 
Fastenal Company sells industrial and construction 
supplies in a wholesale and retail fashion. The 
company markets its products and services 
throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, 
Puerto Rico, Singapore, China, and the 
Netherlands. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fastenal Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fastenal Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fastenal Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fastenal Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fastighets AB Balder Index 
-1 
Short 
Fastighets AB Balder 
Fastighets AB Balder owns and manages 
commercial and residential properties in Sweden.  
The company maintains and rents apartments, 
offices, shops, banks, hotels and warehouses.  
Balder manages the properties through regional 
offices. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fastighets AB Balder Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fastighets AB Balder Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fastighets AB Balder Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fastighets AB Balder Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fastly Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Fastly Inc 
Fastly, Inc. provides infrastructure software. The 
company offers cloud computing, image 
optimization, security, edge computer technology, 
and streaming solutions. Fastly serves customers 
in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fastly Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fastly Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fastly Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fastly Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fate Therapeutics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Fate Therapeutics Inc 
Fate Therapeutics, Inc. provides biotechnology 
services. The company researches and develops 
therapies to repair and regenerate body tissues 
with the help of stem cells. Fate Therapeutics 
conducts business in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fate Therapeutics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fate Therapeutics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fate Therapeutics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fate Therapeutics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Faurecia SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Faurecia SE 
Faurecia SE designs and manufactures automotive 
parts. The company provides seats, vehicle 
interiors, exhaust systems, front-end body parts, 
dashboards, center consoles, door panels, 
acoustic modules, and decorative aspects. 
Faurecia serves automobile sector worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Faurecia SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Faurecia SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Faurecia SE Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 180 ---
180 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Faurecia SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Federal Realty Investment Trus 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Federal Realty 
Investment Trus 
Federal Realty Investment Trust is a self-
administered real estate investment trust. The 
company specializes in the ownership, 
management, development, and redevelopment 
of prime community and neighborhood shopping 
centers. Federal Realty Investment Trust serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Federal Realty Investment Trus 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Federal Realty Investment Trus 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Federal Realty Investment Trus 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Federal Realty Investment Trus 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FedEx Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
FedEx Corp 
FedEx Corp. delivers packages and freight to 
multiple countries and territories through an 
integrated global network. The company provides 
worldwide express delivery, ground small-parcel 
delivery, less-than-truckload freight delivery, 
supply chain management services, customs 
brokerage services, and trade facilitation and 
electronic commerce solutions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FedEx Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FedEx Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FedEx Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FedEx Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ferguson PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Ferguson PLC 
Ferguson PLC distributes HVAC and industrial 
supplies. The company offers products for heating 
and ventilation, fabrication, facilities supply, and 
residential construction. Ferguson serves 
customers in the United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ferguson PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ferguson PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ferguson PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ferguson PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ferrari NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Ferrari NV 
Ferrari NV designs and manufactures sports cars. 
The company offers new and used vehicles, 
warranty programs, financial supports, and 
maintenance, as well as watches, apparels, 
earphones, caps, and other accessories. Ferrari 
markets its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ferrari NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ferrari NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ferrari NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ferrari NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ferrovial SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Ferrovial SA 
Ferrovial SA is an infrastructure operator and 
industrial company. The company operates in 
multiple countries in a range of sectors including 
construction, airport, toll road, and municipal 
services. Ferrovial also has a services division in 
which they provide facility management, 
infrastructure maintenance and upkeep, and 
energy and waste management services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ferrovial SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ferrovial SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ferrovial SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ferrovial SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fidelity National Financial In 
Index 
-1 
Short Fidelity National Financial 
In 
Fidelity National Financial, Inc. provides title 
insurance, technology, and transaction services to 
the real estate and mortgage industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fidelity National Financial In 
Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 181 ---
181 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fidelity National Financial In 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fidelity National Financial In Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fidelity National Financial In Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fidelity National Information 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Fidelity National 
Information 
Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. is a 
payment services provider. The company provides 
credit and debit card processing, electronic 
banking services, check risk management, check 
cashing, and merchant card processing services to 
financial institutions and merchants. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fidelity National Information 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fidelity National Information 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fidelity National Information 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fidelity National Information 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fifth Third Bancorp Index 
-1 
Short 
Fifth Third Bancorp 
Fifth Third Bancorp is a diversified financial 
services company that operates banking centers in 
the Midwestern and Southeastern regions of the 
United States. The company's principal businesses 
include retail banking, commercial banking, 
investment advisory, and data processing. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fifth Third Bancorp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fifth Third Bancorp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fifth Third Bancorp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fifth Third Bancorp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Figs Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Figs Inc 
FIGS, Inc. provides healthcare apparel and lifestyle 
brands. The company offers scrub tops, scrub 
pants, lab coats, underscrub, and outwear for 
both men and women. Figs serves customers in 
the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Figs Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Figs Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Figs Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Figs Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FinecoBank Banca Fineco SpA 
Index 
-1 
Short 
FinecoBank Banca Fineco 
SpA 
Finecobank Banca Fineco S.P.A. provides 
commercial banking services. The bank offers 
account and cards, mortgages and loans, 
insurance, financial advice, brokerage, and online 
banking services. FinecoBank Banca Fineco serves 
customers in the United Kingdom and Italy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FinecoBank Banca Fineco SpA 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FinecoBank Banca Fineco SpA 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FinecoBank Banca Fineco SpA 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FinecoBank Banca Fineco SpA 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short First American Financial Corp 
Index 
-1 
Short First American Financial 
Corp 
First American Financial Corporation provides 
insurance services. The company offers title, 
lenders, and property and casualty insurance, as 
well as foreclosure, asset disposition, commercial 
due diligence, and trustee services. First American 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short First American Financial Corp 
Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 182 ---
182 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short First American Financial Corp 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Financial serves individuals and businesses 
throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long First American Financial Corp 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long First American Financial Corp 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short First Citizens BancShares Inc/ 
Index 
-1 
Short 
First Citizens BancShares 
Inc/ 
First Citizens BancShares, Inc. of North Carolina is 
the holding company for First-Citizens Bank & 
Trust Company and Ironstone Bank. First-Citizens 
serves North Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia. 
Ironstone operates in Georgia, North Carolina, and 
Florida. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short First Citizens BancShares Inc/ 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short First Citizens BancShares Inc/ 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long First Citizens BancShares Inc/ 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long First Citizens BancShares Inc/ 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short First Hawaiian Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
First Hawaiian Inc 
First Hawaiian, Inc. operates as a bank holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
offers banking products and services such as 
savings accounts, personal and business loans, 
debit and credit cards, line of credit, certificate of 
deposits, mortgages, wealth management, 
insurance, online banking, and retirement plans. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short First Hawaiian Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short First Hawaiian Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long First Hawaiian Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long First Hawaiian Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short First Horizon Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
First Horizon Corp 
First Horizon Corporation provides financial 
services. The company offers commercial banking 
services, as well as mortgage banking, capital 
markets, and transaction processing solutions. 
First Horizon serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short First Horizon Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short First Horizon Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long First Horizon Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long First Horizon Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short First Industrial Realty Trust Index 
-1 
Short 
First Industrial Realty 
Trust 
First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. is a self-
administered and fully integrated real estate 
investment trust which owns, manages, acquires, 
and develops bulk warehouses and light industrial 
properties. The company's interests in its 
properties are held through various partnerships 
controlled by the company. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short First Industrial Realty Trust Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short First Industrial Realty Trust Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long First Industrial Realty Trust Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long First Industrial Realty Trust Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short First Republic Bank/CA Index 
-1 
Short 
First Republic Bank/CA 
First Republic Bank and its subsidiaries provide 
private banking, private business banking and 
private wealth management in urban, coastal 
markets in the U.S. First Republic delivers 
relationship-based service by providing a single 
point of contact for all of its services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short First Republic Bank/CA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short First Republic Bank/CA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long First Republic Bank/CA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long First Republic Bank/CA Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 183 ---
183 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short First Solar Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
First Solar Inc 
First Solar, Inc. designs and manufactures solar 
modules. The company uses a thin film 
semiconductor technology to manufacture 
electricity-producing solar modules. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short First Solar Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short First Solar Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long First Solar Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long First Solar Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FirstEnergy Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
FirstEnergy Corp 
FirstEnergy Corp. operates as a public utility 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, generates, transmits, and distributes 
electricity, as well as offers exploration, 
production, and distribution of natural gas. 
FirstEnergy provides energy management and 
other energy related services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FirstEnergy Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FirstEnergy Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FirstEnergy Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FirstEnergy Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fiserv Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Fiserv Inc 
Fiserv, Inc. provides integrated information 
management and electronic commerce systems 
and services. The company's solutions include 
transaction processing, electronic bill payment 
and presentment, business process outsourcing, 
document distribution services, and software and 
systems solutions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fiserv Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fiserv Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fiserv Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fiserv Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Five Below Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Five Below Inc 
Five Below, Inc. operates as a specialty value 
retailer. The company offers products such as 
crafts, party, candy, sports, media, and seasonal 
products. Five Below serves its customers 
throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Five Below Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Five Below Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Five Below Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Five Below Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Five9 Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Five9 Inc 
Five9, Inc. provides cloud contact center software. 
The company offers real-time and historical 
reporting, recording, quality monitoring, 
workforce, and customer relationship 
management integrations. Five9 serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Five9 Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Five9 Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Five9 Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Five9 Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FleetCor Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
FleetCor Technologies Inc 
FLEETCOR Technologies, Inc. operates as a 
business payments company. The company offers 
payment solutions which help businesses control, 
simplify, and secure payment for fuel, general 
payables, toll, and lodging expenses. FLEETCOR 
Technologies serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FleetCor Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FleetCor Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FleetCor Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FleetCor Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Flex Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Flex Ltd 
Flex Ltd. operates as an electronics manufacturing 
services company. The company designs and 
develops original design manufacturing (ODM) 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Flex Ltd Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Flex Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
products for aerospace and defense, cloud, digital 
health, lighting, housing, energy, industrial, and 
communication industries. Flex serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Flex Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Flex Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Floor & Decor Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Floor & Decor Holdings 
Inc 
Floor & Decor Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
retails tile, wood, laminate, and natural stone 
flooring along with decorative and installation 
accessories. Floor & Decor Holdings serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Floor & Decor Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Floor & Decor Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Floor & Decor Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Floor & Decor Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Flowers Foods Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Flowers Foods Inc 
Flowers Foods, Inc. produces and markets 
packaged bakery foods for retail and foodservice 
customers. The company offers fresh packaged 
and frozen bakery products, as well as pastries, 
doughnuts, and bakery snack products. Flowers 
Foods serves customers in the State of Georgia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Flowers Foods Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Flowers Foods Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Flowers Foods Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Flowers Foods Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Flowserve Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Flowserve Corp 
Flowserve Corporation designs, manufactures, 
distributes, and services industrial flow 
management equipment throughout the world. 
The company provides pumps, valves, and 
mechanical seals primarily for the refinery and 
pipeline segments of the petroleum, chemical 
processing, power generation, and water 
treatment industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Flowserve Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Flowserve Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Flowserve Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Flowserve Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fluence Energy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Fluence Energy Inc 
Fluence Energy, Inc. provides energy storage 
technology solutions. The company delivers 
energy storage product, service, and digital 
application packages, as well as artificial 
intelligence-enabled IQ platform to optimize 
renewable and third-party storage assets. Fluence 
Energy serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fluence Energy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fluence Energy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fluence Energy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fluence Energy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Flughafen Zurich AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Flughafen Zurich AG 
Flughafen Zurich AG operates the Zurich Airport.  
The company constructs, leases, and maintains 
airport structures and equipment. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Flughafen Zurich AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Flughafen Zurich AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Flughafen Zurich AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Flughafen Zurich AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fluidra SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Fluidra SA 
Fluidra SA is a Spanish listed company engaged in 
the pool and wellness industry. The company 
specialised in the manufacture and marketing of 
equipment and connected products for residential 
and commercial swimming pools and wellness 
facilities. Fluidra operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fluidra SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fluidra SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fluidra SA Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 185 ---
185 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fluidra SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Flutter Entertainment PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Flutter Entertainment 
PLC 
Flutter Entertainment Public Limited Company 
provides mobile and online gambling services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Flutter Entertainment PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Flutter Entertainment PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Flutter Entertainment PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Flutter Entertainment PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FMC Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
FMC Corp 
FMC Corporation provides agricultural solutions. 
The company offers herbicides, insecticides and 
miticides, fungicides, harvest aids, and other crop 
chemicals used for seed corn, potatoes, sorghum, 
sweet corn, cotton, tobacco, sunflowers, grapes, 
and other related products. FMC serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FMC Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FMC Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FMC Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FMC Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FNB Corp/PA Index 
-1 
Short 
FNB Corp/PA 
F.N.B. Corporation of Pennsylvania operates as a 
diversified financial services company founded in 
1864. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides a full range of financial commercial and 
consumer banking and wealth management 
solutions. F.N.B. serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FNB Corp/PA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FNB Corp/PA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FNB Corp/PA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FNB Corp/PA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Foot Locker Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Foot Locker Inc 
Foot Locker, Inc. retails footwear. The company 
offers athletics footware, apparel, and equipment 
for men, women, and kids. Foot Locker serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Foot Locker Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Foot Locker Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Foot Locker Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Foot Locker Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ford Motor Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Ford Motor Co 
Ford Motor Company designs, manufactures, and 
services cars and trucks. The company also 
provides vehicle-related financing, leasing, and 
insurance through its subsidiary. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ford Motor Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ford Motor Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ford Motor Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ford Motor Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FormFactor Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
FormFactor Inc 
FormFactor, Inc. designs, develops, and 
manufactures advanced semiconductor wafer 
probe cards. The company develops interconnect 
technology which includes resilient spring-like 
contacts that are manufactured using micro-
machining and scalable semiconductor-like wafer 
fabrication processes. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FormFactor Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FormFactor Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FormFactor Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FormFactor Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fortinet Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Fortinet Inc

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fortinet Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Fortinet, Inc. provides network security solutions. 
The company offers network security appliances, 
software, and subscription services. Fortinet 
systems integrate the industry's broadest suite of 
security technologies, including firewall, VPN, 
antivirus, intrusion prevention (IPS), web filtering, 
antispam, and traffic shaping. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fortinet Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fortinet Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fortinet Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fortive Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Fortive Corp 
Fortive Corporation operates as a diversified 
industrial growth company. The company focuses 
on professional instrumentation, automation, 
sensing, and transportation technologies. Fortive 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fortive Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fortive Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fortive Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fortive Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fortum Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Fortum Oyj 
Fortum Oyj provides a full range of energy related 
products and services. The company's activities 
cover the generation, distribution, and sale of 
electricity and heat and steam, as well as the 
operation of power plants and energy-related 
services. Fortum operates worldwide but mainly in 
Northern Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fortum Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fortum Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fortum Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fortum Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fortune Brands Home & Security 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Fortune Brands Home & 
Security 
Fortune Brands Home & Security, Inc. provides 
home and security products. The company offers 
kitchen and bath cabinetry, plumbing, accessories, 
windows material, door systems, security, and 
storage solutions. Fortune Brands Home & 
Security serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fortune Brands Home & Security 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fortune Brands Home & Security 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fortune Brands Home & Security 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fortune Brands Home & Security 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fox Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Fox Corp 
Fox Corporation operates as an entertainment 
company. The company produces and licenses 
news, sports, and entertainment content for 
distribution through cable television systems, 
direct broadcast satellite operators, 
telecommunications companies, and online video 
distributors. Fox also manages broadcast studios, 
theaters, editing bays, sound stages, and other 
production facilities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fox Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fox Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fox Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fox Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fox Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Fox Corp 
Fox Corporation operates as an entertainment 
company. The company produces and licenses 
news, sports, and entertainment content for 
distribution through cable television systems, 
direct broadcast satellite operators, 
telecommunications companies, and online video 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fox Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fox Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fox Corp Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fox Corp Index 
3 
Long 
distributors. Fox also manages broadcast studios, 
theaters, editing bays, sound stages, and other 
production facilities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Franklin Resources Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Franklin Resources Inc 
Franklin Resources, Inc. provides investment 
advisory services to mutual fund, retirement, 
institutional, and separate accounts investors. The 
company manages various asset classes including 
global equity, global institutional and municipal 
fixed income, money funds, alternative 
investments, and hedge funds. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Franklin Resources Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Franklin Resources Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Franklin Resources Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Franklin Resources Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Freenet AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Freenet AG 
Freenet AG operates as an independent mobile 
communications service provider. The company 
offers mobile tariffs and devices, digital lifestyle 
products, Internet, energy and digital TV services. 
Freenet offers its products through stores and the 
Web in Germany. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Freenet AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Freenet AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Freenet AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Freenet AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Freeport-McMoRan Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Freeport-McMoRan Inc 
Freeport-McMoRan Inc. is an international natural 
resources company. The company operates large, 
long-lived, geographically diverse assets with 
significant reserves of copper, gold, molybdenum, 
cobalt, oil, and gas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Freeport-McMoRan Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Freeport-McMoRan Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Freeport-McMoRan Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Freeport-McMoRan Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Fresenius Medical Care 
AG & Co 
Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA offers 
kidney dialysis services and manufactures and 
distributes equipment and products used in the 
treatment of dialysis patients. The company also 
offers clinical laboratory testing and diagnostic 
testing services and provides home infusion, 
respiratory therapy, ultrasound, and echo-
cardiography. Fresenius operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Fresenius SE & Co KGaA Index 
-1 
Short 
Fresenius SE & Co KGaA 
Fresenius SE & Co KGaA is a global health care 
group with products and services for dialysis, the 
hospital and the medical care of patients at home. 
The company sells dialysis, infusion, transfusion, 
and diagnostics equipment and systems, blood 
separators, plasma, hemofilters, nutritional 
liquids, and solid and liquid pharmaceuticals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Fresenius SE & Co KGaA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Fresenius SE & Co KGaA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Fresenius SE & Co KGaA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Fresenius SE & Co KGaA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Freshpet Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Freshpet Inc 
Freshpet, Inc. provides fresh, natural food choices 
to help improve the lives of dogs and cats. The 
company also owns and operates Freshpet 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Freshpet Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Freshpet Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Kitchens and Freshpet Fridges. Freshpet retailers 
are located across North America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Freshpet Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Freshpet Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Freshworks Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Freshworks Inc 
Freshworks Inc. provides software as a service 
platform that enables small and medium-sized 
businesses to support customers through e-mail, 
phone, website, and social networks. The 
company offers multi-product support, a 
knowledge base, self-service portal, community 
forums, and tools to leverage mainstream social 
media for customer support. Freshworks serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Freshworks Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Freshworks Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Freshworks Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Freshworks Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Frontdoor Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Frontdoor Inc 
Frontdoor, Inc. operates as a building sub-
contractor. The company offers home service 
plans, such as repairs and replacement of 
electrical, plumbing, HVAC systems, water 
heaters, refrigerators, dishwashers, and cooktops. 
Frontdoor serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Frontdoor Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Frontdoor Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Frontdoor Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Frontdoor Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FTI Consulting Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
FTI Consulting Inc 
FTI Consulting, Inc. provides corporate finance and 
restructuring, economic, forensic and litigation, 
strategic communications, and technology 
consulting services. The company offers 
restructuring, bankruptcy and performance 
improvement, antitrust, business valuation and 
intellectual property, forensic accounting, 
corporate communications, and computer 
forensics services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FTI Consulting Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FTI Consulting Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FTI Consulting Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FTI Consulting Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FUCHS PETROLUB SE Index 
-1 
Short 
FUCHS PETROLUB SE 
FUCHS PETROLUB SE refines and produces 
industrial and automotive lubricants, hydraulic 
oils, and polishing products.  The company also 
produces biodegradable oils. FUCHS manufactures 
and markets its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FUCHS PETROLUB SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FUCHS PETROLUB SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FUCHS PETROLUB SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FUCHS PETROLUB SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Future PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Future PLC 
Future plc is a special interest media company 
with locations in the United States, United 
Kingdom and Australia. The company produces 
special interest magazines, websites, and events, 
with portfolios in the computing, games, music, 
automotive, sports, crafts, and leisure sectors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Future PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Future PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Future PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Future PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Galenica AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Galenica AG 
Galenica AG retails pharmaceutical products. The 
company offers health, beauty, and related 
products and services. Galenica AG serves 
customers in Switzerland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Galenica AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Galenica AG Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 189 ---
189 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Galenica AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Galenica AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Galp Energia SGPS SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Galp Energia SGPS SA 
Galp Energia, SGPS, S.A. is an integrated energy 
company with diversified activities Worldwide. 
The company is focused in the prolific South 
Atlantic area, including Brazil's pre-salt Santos 
basin and the Angolan offshore, and in the world 
class Rovuma basin in Mozambique. Galp Energia 
SGPS focuses on refining and marketing, natural 
gas, and power businesses. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Galp Energia SGPS SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Galp Energia SGPS SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Galp Energia SGPS SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Galp Energia SGPS SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Games Workshop Group PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Games Workshop Group 
PLC 
Games Workshop Group Plc manufactures and 
retails tabletop war-game systems and associated 
miniatures. The company operates approximately 
250 stores and serves over 350 independent 
retailers in the United Kingdom. Games Workshop 
also has stores in North America, Continental 
Europe and Australia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Games Workshop Group PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Games Workshop Group PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Games Workshop Group PLC 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Games Workshop Group PLC 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short GameStop Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
GameStop Corp 
GameStop Corporation operates specialty 
electronic game and PC entertainment software 
stores. The company stores sell new and used 
video game hardware and software, as well as 
accessories. GameStop markets its products 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short GameStop Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short GameStop Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long GameStop Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long GameStop Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Gaming and Leisure Properties 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Gaming and Leisure 
Properties 
Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. owns and 
leases casinos and other entertainment facilities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Gaming and Leisure Properties 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Gaming and Leisure Properties 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Gaming and Leisure Properties 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Gaming and Leisure Properties 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Gap Inc/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Gap Inc/The 
The Gap, Inc. is an international specialty retailer 
operating retail and outlet stores. The company 
sells casual apparel, accessories, and personal care 
products for men, women, and children. The Gap 
operates stores in the United States, Canada, the 
United Kingdom, France, Ireland, and Japan. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Gap Inc/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Gap Inc/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Gap Inc/The Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 190 ---
190 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Gap Inc/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Garmin Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Garmin Ltd 
Garmin Ltd. provides navigation, communications, 
and information devices which are enabled by 
Global Positioning System (GPS) technology. The 
company designs, develops, manufactures, and 
markets hand-held, portable, and fixed mount 
GPS-enabled products and other navigation, 
communications, and information products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Garmin Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Garmin Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Garmin Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Garmin Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Gartner Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Gartner Inc 
Gartner, Inc. provides research and analysis on the 
computer hardware, software, communications, 
and related information technology industries. 
The company's business segments includes 
research, consulting, measurement, events, and 
executive programs. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Gartner Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Gartner Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Gartner Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Gartner Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Gates Industrial Corp PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Gates Industrial Corp PLC 
Gates Industrial Corporation plc designs and 
manufactures power transmission equipment. The 
company offers water pumps, thermoplastics 
polyurethane belts, hydraulic tubing, and 
thermostats equipment to the construction, 
agricultural, automotive, transportation, and 
general industrial sectors. Gates Industrial serves 
customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Gates Industrial Corp PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Gates Industrial Corp PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Gates Industrial Corp PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Gates Industrial Corp PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short GEA Group AG Index 
-1 
Short 
GEA Group AG 
GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft is a farm 
technology, mechanical equipment, process 
industry and refrigeration technology company. 
The company supplies equipment for the food 
processing industry. GEA products have industrial, 
pharmaceutical and chemical applications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short GEA Group AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short GEA Group AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long GEA Group AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long GEA Group AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Geberit AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Geberit AG 
Geberit AG manufactures and supplies water 
supply pipes and fittings, installation, and drainage 
and flushing systems such as visible cisterns other 
sanitary systems for the commercial and 
residential construction markets. The company 
sells its products in Germany, Italy, Switzerland, 
Austria, the Netherlands, France, and Belgium. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Geberit AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Geberit AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Geberit AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Geberit AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Gecina SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Gecina SA 
Gecina SA is a real estate investment company.  It 
specializes in the rental of commercial real estate 
and residential properties.  Gecina develops, buys, 
sells and rent properties in France.  The company's 
client base includes international businesses and 
organizations from a wide range of sectors.  The 
Company opted for the SIIC legal status in 2003. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Gecina SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Gecina SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Gecina SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Gecina SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Generac Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Generac Holdings Inc

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Generac Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Generac Holdings Inc. manufactures automatic, 
stationary standby, and portable generators. The 
company offers generators to serve the 
residential, commercial, industrial, and 
telecommunications markets. Generac Holdings 
markets its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Generac Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Generac Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Generac Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short General Dynamics Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
General Dynamics Corp 
General Dynamics Corporation is a diversified 
defense company. The company offers a broad 
portfolio of products and services in business 
aviation, combat vehicles, weapons systems, 
munitions, shipbuilding design and construction, 
information systems, and technologies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short General Dynamics Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short General Dynamics Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long General Dynamics Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long General Dynamics Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short General Electric Co Index 
-1 
Short 
General Electric Co 
General Electric Company is a globally diversified 
technology and financial services company. The 
company's products and services include aircraft 
engines, power generation, water processing, and 
household appliances to medical imaging, 
business and consumer financing, and industrial 
products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short General Electric Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short General Electric Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long General Electric Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long General Electric Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short General Mills Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
General Mills Inc 
General Mills, Inc. manufactures and markets 
branded and packaged consumer foods 
worldwide. The company also supplies branded 
and unbranded food products to the foodservice 
and commercial baking industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short General Mills Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short General Mills Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long General Mills Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long General Mills Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short General Motors Co Index 
-1 
Short 
General Motors Co 
General Motors Company designs, builds, and sells 
cars, trucks, crossovers, and automobile parts. The 
company offers vehicle protection, parts, 
accessories, maintenance, satellite radio, and 
automotive financing services. General Motors 
provides its vehicles and services worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short General Motors Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short General Motors Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long General Motors Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long General Motors Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Genmab A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
Genmab A/S 
Genmab A/S operates as a biotechnology 
company. The company specializes in 
development of antibody therapeutics for the 
treatment of cancer. Genmab serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Genmab A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Genmab A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Genmab A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Genmab A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Genpact Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Genpact Ltd 
Genpact Limited designs and manages business 
operations to manage risk and compliance. The 
company focuses on the areas of finance and 
procurement, financial services account servicing, 
claims management, regulatory affairs, and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Genpact Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Genpact Ltd Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 192 ---
192 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Genpact Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
industrial asset optimization. Genpact operates 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Genpact Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Gentex Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Gentex Corp 
Gentex Corporation designs, manufactures, and 
markets products that use electro-optic 
technology. The company's product lines include 
automatic-dimming rearview mirrors and fire 
protection products. Gentex's Night Vision Safety 
Mirror automatically darken to the degree 
required to eliminate rearview headlight glare. 
The Company sells its products around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Gentex Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Gentex Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Gentex Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Gentex Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Genuine Parts Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Genuine Parts Co 
Genuine Parts Company distributes automotive 
replacement parts, industrial replacement parts, 
office products, and electrical and electronic 
materials. The company conducts business 
throughout most of the United States, in Canada, 
and in Mexico. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Genuine Parts Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Genuine Parts Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Genuine Parts Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Genuine Parts Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Genus PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Genus PLC 
Genus plc provides cattle breeding and 
agricultural consultancy services.  The group, 
through its own domestic production and 
contracts with breeding companies worldwide, 
supplies dairy and beef semen used for artificial 
insemination.  They also provide laboratory 
services, including soil analysis and pregnancy 
testing, in addition to a variety of farm 
consultancy and advisory services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Genus PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Genus PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Genus PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Genus PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Georg Fischer AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Georg Fischer AG 
Georg Fischer AG is a global supplier in the safe 
transportation of liquids and gases, in the 
production of lightweight casting components and 
high-precision manufacturing technologies. 
Headquartered in Switzerland, it was founded in 
1802. The company is located in over 30 countries. 
Georg Fischer comprises of three divisions: GF 
Piping Systems, GF Casting Solutions, and GF 
Machining 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Georg Fischer AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Georg Fischer AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Georg Fischer AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Georg Fischer AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Gerresheimer AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Gerresheimer AG 
Gerresheimer AG develops and produces specialty 
products made of glass and plastic.  The company 
produces containers for a variety of substances 
and medicines. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Gerresheimer AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Gerresheimer AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Gerresheimer AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Gerresheimer AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Getinge AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Getinge AB 
Getinge founded in 1904, provides hospitals and 
life science institutions with products and 
solutions that aim to improve clinical results and 
optimize workflows. The company offers products 
and solutions for intensive care, cardiovascular 
procedures, operating rooms, sterile reprocessing, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Getinge AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Getinge AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Getinge AB Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 193 ---
193 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Getinge AB Index 
3 
Long 
and life science. Getinge products are sold in more 
than 135 countries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Getlink SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Getlink SE 
Getlink S.E. provides transport support services. 
The company operates mobility infrastructures 
such as cross-channel transport networks, rail 
freight, and tunnels. Getlink serves customers in 
France and the United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Getlink SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Getlink SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Getlink SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Getlink SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Gilead Sciences Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Gilead Sciences Inc 
Gilead Sciences, Inc. is a research-based 
biopharmaceutical company that discovers, 
develops, and commercializes therapeutics to 
advance the care of patients suffering from life-
threatening diseases. The company primary areas 
of focus include HIV, AIDS, liver disease, and 
serious cardiovascular and respiratory conditions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Gilead Sciences Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Gilead Sciences Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Gilead Sciences Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Gilead Sciences Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Ginkgo Bioworks 
Holdings Inc 
Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings, Inc. operates as a 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, develops platform to program cells 
from food to materials. Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Givaudan SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Givaudan SA 
Givaudan SA manufactures and markets 
fragrances and flavors from natural and synthetic 
ingredients. The company sells its products to 
manufacturers of perfumes, beverages, prepared 
foods, and consumer goods. Givaudan operates 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Givaudan SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Givaudan SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Givaudan SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Givaudan SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Gjensidige Forsikring ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
Gjensidige Forsikring ASA 
Gjensidige Forsikring ASA operates as a Norwegian 
insurance company.  The company offers general 
insurance products to private individuals and 
businesses in Norway. Gjensidige Forsikring 
provides property insurance and insurances of the 
person in the household and the business 
markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Gjensidige Forsikring ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Gjensidige Forsikring ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Gjensidige Forsikring ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Gjensidige Forsikring ASA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Glanbia PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Glanbia PLC 
Glanbia plc is an international dairy, consumer 
foods, and nutritional products company. The 
company conducts operations primarily in Ireland, 
the United Kingdom, and the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Glanbia PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Glanbia PLC Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Glanbia PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Glanbia PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short GlaxoSmithKline PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
GlaxoSmithKline PLC 
GlaxoSmithKline PLC operates as a research-based 
pharmaceutical company. The company develops, 
manufactures, and markets vaccines, prescription, 
and over-the-counter medicines, as well as health-
related consumer products. GlaxoSmithKline 
provides products for infections, depression, skin 
conditions, asthma, heart and circulatory disease, 
and cancer. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short GlaxoSmithKline PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short GlaxoSmithKline PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long GlaxoSmithKline PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long GlaxoSmithKline PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Glencore PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Glencore PLC 
Glencore plc is a diversified natural resources 
company. The company operates in three groups, 
metals and minerals, energy products, and 
agricultural products. Glencore offers its products 
and services around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Glencore PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Glencore PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Glencore PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Glencore PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Global Payments Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Global Payments Inc 
Global Payments Inc. provides electronic 
transaction processing, information systems, and 
services. The company serves the financial, 
corporate, government, and merchant 
communities worldwide. Global Payments offers 
funds transfer, merchant banking, accounting, 
Internet, and other services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Global Payments Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Global Payments Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Global Payments Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Global Payments Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc 
GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc. operates as a 
semiconductor contract manufacturing and design 
company. The company offers chips designed for 
markets such as mobility, automotive, computing 
and wired connectivity, and consumer internet of 
things (IoT). GLOBALFOUNDRIES serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long GLOBALFOUNDRIES Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Globant SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Globant SA 
Globant S.A. is a software solutions company. The 
company provides engineering, design, and 
innovation services for clients throughout North 
America and Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Globant SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Globant SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Globant SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Globant SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Globe Life Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Globe Life Inc 
Globe Life Inc. operates as an insurance company. 
The company offers term, whole, and children's 
life insurance, as well as accidental benefits, 
mortgage protection, and medicare supplement 
plans. Globe Life operates in the State of Texas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Globe Life Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Globe Life Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Globe Life Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Globe Life Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 195 ---
195 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Globus Medical Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Globus Medical Inc 
Globus Medical, Inc.operates as a medical device 
company. The company is focused exclusively on 
the design, development, and commercialization 
of products that promote healing in patients with 
spine disorders. Globus Medical offers products of 
innovative fusion and disruptive technologies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Globus Medical Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Globus Medical Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Globus Medical Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Globus Medical Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short GN Store Nord AS Index 
-1 
Short 
GN Store Nord AS 
GN Store Nord A/S (GN Great Nordic) is the parent 
company to an international group of companies 
that manufactures and markets communication 
solutions. The company develops wireless 
technology and provides hand-free solutions, and 
products for the hearing impaired. GN Store Nord 
also works with cable systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short GN Store Nord AS Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short GN Store Nord AS Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long GN Store Nord AS Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long GN Store Nord AS Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short GoDaddy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
GoDaddy Inc 
GoDaddy, Inc. provides a cloud-based web 
platform for small businesses, web design 
professionals and individuals. The company's 
platform provides applications that help them 
connect to their customers, manage their 
businesses and get found online. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short GoDaddy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short GoDaddy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long GoDaddy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long GoDaddy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short GoHealth Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
GoHealth Inc 
GoHealth, Inc. operates as an insurance company. 
The company offers medical, accident, vision, 
dental, and other health insurance products and 
services. GoHealth serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short GoHealth Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short GoHealth Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long GoHealth Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long GoHealth Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Goldman Sachs Group Inc/The 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Goldman Sachs Group 
Inc/The 
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a bank holding 
company, is a global investment banking and 
securities firm specializing in investment banking, 
trading and principal investments, asset 
management and securities services. The 
company provides services to corporations, 
financial institutions, governments, and high-net 
worth individuals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Goldman Sachs Group Inc/The 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Goldman Sachs Group Inc/The 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Goldman Sachs Group Inc/The 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Goldman Sachs Group Inc/The 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Graco Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Graco Inc 
Graco Inc. supplies technology for the 
management of fluids in both industrial and 
commercial applications. The company designs, 
manufactures, and markets systems to move, 
measure, control, dispense, and apply fluid 
materials. Graco's products are used for applying 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Graco Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Graco Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Graco Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 196 ---
196 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Graco Inc Index 
3 
Long 
paints and coatings, high-pressure cleaning of 
equipment, and lubricating and maintaining 
vehicles, and other equipment. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Grafton Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Grafton Group PLC 
Grafton Group PLC manufactures and retails 
building supplies.  The company operates the 
Plumbase, Buildbase, Jackson, MacNaughton Blair, 
Chadwicks and Woodies retail chains, and 
produces dry mortar.  Grafton operates in the 
United Kingdom and Ireland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Grafton Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Grafton Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Grafton Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Grafton Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Grand Canyon Education Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Grand Canyon Education 
Inc 
Grand Canyon Education, Inc. provides online post 
secondary education services. The company offers 
graduate and undergraduate degree programs in 
disciplines of education, business, and healthcare. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Grand Canyon Education Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Grand Canyon Education Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Grand Canyon Education Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Grand Canyon Education Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Graphic Packaging Holding Co 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Graphic Packaging 
Holding Co 
Graphic Packaging Holding Company operates as 
an integrated provider of paperboard and 
integrated paperboard packaging solutions to 
multinational beverage and consumer products 
companies. The company manufactures folding 
cartons for frozen and non-frozen food and 
beverage products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Graphic Packaging Holding Co 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Graphic Packaging Holding Co 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Graphic Packaging Holding Co 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Graphic Packaging Holding Co 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Greggs PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Greggs PLC 
Greggs plc retails sandwiches, savories, and other 
bakery-related products. The company focuses on 
takeaway food and catering. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Greggs PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Greggs PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Greggs PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Greggs PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Greggs PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Greggs PLC 
Greggs plc retails sandwiches, savories, and other 
bakery-related products. The company focuses on 
takeaway food and catering. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Greggs PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Greggs PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Greggs PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Greggs PLC Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 197 ---
197 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Grid Dynamics Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Grid Dynamics Holdings 
Inc 
Grid Dynamics Holdings, Inc. provides information 
technology services. The company offers digital 
transformation strategy consulting, legacy 
replatforming solutions, technology engineering, 
and cloud services. Grid Dynamics Holdings serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Grid Dynamics Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Grid Dynamics Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Grid Dynamics Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Grid Dynamics Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Grifols SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Grifols SA 
Grifols S.A. develops, manufactures, and markets 
plasma derivatives, IV Therapy, enteral nutrition, 
diagnostic systems, and medical materials. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Grifols SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Grifols SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Grifols SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Grifols SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Grocery Outlet Holding Corp 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Grocery Outlet Holding 
Corp 
Grocery Outlet Holding Corp. retails grocery 
products. The company owns and operates 
grocery stores and offers dairy, meat, vegetables, 
fruits, and health supplements. Grocery Outlet 
Holding serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Grocery Outlet Holding Corp 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Grocery Outlet Holding Corp 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Grocery Outlet Holding Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Grocery Outlet Holding Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Groupe Bruxelles Lambert SA 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Groupe Bruxelles 
Lambert SA 
Groupe Bruxelles Lambert S.A. (GBL) operates as 
an investment holding company. The company 
invests in Europe and focuses on long term value 
creation. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Groupe Bruxelles Lambert SA 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Groupe Bruxelles Lambert SA 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Groupe Bruxelles Lambert SA 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Groupe Bruxelles Lambert SA 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Guardant Health Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Guardant Health Inc 
Guardant Health, Inc. operates as a biotechnology 
company. The company provides sequencing and 
cell diagnostics services for the cancer patients. 
Guardant Health serves patients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Guardant Health Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Guardant Health Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Guardant Health Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Guardant Health Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Guidewire Software Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Guidewire Software Inc 
Guidewire Software Inc. develops and publishes 
enterprise software for the property and casualty 
insurance industry. The company's software 
supports the workflow, collaboration with 
external partners, and rule-based decision-making 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Guidewire Software Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Guidewire Software Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 198 ---
198 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Guidewire Software Inc Index 
2 
Long 
that characterize modern underwriting and claims 
operations. Guidewire Software serves customers 
in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Guidewire Software Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short GXO Logistics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
GXO Logistics Inc 
GXO Logistics, Inc. operates as a contract logistics 
provider. The company solves complex logistics 
challenges for its blue-chip customers with 
technologically advanced supply chain solutions, 
at scale, with speed. GXO Logistics serves clients 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short GXO Logistics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short GXO Logistics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long GXO Logistics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long GXO Logistics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB 
Index 
-1 
Short 
H & M Hennes & Mauritz 
AB 
Hennes & Mauritz AB (H&M) designs and retails 
fashions for women, men, teens, and children. The 
company sells a variety trendy, sporty, and classic 
garments in addition to accessories such as 
jewelery, bags, scarves, and cosmetics. H&M owns 
and operates stores in European countries and the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short H&R Block Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
H&R Block Inc 
H&R Block, Inc. provides a wide range of financial 
products and services through its subsidiaries. The 
company provides tax services to the general 
public, accounting and consulting services, and 
consumer financial and personal productivity 
software. H&R Block provides its tax services to 
clients in the United States and other countries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short H&R Block Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short H&R Block Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long H&R Block Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long H&R Block Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hackett Group Inc/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Hackett Group Inc/The 
The Hackett Group, Inc. provides business 
consulting and technology implementation 
services. The company offers best practice 
research, benchmarking, business transformation, 
and working capital management services. 
Hackett Group has offices in cities throughout the 
United States, Europe, and India. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hackett Group Inc/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hackett Group Inc/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hackett Group Inc/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hackett Group Inc/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hain Celestial Group Inc/The 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Hain Celestial Group 
Inc/The 
The Hain Celestial Group, Inc. is a natural and 
organic beverage, snack, specialty food, and 
personal care products company. The company's 
product line include grocery store foods such as 
organic cookies, cooking oils, sugar free products, 
kosher foods, snacks, and frozen foods, as well as 
organic skin, hair, and body products. Hain 
Celestial operates in North America and Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hain Celestial Group Inc/The 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hain Celestial Group Inc/The 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hain Celestial Group Inc/The 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hain Celestial Group Inc/The 
Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 199 ---
199 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Halliburton Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Halliburton Co 
Halliburton Company provides energy and 
engineering and construction services, as well as 
manufactures products for the energy industry. 
The company offers services and products and 
integrated solutions to customers in the 
exploration, development, and production of oil 
and natural gas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Halliburton Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Halliburton Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Halliburton Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Halliburton Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Halma PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Halma PLC 
Halma PLC is a health and safety sensor 
technology group which manufactures products 
that detect hazards and also protect assets and 
people at work in public and commercial 
buildings. Halma develops technologies and 
products that are used for analysis in safety, 
environmental and leisure related markets, 
including water, to improve personal and public 
health. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Halma PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Halma PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Halma PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Halma PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hanesbrands Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Hanesbrands Inc 
Hanesbrands, Inc. manufactures apparels and 
clothing products. The company produces 
underwear, t-shirts, sport shirts, socks, bras, 
thermals, sweatshirts, sleepwear, and shoes for 
men, women, and children. Hanesbrands serves 
clients in the State of North Carolina. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hanesbrands Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hanesbrands Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hanesbrands Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hanesbrands Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hannover Rueck SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Hannover Rueck SE 
Hannover Rueck SE provides reinsurance services.  
The Company offers life, health, accident, damage, 
property, and high risk specialty reinsurance. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hannover Rueck SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hannover Rueck SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hannover Rueck SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hannover Rueck SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hanover Insurance Group Inc/Th 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Hanover Insurance Group 
Inc/Th 
The Hanover Insurance Group Inc operates as a 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, offers property and casualty 
insurance products including personal lines, 
commercial lines and other property casualty 
through independent agents. Hanover Insurance 
Group serves customers in the State of 
Massachusetts. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hanover Insurance Group Inc/Th 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hanover Insurance Group Inc/Th 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hanover Insurance Group Inc/Th 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hanover Insurance Group Inc/Th 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hargreaves Lansdown PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Hargreaves Lansdown 
PLC 
Hargreaves Lansdown PLC provides investment 
management services. The company offers stock 
brokerage, pension fund management, financial 
planning, and asset and wealth management. 
Hargreaves Lansdown serves investors in the 
United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hargreaves Lansdown PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hargreaves Lansdown PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hargreaves Lansdown PLC Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 200 ---
200 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hargreaves Lansdown PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hargreaves Lansdown PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Hargreaves Lansdown 
PLC 
Hargreaves Lansdown PLC provides investment 
management services. The company offers stock 
brokerage, pension fund management, financial 
planning, and asset and wealth management. 
Hargreaves Lansdown serves investors in the 
United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hargreaves Lansdown PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hargreaves Lansdown PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hargreaves Lansdown PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hargreaves Lansdown PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Harley-Davidson Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Harley-Davidson Inc 
Harley-Davidson, Inc. designs, manufactures, and 
sells motorcycles. The company's products include 
heavyweight touring, custom, and performance 
motorcycles, as well as a line of motorcycle parts, 
accessories, and general merchandise. Harley-
Davidson also provides motorcycle floor planning 
and parts and accessories financing to its North 
American and European dealers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Harley-Davidson Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Harley-Davidson Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Harley-Davidson Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Harley-Davidson Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Harmonic Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Harmonic Inc 
Harmonic Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets 
digital and fiber optic systems. The company's 
systems enable cable, satellite, and wireless 
operators to deliver video, Internet, telephony, 
and high-speed data services. Harmonic's 
transend digital product line combines and 
customizes content from a variety of sources. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Harmonic Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Harmonic Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Harmonic Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Harmonic Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hartford Financial Services Gr 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Hartford Financial 
Services Gr 
The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. 
provides a range of insurance products. The 
company's products include property and casualty 
insurance, group benefits, and mutual funds. 
Hartford Financial Services Group operates in the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hartford Financial Services Gr 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hartford Financial Services Gr 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hartford Financial Services Gr 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hartford Financial Services Gr 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hasbro Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Hasbro Inc 
Hasbro, Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets 
toys, games, interactive software, puzzles, and 
infant products internationally. The company's 
products include a variety of games, including 
traditional board, card, hand-held electronic, 
trading card, role-playing, and DVD games, as well 
as electronic learning aids and puzzles. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hasbro Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hasbro Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hasbro Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hasbro Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hawaiian Electric Industries I 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Hawaiian Electric 
Industries I 
Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. is a diversified 
holding company that delivers a variety of services 
to the people of Hawaii. The company's 
subsidiaries offer electric utilities, savings banks, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hawaiian Electric Industries I 
Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 201 ---
201 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hawaiian Electric Industries I 
Index 
-3 
Short 
and other businesses, primarily in the state of 
Hawaii. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hawaiian Electric Industries I 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hawaiian Electric Industries I 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hays PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Hays PLC 
Hays Plc provides specialist recruitment and 
human resource services for clients and 
candidates requiring permanent and temporary, 
professional and technical staff. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hays PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hays PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hays PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hays PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hayward Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Hayward Holdings Inc 
Hayward Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
designs, markets, and manufactures residential 
pool equipment including pumps, filters, heaters, 
heat pumps, cleaners, electronic control systems, 
lighting, safety equipment, flow control products, 
industrial flow control valves, and components. 
Hayward Holdings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hayward Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hayward Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hayward Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hayward Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short HCA Healthcare Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
HCA Healthcare Inc 
HCA Healthcare, Inc. offers health care services. 
The hospital provides diagnosis, treatments, 
consultancy, nursing, surgeries, and other 
services, as well as medical education, physician 
resource center, and training programs. HCA 
Healthcare serves patients in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short HCA Healthcare Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short HCA Healthcare Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long HCA Healthcare Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long HCA Healthcare Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Healthcare Trust of America In 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Healthcare Trust of 
America In 
Healthcare Trust of America, Inc. operates as a 
real estate investment trust. The company 
purchases medical office and healthcare-related 
assets, as well as owns medical office buildings, 
hospitals, and assisted living facilities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Healthcare Trust of America In 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Healthcare Trust of America In 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Healthcare Trust of America In 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Healthcare Trust of America In 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Healthpeak Properties Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Healthpeak Properties 
Inc 
Healthpeak Properties, Inc. operates as a real 
estate investment trust. The trust invests in health 
care related real estate properties such as senior 
housing, life sciences, medical offices, hospitals, 
and skilled nursing homes. Healthpeak Properties 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Healthpeak Properties Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Healthpeak Properties Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Healthpeak Properties Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Healthpeak Properties Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 202 ---
202 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short HEICO Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
HEICO Corp 
HEICO Corporation designs, manufactures, and 
sells aerospace products and services through its 
subsidiaries. The company's customers include 
airlines and airmotive, as well as defense 
contractors and military agencies worldwide, 
including the United States Air Force, the United 
States Navy, and the National Aeronautics & Space 
Administration (NASA). 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short HEICO Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short HEICO Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long HEICO Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long HEICO Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short HEICO Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
HEICO Corp 
HEICO Corporation designs, manufactures, and 
sells aerospace products and services through its 
subsidiaries. The company's customers include 
airlines and airmotive, as well as defense 
contractors and military agencies worldwide, 
including the United States Air Force, the United 
States Navy, and the National Aeronautics & Space 
Administration (NASA). 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short HEICO Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short HEICO Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long HEICO Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long HEICO Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short HeidelbergCement AG Index 
-1 
Short 
HeidelbergCement AG 
HeidelbergCement AG produces and markets 
aggregates. The company also manufactures 
building materials including cement and concrete 
in Europe, North America, Asia, Australia, and 
Africa. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short HeidelbergCement AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short HeidelbergCement AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long HeidelbergCement AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long HeidelbergCement AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Heineken Holding NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Heineken Holding NV 
Heineken Holding NV, through its subsidiary 
produces and distributes beverages 
internationally.  The company produces beers, 
spirits, wines, and soft drinks under various brand 
names. Heineken operates through numerous 
subsidiaries and associated companies worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Heineken Holding NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Heineken Holding NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Heineken Holding NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Heineken Holding NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Heineken NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Heineken NV 
Heineken N.V. produces and distributes beverages 
internationally. The company produces beers, 
spirits, wines, and soft drinks under various brand 
names. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Heineken NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Heineken NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Heineken NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Heineken NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short HelloFresh SE Index 
-1 
Short 
HelloFresh SE 
HelloFresh provides online food services. The 
company offers a subscription service in which 
customers receive a weekly box of recipes and 
meal ideas. HelloFresh also provides ice packs, 
plastic packaging, meat packing, insulation 
materials, and other related products. HelloFresh 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short HelloFresh SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short HelloFresh SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long HelloFresh SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long HelloFresh SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Helvetia Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Helvetia Holding AG 
Helvetia Holding AG provides a broad range of life, 
casualty, liability, accident and transportation 
insurance.  The company insures individuals, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Helvetia Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 203 ---
203 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Helvetia Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
property such as vehicles and buildings, and 
consumer goods and personal belongings during 
transportation.  Helvetia operates in Switzerland 
and in other European countries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Helvetia Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Helvetia Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Henkel AG & Co KGaA Index 
-1 
Short 
Henkel AG & Co KGaA 
Henkel AG & Co. KGaA manufactures industrial, 
commercial, and consumer chemical products. 
The company provides reactive polyurethane and 
laminating adhesives, labeling for glass and PET 
plastic bottles, corrosion inhibitors and surface 
treatments, soaps, skin care products, hair dye, 
perfumes, detergents, dishwashing soaps, glass 
cleaners, wallpaper adhesives, and roofing 
products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Henkel AG & Co KGaA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Henkel AG & Co KGaA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Henkel AG & Co KGaA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Henkel AG & Co KGaA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Henry Schein Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Henry Schein Inc 
Henry Schein, Inc. distributes healthcare products 
and services including practice management 
software to office-based healthcare practitioners. 
The Company has operations in North America 
and other countries. Henry Schein's operations 
include direct marketing, telesales, and field sales. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Henry Schein Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Henry Schein Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Henry Schein Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Henry Schein Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hera SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Hera SpA 
Hera SpA owns municipal utility companies in 
northern Italy.  The company distributes 
electricity, methane gas and water, operates 
sewers and treats wastewater, offers district 
heating, manages public lighting, and collects and 
disposes of municipal waste.  Hera operates in 
Bologna, Rimini, Ravenna-Lugo, Forli-Cesena, and 
Imola-Faenza. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hera SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hera SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hera SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hera SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Herbalife Nutrition Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Herbalife Nutrition Ltd 
Herbalife Nutrition Ltd. operates as a nutrition 
company. The company manufactures and sells 
weight management, meals and snacks, sports 
and fitness, energy, and nutritional products, as 
well as personal care products. Herbalife Nutrition 
serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Herbalife Nutrition Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Herbalife Nutrition Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Herbalife Nutrition Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Herbalife Nutrition Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hermes International Index 
-1 
Short 
Hermes International 
Hermes International designs, produces, and 
distributes personal luxury accessories and 
apparel.  The company operates a chain of 
boutiques under the Hermes name that sells items 
such as leather, scarves, men's clothes, ties, 
women's fashions, perfume, watches, stationery, 
shoes, hats, gloves, and jewelry. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hermes International Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hermes International Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hermes International Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hermes International Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hershey Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Hershey Co/The 
The Hershey Company manufactures chocolate 
and sugar confectionery products. The company's 
principal products includes chocolate and sugar 
confectionery products, gum and mint 
refreshment products, and pantry items, such as 
baking ingredients, toppings, and beverages. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hershey Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hershey Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hershey Co/The Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 204 ---
204 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hershey Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hess Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Hess Corp 
Hess Corporation operates as a global 
independent energy company. The company 
focuses on the exploration, development, 
production, transportation, purchase, and sale of 
crude oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas. Hess 
manages production operations around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hess Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hess Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hess Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hess Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Hewlett Packard 
Enterprise Co 
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company provides 
information technology solutions. The company 
offers enterprise security, analytics and data 
management, applications development and 
testing, data center care, cloud consulting, and 
business process services. Hewlett Packard 
Enterprise serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hexagon AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Hexagon AB 
Hexagon AB is a global provider of design, 
measurement and visualisation technologies. The 
main business area, Measurement Technologies, 
includes three application areas: Geosystems, 
Metrology and Technology, that provide systems 
to design, measure and position objects, and 
process and present data. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hexagon AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hexagon AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hexagon AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hexagon AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hexcel Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Hexcel Corp 
Hexcel Corporation develops, manufactures, and 
markets reinforcement products, composite 
materials, and engineered products. The 
company's products are used in the commercial 
aerospace, space and defense, electronics, general 
industrial, and recreation markets for a variety of 
end products. Hexcel operates around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hexcel Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hexcel Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hexcel Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hexcel Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hexpol AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Hexpol AB 
Hexpol AB manufactures rubber, plastic and 
polyurethane components primarily for the 
automotive, construction, cabling, water 
treatment, pharmaceutical, energy, and oil 
industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hexpol AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hexpol AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hexpol AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hexpol AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Highwoods Properties Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Highwoods Properties Inc 
Highwoods Properties, Inc., with its operating 
partnership and subsidiaries, develops, manages, 
leases, and acquires suburban office and industrial 
properties. Highwoods Properties has expanded 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Highwoods Properties Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Highwoods Properties Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 205 ---
205 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Highwoods Properties Inc Index 
2 
Long 
into markets throughout the southeastern and 
midwestern United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Highwoods Properties Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Hikma Pharmaceuticals 
PLC 
Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC develops, 
manufactures, and markets pharmaceutical 
products. The company offers branded and non-
branded generic and in-licensed pharmaceutical 
products. Hikma Pharmaceuticals serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Hilton Worldwide 
Holdings Inc 
Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. operates as a 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, provides hospitality services. Hilton 
Worldwide Holdings owns and manages hotels, 
resorts, and time share properties globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hiscox Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Hiscox Ltd 
Hiscox Ltd is a group of companies that operate in 
the United Kingdom insurance market.  The 
company's services include underwriting managed 
syndicates, underwriting a range of personal and 
commercial insurance and other underwriting 
services.  Hiscox provides its services for 
customers in the United Kingdom and Continental 
Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hiscox Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hiscox Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hiscox Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hiscox Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Holcim Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Holcim Ltd 
Holcim Ltd provides building materials. The 
company produces and markets ready-mixed 
concrete, cement, clinker, and ad-mixtures, as 
well as provides consulting and engineering 
services in all areas of the cement manufacturing 
process. Holcim operates cement manufacturing 
facilities worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Holcim Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Holcim Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Holcim Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Holcim Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short HollyFrontier Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
HollyFrontier Corp 
HollyFrontier Corporation, through its affiliates, 
refines, transports, stores, and markets petroleum 
products. The company's refineries produce light 
products such as gasoline, diesel fuel, and jet fuel 
which are marketed in the southwestern United 
States, northern Mexico, and Montana. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short HollyFrontier Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short HollyFrontier Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long HollyFrontier Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long HollyFrontier Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Holmen AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Holmen AB 
Holmen AB manufactures forest products.  The 
company owns and manages forest land and 
produces sawn timber, pulp, paper, and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Holmen AB Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 206 ---
206 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Holmen AB Index 
-3 
Short 
paperboard.  Holmen's main products are papers 
for newsprint, magazines, directories, and 
advertising, and paperboard for packaging and 
graphical applications.  The company produces 
and markets in Europe, and owns sales offices in 
United States, Australia, and Asia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Holmen AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Holmen AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hologic Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Hologic Inc 
Hologic, Inc. is a developer, manufacturer, and 
supplier of premium diagnostic products, medical 
imaging systems, and surgical products. The 
company's core business units focus on 
diagnostics, breast health, GYN surgical, and 
skeletal health. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hologic Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hologic Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hologic Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hologic Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Home Depot Inc/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Home Depot Inc/The 
The Home Depot, Inc. is a home improvement 
retailer that sells building materials and home 
improvement products. The company sells a wide 
assortment of building materials, home 
improvement and lawn and garden products, and 
provide a number of services. Home Depot 
operates throughout the United States, Canada, 
China, and Mexico. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Home Depot Inc/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Home Depot Inc/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Home Depot Inc/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Home Depot Inc/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short HomeServe PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
HomeServe PLC 
HomeServe plc provides home emergency and 
repair services. The company offers offers 
plumbing, heating, glazing repairs, pest control, 
and electrical installation services. HomeServe 
conducts its business in the United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short HomeServe PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short HomeServe PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long HomeServe PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long HomeServe PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Honeywell International Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Honeywell International 
Inc 
Honeywell International Inc. is a worldwide 
technology and manufacturing company. The 
company provides aerospace products and 
services, control, sensing and security 
technologies for commercial buildings, safety and 
productivity solutions, specialty chemicals, 
advanced materials, process technology for 
refining and petrochemicals, and energy efficient 
products and solutions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Honeywell International Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Honeywell International Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Honeywell International Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Honeywell International Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Horizon Therapeutics Plc Index 
-1 
Short 
Horizon Therapeutics Plc 
Horizon Therapeutics Public Limited Company 
operates as a biopharmaceutical company. The 
company develops, acquires, and commercializes 
late-stage biopharmaceutical therapies for the 
treatment of pain and inflammation as well as 
specialty and orphan diseases. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Horizon Therapeutics Plc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Horizon Therapeutics Plc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Horizon Therapeutics Plc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Horizon Therapeutics Plc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hormel Foods Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Hormel Foods Corp 
Hormel Foods Corporation manufactures and 
markets consumer-branded meat and food 
products. The company processes meat and 
poultry products and produces a variety of 
prepared foods. Hormel markets its products 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hormel Foods Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hormel Foods Corp Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 207 ---
207 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hormel Foods Corp Index 
2 
Long 
around the world under a variety of branded 
names. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hormel Foods Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Host Hotels & Resorts Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Host Hotels & Resorts Inc 
Host Hotels & Resorts Inc. is a real estate trust. 
The trust which owns or holds controlling interests 
in upscale and luxury full-service hotel lodging 
properties in areas that include Washington, D.C., 
Toronto and Calgary, Canada, Mexico City, Mexico 
and Santiago, Chile, as well as Italy, Spain, Poland, 
Belgium, the Netherlands, and the United 
Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Host Hotels & Resorts Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Host Hotels & Resorts Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Host Hotels & Resorts Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Host Hotels & Resorts Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Howard Hughes Corp/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Howard Hughes 
Corp/The 
The Howard Hughes Corporation develops real 
estate. The company manages master planned 
communities, shopping malls, and mixed-use 
developments throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Howard Hughes Corp/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Howard Hughes Corp/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Howard Hughes Corp/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Howard Hughes Corp/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Howden Joinery Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Howden Joinery Group 
PLC 
Howden Joinery Group Plc designs, manufactures, 
and sells fitted kitchens. The company sells its 
products to small local builders throughout the 
United Kingdom via its own network of depots. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Howden Joinery Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Howden Joinery Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Howden Joinery Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Howden Joinery Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Howden Joinery Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Howden Joinery Group 
PLC 
Howden Joinery Group Plc designs, manufactures, 
and sells fitted kitchens. The company sells its 
products to small local builders throughout the 
United Kingdom via its own network of depots. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Howden Joinery Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Howden Joinery Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Howden Joinery Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Howden Joinery Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Howmet Aerospace Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Howmet Aerospace Inc 
Howmet Aerospace Inc. provides engineered 
metal products. The company offers engines, 
fasteners, and structures, as well as forged 
wheels. Howmet Aerospace serves the aerospace 
and commercial transportation industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Howmet Aerospace Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Howmet Aerospace Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Howmet Aerospace Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Howmet Aerospace Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short HP Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
HP Inc 
HP Inc. provides imaging and printing systems, 
computing systems, mobile devices, solutions, and 
services for business and home. The company 
offers products which includes laser and inkjet 
printers, scanners, copiers and faxes, personal 
computers, workstations, storage solutions, and 
other computing and printing systems. HP sells its 
products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short HP Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short HP Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long HP Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long HP Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 208 ---
208 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short HSBC Holdings PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
HSBC Holdings PLC 
HSBC Holdings plc is the holding company for the 
HSBC Group. The company provides a variety of 
international banking and financial services, 
including retail and corporate banking, trade, 
trusteeship, securities, custody, capital markets, 
treasury, private and investment banking, and 
insurance. HSBC Holdings operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short HSBC Holdings PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short HSBC Holdings PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long HSBC Holdings PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long HSBC Holdings PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hubbell Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Hubbell Inc 
Hubbell Incorporated manufactures electrical and 
electronic products for commercial, industrial, 
utility, and telecommunications markets. The 
company's products include plugs, receptacles, 
connectors, lighting fixtures, high voltage test and 
measurement equipment, and voice and data 
signal processing components. Hubbell operates in 
the United States and overseas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hubbell Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hubbell Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hubbell Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hubbell Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short HubSpot Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
HubSpot Inc 
HubSpot, Inc. provides a cloud-based marketing 
and sales software platform. The company offers 
integrated applications that helps in lead 
generation and social marketing. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short HubSpot Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short HubSpot Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long HubSpot Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long HubSpot Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hudson Pacific Properties Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Hudson Pacific Properties 
Inc 
Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc. operates as a real 
estate company. The company focuses on owning, 
operating, and acquiring office and state of the art 
media and entertainment properties. Hudson 
Pacific Properties serves customers in Northern 
and Southern California. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hudson Pacific Properties Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hudson Pacific Properties Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hudson Pacific Properties Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hudson Pacific Properties Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short HUGO BOSS AG Index 
-1 
Short 
HUGO BOSS AG 
Hugo Boss AG designs, produces, and markets 
brand name clothing.  The company's products, 
which are marketed under branded names are 
sold through subsidiaries, franchises, and retail 
outlets throughout the world.  Hugo Boss licenses 
its name for eyeglass frames, fragrances, watches, 
shoes, and leather goods. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short HUGO BOSS AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short HUGO BOSS AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long HUGO BOSS AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long HUGO BOSS AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Huhtamaki Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Huhtamaki Oyj 
Huhtamaki Oyj manufactures consumer packaging 
products. The company produces disposable food 
service and tableware products, such as cups, 
plates, and trays, as well as containers for fresh 
meats, fruits, dairy products, frozen foods, coffee, 
and detergents. Huhtamaki makes the containers 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Huhtamaki Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Huhtamaki Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Huhtamaki Oyj Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 209 ---
209 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Huhtamaki Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
of paper, molded fibers, and plastics. The 
company manufactures in many countries and 
sells worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Humana Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Humana Inc 
Humana Inc. is a managed health care company 
with medical members located in the United 
States and Puerto Rico. The company offers 
coordinated health care through health 
maintenance organizations, preferred provider 
organizations, point-of-service plans, and 
administrative services products. Humana offers 
its products to employer groups, government-
sponsored plans, and individuals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Humana Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Humana Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Humana Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Humana Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Huntington Bancshares Inc/OH 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Huntington Bancshares 
Inc/OH 
Huntington Bancshares Incorporated is a multi-
state bank holding company. The company's 
subsidiaries provide full-service commercial and 
consumer banking services, mortgage banking, 
automobile financing, equipment leasing, 
investment management, trust, brokerage, 
customized insurance service programs, and other 
financial products and services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Huntington Bancshares Inc/OH 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Huntington Bancshares Inc/OH 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Huntington Bancshares Inc/OH 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Huntington Bancshares Inc/OH 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Huntington Ingalls Industries 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Huntington Ingalls 
Industries 
Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. (HII) designs, 
builds, and maintains nuclear and non-nuclear 
ships for the United States Navy and Coast Guard. 
The company also provides after-market services 
for military ships worldwide. HII consists of two 
primary business divisions, Newport News 
Shipbuilding and Ingalls Shipbuilding. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Huntington Ingalls Industries 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Huntington Ingalls Industries 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Huntington Ingalls Industries 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Huntington Ingalls Industries 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Huntsman Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Huntsman Corp 
Huntsman Corporation is a global manufacturer 
and marketer of differentiated and specialty 
chemicals. The company offers MDI formulations 
and systems, advanced epoxy, acrylic and 
polyurethane-based formulations, maleic 
anhydride, surfactants, amines, textile chemicals 
and dyes, and wide variety of other chemicals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Huntsman Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Huntsman Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Huntsman Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Huntsman Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Husqvarna AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Husqvarna AB 
Husqvarna AB manufactures outdoor 
maintenance and recreational products.  The 
company produces chain saws, trimmers, blowers, 
commercial lawn mowers, tillers, generators, 
snow blowers, stump grinders, and utility vehicles. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Husqvarna AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Husqvarna AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Husqvarna AB Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 210 ---
210 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Husqvarna AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Hyatt Hotels Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Hyatt Hotels Corp 
Hyatt Hotels Corporation operates as a global 
hospitality company. The company manages, 
franchises, owns, and develops branded hotels, 
resorts, and residential and vacation ownership 
properties. Hyatt Hotels serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Hyatt Hotels Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Hyatt Hotels Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Hyatt Hotels Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Hyatt Hotels Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short I3 Verticals Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
I3 Verticals Inc 
I3 Verticals, LLC provides payment and software 
solutions. The company offers electronic payment 
services to education, non-profit, public sector, 
property management, and health care industries. 
I3 Verticals serves clients in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short I3 Verticals Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short I3 Verticals Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long I3 Verticals Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long I3 Verticals Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IAA Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
IAA Inc 
IAA Inc. retails automobiles. The company offers 
buying and selling of trucks, passenger cars, and 
motorcycles, as well as provides insurance and car 
rental services. IAA serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IAA Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IAA Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IAA Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IAA Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IAC/InterActiveCorp Index 
-1 
Short 
IAC/InterActiveCorp 
IAC/InterActiveCorp. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides media and Internet services. 
IAC/InterActiveCorp serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IAC/InterActiveCorp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IAC/InterActiveCorp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IAC/InterActiveCorp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IAC/InterActiveCorp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Iberdrola SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Iberdrola SA 
Iberdrola, S.A. generates, distributes, trades, and 
markets electricity in the United Kingdom, United 
States, Spain, Portugal, and Latin America. The 
company specializes in clean energy and more 
specifically wind power. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Iberdrola SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Iberdrola SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Iberdrola SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Iberdrola SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ichor Holdings Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Ichor Holdings Ltd 
Ichor Holdings, Ltd. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
designs, engineers, and manufactures critical fluid 
delivery subsystems for semiconductor capital 
equipment. Ichor Holdings serves customers 
globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ichor Holdings Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ichor Holdings Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ichor Holdings Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ichor Holdings Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ICU Medical Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ICU Medical Inc

--- Page 211 ---
211 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ICU Medical Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
ICU Medical, Inc. develops, manufactures, and 
sells disposable medical connection systems for 
use in intravenous (IV) therapy applications. The 
company's products are designed to prevent 
accidental disconnection of IV lines and to protect 
healthcare workers and their patients from the 
spread of infectious disease such as Hepatitis B 
and Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV). 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ICU Medical Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ICU Medical Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ICU Medical Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IDACORP Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
IDACORP Inc 
IDACORP, Inc. operates as a holding company. The 
company, through its subsidiaries, generates, 
purchases, transmits, distributes, and sells electric 
energy in southern Idaho, eastern Oregon, 
northern Nevada, and Wyoming. IDACORP 
maintains electricity and natural gas marketing 
operations, as well as manages affordable housing 
projects and other real estate investments. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IDACORP Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IDACORP Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IDACORP Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IDACORP Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IDEX Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
IDEX Corp 
IDEX Corporation designs, manufactures, and 
markets pump and dispensing equipment and 
other engineered products. The company offers 
products including industrial pumps, lubrication 
systems, banding and clamping devices, and 
rescue tools. IDEX serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IDEX Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IDEX Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IDEX Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IDEX Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IDEXX Laboratories Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
IDEXX Laboratories Inc 
IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. provides diagnostic, 
detection, and information systems for veterinary, 
food, and water testing applications. The company 
also operates an international network of 
veterinary reference laboratories. IDEXX offers its 
products to customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IDEXX Laboratories Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IDEXX Laboratories Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IDEXX Laboratories Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IDEXX Laboratories Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IG Group Holdings PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
IG Group Holdings PLC 
IG Group Holdings PLC is a global online trading 
company, providing access to financial markets, 
including shares, indices, commodities and 
binaries to a retail and institutional client base. 
The company is a global provider of CFDs and 
forex. IG operates across Europe, Africa, Asia-
Pacific and the US, where it offers limited risk 
derivatives via the Nadex brand. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IG Group Holdings PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IG Group Holdings PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IG Group Holdings PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IG Group Holdings PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IG Group Holdings PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
IG Group Holdings PLC 
IG Group Holdings PLC is a global online trading 
company, providing access to financial markets, 
including shares, indices, commodities and 
binaries to a retail and institutional client base. 
The company is a global provider of CFDs and 
forex. IG operates across Europe, Africa, Asia-
Pacific and the US, where it offers limited risk 
derivatives via the Nadex brand. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IG Group Holdings PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IG Group Holdings PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IG Group Holdings PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IG Group Holdings PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IHS Markit Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
IHS Markit Ltd 
IHS Markit Ltd. is a global diversified provider of 
critical information, analytics, and solutions. The 
company offers next-generation information, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IHS Markit Ltd Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 212 ---
212 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IHS Markit Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
analytics and solutions to customers in business, 
finance and government, improving their 
operational efficiency and providing deep insights. 
IHS Markit serves business and government 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IHS Markit Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IHS Markit Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short II-VI Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
II-VI Inc 
II-VI Incorporated designs engineered materials 
and optoelectronic components. The company 
offers products to industrial, optical 
communications, military, life sciences, 
semiconductor equipment, and consumer 
markets. II-VI also manufactures semiconductor 
lasers and optics for high power industrial lasers, 
optical communications systems, datacenter 
connectivity, and 3D sensing. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short II-VI Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short II-VI Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long II-VI Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long II-VI Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Illinois Tool Works Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Illinois Tool Works Inc 
Illinois Tool Works Inc. designs and manufactures 
fasteners, components, equipment, consumable 
systems, and a variety of specialty products and 
equipment. The company's products include 
industrial fluids and adhesives, tooling for 
specialty applications, welding products, and 
quality measurement equipment and systems. 
Illinois Tool Works operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Illinois Tool Works Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Illinois Tool Works Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Illinois Tool Works Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Illinois Tool Works Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Illumina Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Illumina Inc 
Illumina, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets 
integrated systems for the large scale analysis of 
genetic variation and biological function. The 
company provides a comprehensive line of 
products and services that currently serve the 
sequencing, genotyping and gene expression 
markets for genomic research centers, 
pharmaceutical companies, academic institutions 
and biotechnology companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Illumina Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Illumina Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Illumina Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Illumina Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IMCD NV Index 
-1 
Short 
IMCD NV 
IMCD N.V. provides specialty chemicals and food 
ingredients. The company distributes and supplies 
detergent surfactants, builders, rheology 
modifiers, solubilizers, and polymers for plastics, 
esters, and dyes. IMCD serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IMCD NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IMCD NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IMCD NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IMCD NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IMI PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
IMI PLC 
IMI PLC, the international engineering company, 
designs, manufactures and services bespoke 
solutions that control the precise movement of 
fluids. The company works with customers across 
a range of high-growth sectors, including energy, 
oil and gas, energy efficient buildings, rail, 
commercial vehicles and beverage dispense. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IMI PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IMI PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IMI PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IMI PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IMI PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
IMI PLC 
IMI PLC, the international engineering company, 
designs, manufactures and services bespoke 
solutions that control the precise movement of 
fluids. The company works with customers across 
a range of high-growth sectors, including energy, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IMI PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IMI PLC Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 213 ---
213 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IMI PLC Index 
2 
Long 
oil and gas, energy efficient buildings, rail, 
commercial vehicles and beverage dispense. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IMI PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Imperial Brands PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Imperial Brands PLC 
Imperial Brands PLC operates as a consumer 
goods company. The company manufactures, 
markets, and sells cigarettes, cigars, pipe and 
smokeless tobacco, snus, e-cigarettes, and other 
tobacco products, as well as logistics business. 
Imperial Brands serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Imperial Brands PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Imperial Brands PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Imperial Brands PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Imperial Brands PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Impinj Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Impinj Inc 
Impinj, Inc. provides radio-frequency identification 
solutions for identifying, locating, and 
authenticating items. The company offers radio 
chips, gateways, readers and antennas, and 
software. Impinj serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Impinj Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Impinj Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Impinj Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Impinj Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Inchcape PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Inchcape PLC 
Inchcape PLC is a global automotive distributor 
and retailer. The company acts as a vehicle and 
parts distributor in multiple markets. In these 
markets, Inchcape has exclusive responsibility for 
managing the value chain on behalf of a focused 
portfolio of premium and luxury brand partners. 
Over two thirds of the Group profit is derived from 
Asia Pacific and emerging markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Inchcape PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Inchcape PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Inchcape PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Inchcape PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Incyte Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Incyte Corp 
Incyte Corporation is a biopharmaceutical 
company. The company discovers, develops, and 
commercializes proprietary small molecule drugs, 
primarily used in oncology. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Incyte Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Incyte Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Incyte Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Incyte Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short indie Semiconductor Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
indie Semiconductor Inc 
indie Semiconductor, Inc. empowers an autotech 
revolution with next generation automotive 
semiconductors and software platforms. The 
company focuses on edge sensors for advanced 
driver assistance systems including lidar, 
connected car, user experience, and electrification 
applications. indie Semiconductor serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short indie Semiconductor Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short indie Semiconductor Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long indie Semiconductor Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long indie Semiconductor Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Industria de Diseno Textil SA 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Industria de Diseno Textil 
SA 
Industria de Diseno Textil, S.A. designs, 
manufactures, and distributes apparel.  The 
company operates retail chains in Europe, the 
Americas, Asia, and Africa. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Industria de Diseno Textil SA 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Industria de Diseno Textil SA 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 214 ---
214 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Industria de Diseno Textil SA 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Industria de Diseno Textil SA 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Industrivarden AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Industrivarden AB 
Industrivarden AB is an investment company.  The 
company's holdings consists of a portfolio of listed 
Nordic industrial companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Industrivarden AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Industrivarden AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Industrivarden AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Industrivarden AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Indutrade AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Indutrade AB 
Indutrade AB provides engineering and 
equipment, flow technology, industrial 
components, and special products.  The company 
sells its products to industrial companies primarily 
in Northern Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Indutrade AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Indutrade AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Indutrade AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Indutrade AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Infineon Technologies AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Infineon Technologies AG 
Infineon Technologies AG designs, manufactures, 
and markets semiconductors. The company offers 
products include power semiconductors, 
microcontrollers, security controllers, radio 
frequency products, and sensors. Infineon markets 
its products to the automotive, industrial, 
communications, and consumer and security 
electronics sectors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Infineon Technologies AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Infineon Technologies AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Infineon Technologies AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Infineon Technologies AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Infinera Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Infinera Corp 
Infinera Corporation manufactures digital optical 
telecommunications equipment. The company 
uses photonic integrated circuits to create digital 
optical networks. Infinera markets its products to 
carriers, data service providers, and cable 
operators. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Infinera Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Infinera Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Infinera Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Infinera Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Informa PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Informa PLC 
Informa PLC provides business intelligence and 
academic publishing services. The company offers 
information in the finance and insurance, 
maritime transport, trade, law and tax, 
telecommunication, media, commodities, energy, 
and biomedical and pharmaceutical markets. 
Informa provides its information through 
newspapers, magazines, electronic media, books, 
and journals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Informa PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Informa PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Informa PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Informa PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Informatica Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Informatica Inc 
Informatica Inc. provides software solutions. The 
company offers an end-to-end data management 
platform that connects, manages, and unifies data 
across any multi-cloud, hybrid system, 
empowering enterprises to modernize and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Informatica Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Informatica Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Informatica Inc Index 
2 
Long 
advance their data strategies. Informatica serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Informatica Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Infrastrutture Wireless Italia 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Infrastrutture Wireless 
Italia 
Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane S.p.A. operates in 
the sector of infrastructure for electronic 
communications. The company focuses on the 
constructions of radio transmission infrastructure 
(towers, trellises and poles), telecommunications 
and distribution of television and radio signals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Infrastrutture Wireless Italia 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Infrastrutture Wireless Italia 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Infrastrutture Wireless Italia Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Infrastrutture Wireless Italia Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ING Groep NV Index 
-1 
Short 
ING Groep NV 
ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a global financial 
institution. The company provides retail and 
wholesale banking services to private clients, small 
businesses, large corporations, financial 
institutions, and governments. ING Groep 
operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ING Groep NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ING Groep NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ING Groep NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ING Groep NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ingersoll Rand Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ingersoll Rand Inc 
Ingersoll Rand Inc. manufactures flow control 
equipment. The company offers vacuum systems, 
bottle blowers, pumps, and air and gas 
compressors. Ingersoll-Rand serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ingersoll Rand Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ingersoll Rand Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ingersoll Rand Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ingersoll Rand Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ingredion Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ingredion Inc 
Ingredion Incorporated refines corn and produces 
sweeteners and starches. The company offers 
wide range of industries, including the food, soft 
drink, brewing, pharmaceutical, corrugating, 
paper, and textile industries. Ingredion has 
Company-owned operations, joint ventures, 
alliances, and technical licenses worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ingredion Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ingredion Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ingredion Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ingredion Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Inmobiliaria Colonial Socimi S 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Inmobiliaria Colonial 
Socimi S 
Inmobiliaria Colonial Socimi SA operates as a real 
estate company. The company owns, manages, 
develops, and renovates office buildings for rent. 
Inmobiliaria Colonial Socimi serves customers in 
Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Inmobiliaria Colonial Socimi S 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Inmobiliaria Colonial Socimi S 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Inmobiliaria Colonial Socimi S 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Inmobiliaria Colonial Socimi S 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short InPost SA Index 
-1 
Short 
InPost SA

--- Page 216 ---
216 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short InPost SA Index 
-2 
Short 
InPost S.A. is an e-commerce enablement 
platform. InPost provides delivery services 
through its network of automated parcel 
machines, including those in the UK, as well as to-
door couriers and fulfillment services to e-
commerce merchants. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short InPost SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long InPost SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long InPost SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Inseego Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Inseego Corp 
Inseego Corp. operates as a technology company. 
The company provides 5G and intelligent device-
to-cloud solutions. Inseego serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Inseego Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Inseego Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Inseego Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Inseego Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Insight Enterprises Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Insight Enterprises Inc 
Insight Enterprises, Inc. offers information 
technology hardware, software, and services to 
large enterprises, small to medium sized 
businesses, and public sector institutions in North 
America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and 
Asia-Pacific. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Insight Enterprises Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Insight Enterprises Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Insight Enterprises Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Insight Enterprises Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Insulet Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Insulet Corp 
Insulet Corporation operates as a medical device 
company. The company develops, manufactures, 
and markets an insulin infusion system for people 
with insulin-dependent diabetes. Insulet markets 
its products in the United Kingdom, Canada, and 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Insulet Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Insulet Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Insulet Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Insulet Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Intapp Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Intapp Inc 
Intapp, Inc. provides application software services. 
The company offers cloud-based and AI-powered 
software solutions for the professional and 
financial services industry. Intapp serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Intapp Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Intapp Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Intapp Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Intapp Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Integra LifeSciences Holdings 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Integra LifeSciences 
Holdings 
Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation 
operates as a holding company. The company, 
through its subsidiaries, provides solutions in 
orthopedic surgery, neurosurgery, and 
reconstructive and general surgery, as well as 
products include devices and implants for foot and 
ankle, hand and wrist, and wound repair. Integra 
LifeSciences Holdings serves customers in the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Integra LifeSciences Holdings 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Integra LifeSciences Holdings 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Integra LifeSciences Holdings 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Integra LifeSciences Holdings 
Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 217 ---
217 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Intel Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Intel Corp 
Intel Corporation designs, manufactures, and sells 
computer components and related products. The 
Company major products include 
microprocessors, chipsets, embedded processors 
and microcontrollers, flash memory, graphic, 
network and communication, systems 
management software, conferencing, and digital 
imaging products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Intel Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Intel Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Intel Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Intel Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Intellia Therapeutics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Intellia Therapeutics Inc 
Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. operates as a 
biotechnology company. The company focuses on 
the research and clinical development of gene 
editing therapies for patients with genetically-
based diseases. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Intellia Therapeutics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Intellia Therapeutics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Intellia Therapeutics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Intellia Therapeutics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Interactive Brokers Group Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Interactive Brokers Group 
Inc 
Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. is an automated 
global electronic market maker and broker 
specializing in routing orders and executing and 
processing trades in securities, futures, and 
foreign exchange instruments. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Interactive Brokers Group Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Interactive Brokers Group Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Interactive Brokers Group Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Interactive Brokers Group Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Intercontinental Exchange Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Intercontinental 
Exchange Inc 
Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. operates global 
commodity and financial products marketplaces. 
The company operates electronic energy markets 
and soft commodity exchanges as well. ICE offers 
access to contracts based on crude oil and refined 
products, natural gas, power and emissions, as 
well as agricultural commodities including cocoa, 
coffee, cotton, orange juice, and sugar. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Intercontinental Exchange Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Intercontinental Exchange Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Intercontinental Exchange Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Intercontinental Exchange Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short InterContinental Hotels Group 
Index 
-1 
Short 
InterContinental Hotels 
Group 
InterContinental Hotels Group PLC owns and 
operates a portfolio of hotel businesses. The 
group's portfolio is comprised primarily of various 
franchised hotels from an established and diverse 
group of brands. InterContinental Hotels manages 
hotel loyalty and priority club rewards programs. 
The Group operates hotels in countries and 
territories all over the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short InterContinental Hotels Group 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short InterContinental Hotels Group 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long InterContinental Hotels Group 
Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 218 ---
218 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long InterContinental Hotels Group 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short InterDigital Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
InterDigital Inc 
InterDigital, Inc. designs and develops technology 
for advanced digital wireless telecommunications 
applications. The company offers time division 
multiple access and wide band code division 
multiple access proprietary and standards 
compliant digital wireless technology to 
customers, licensees, and companies. InterDigital 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short InterDigital Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short InterDigital Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long InterDigital Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long InterDigital Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Intermediate Capital Group PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Intermediate Capital 
Group PLC 
Intermediate Capital Group PLC operates as a 
private equity firm. The firm invests in private 
debt, credit and equity, bridge financing, 
acquisitions, and other financial instruments. 
Intermediate Capital Group offers its services 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Intermediate Capital Group PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Intermediate Capital Group PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Intermediate Capital Group PLC 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Intermediate Capital Group PLC 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Intermediate Capital Group PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Intermediate Capital 
Group PLC 
Intermediate Capital Group PLC operates as a 
private equity firm. The firm invests in private 
debt, credit and equity, bridge financing, 
acquisitions, and other financial instruments. 
Intermediate Capital Group offers its services 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Intermediate Capital Group PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Intermediate Capital Group PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Intermediate Capital Group PLC 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Intermediate Capital Group PLC 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short International Business Machine 
Index 
-1 
Short 
International Business 
Machine 
International Business Machines Corporation 
(IBM) provides computer solutions. The company 
offers application, technology consulting and 
support, process design and operations, cloud, 
digital workplace, and network services, as well as 
business resiliency, strategy, and design solutions. 
IBM serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short International Business Machine 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short International Business Machine 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long International Business Machine 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long International Business Machine 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short International Consolidated Air 
Index 
-1 
Short 
International 
Consolidated Air 
International Consolidated Airlines Group S.A. 
provides transportation services. The company

--- Page 219 ---
219 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short International Consolidated Air 
Index 
-2 
Short 
offers international and domestic air passenger 
and cargo transportation services. International 
Consolidated Airlines Group serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short International Consolidated Air 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long International Consolidated Air 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long International Consolidated Air 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short International Flavors & Fragra 
Index 
-1 
Short 
International Flavors & 
Fragra 
International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. creates, 
manufactures, and supplies flavors and fragrances 
for the food, beverage, personal care, and 
household products industries. The company's 
flavors and fragrances are individual ingredients 
and compounds of a large number of ingredients 
that are blended, mixed, and reacted together to 
produce proprietary formulas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short International Flavors & Fragra 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short International Flavors & Fragra 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long International Flavors & Fragra 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long International Flavors & Fragra 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short International Money Express In 
Index 
-1 
Short 
International Money 
Express In 
International Money Express, Inc. provides a 
platform for the electronic movement of money 
and data from the United States to Latin America 
and the Caribbean. The company offers wire 
transfer, telewire, money order, and other money 
processing services to customers through a 
network of sending and paying agents, as well as 
online. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short International Money Express In 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short International Money Express In 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long International Money Express In 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long International Money Express In 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short International Paper Co Index 
-1 
Short 
International Paper Co 
International Paper Company produces and 
distributes paper products. The company offers 
uncoated printing and writing papers, pulp, and 
fiber-based packaging products. International 
Paper serves customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short International Paper Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short International Paper Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long International Paper Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long International Paper Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Interpublic Group of Cos Inc/T 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Interpublic Group of Cos 
Inc/T 
The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. is an 
organization of advertising agencies and 
marketing service companies. The company 
operates globally in the sectors of advertising, 
independent media buying, direct marketing, 
healthcare communications, interactive consulting 
services, marketing research, promotions, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Interpublic Group of Cos Inc/T 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Interpublic Group of Cos Inc/T 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 220 ---
220 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Interpublic Group of Cos Inc/T 
Index 
2 
Long 
experiential and sport marketing, and public 
relations. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Interpublic Group of Cos Inc/T 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Interpump Group SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Interpump Group SpA 
Interpump Group S.p.A. manufactures pumps, 
hydraulics, and cleaning equipment. The Company 
produces high-pressure pumps, electric motors, 
cleaning trolleys, hotel safes, bathtub frames, 
elevator components, hydraulic power take-offs, 
consumer and professional high-pressure washers, 
wet and dry vacuum cleaners, floor sweepers, 
steam cleaners, and squeegees. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Interpump Group SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Interpump Group SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Interpump Group SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Interpump Group SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Interroll Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Interroll Holding AG 
Interroll Holding AG, through its subsidiaries, 
produces components and systems for the storage 
and distribution of goods.  The company's 
products include conveyor rollers, bulk storage, 
dynamic storage, and automation equipment. 
Interroll's products provide solutions for storage, 
distribution, and commissioning of goods. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Interroll Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Interroll Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Interroll Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Interroll Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Intertek Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Intertek Group PLC 
Intertek Group PLC offers product inspection 
services. The company tests textiles, toys, 
petroleum, chemicals, electronics, building 
materials, and agricultural products. Intertek 
inspects products for safety to governments, 
exporters, and importers, as well as certifies that 
import duties are declared and paid. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Intertek Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Intertek Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Intertek Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Intertek Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Intesa Sanpaolo SpA 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. attracts deposits and offers 
banking and financial services. The bank offers 
consumer credit, asset management, internet 
banking, merchant banking, securities brokerage, 
factoring, and lease financing services, as well as 
manages mutual funds. Intesa Sanpaolo operates 
branches throughout Italy, and offices elsewhere 
in Europe, Asia, and the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Intuit Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Intuit Inc 
Intuit Inc. develops and markets business and 
financial management software solutions for small 
and medium sized businesses, financial 
institutions, consumers, and accounting 
professionals. The company provides software for 
small business management and payroll 
processing, personal finance, and tax preparation 
and filing. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Intuit Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Intuit Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Intuit Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Intuit Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Intuitive Surgical Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Intuitive Surgical Inc 
Intuitive Surgical, Inc. design, manufactures, and 
markets surgical systems. The company offers 
endoscopes, endoscopic retractors and disectors, 
scissors, scalpels, forceps, needle holders, 
electrocautery, ultrasonic cutters, and accessories 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Intuitive Surgical Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Intuitive Surgical Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Intuitive Surgical Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 221 ---
221 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Intuitive Surgical Inc Index 
3 
Long 
during surgical procedures. Intuitive Surgical 
operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Invesco Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Invesco Ltd 
Invesco Ltd. provides investment management 
services. The company offers equity, fixed income, 
separate accounts, exchange traded, collective, 
and balance mutual funds. Invesco serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Invesco Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Invesco Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Invesco Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Invesco Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Investec PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Investec PLC 
Investec plc is an international specialist bank and 
asset manager.  The group provides corporate and 
investment banking, private banking, securities 
trading, asset management, property trading and 
management and trade finance services. Dually-
listed company with INL SJ. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Investec PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Investec PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Investec PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Investec PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Investment AB Latour Index 
-1 
Short 
Investment AB Latour 
Investment AB Latour is a mixed investment 
company. The company also develops industrial 
and trading operations in automotive, hand tools, 
hydraulics, air treatment, machinery trading, and 
engineering technology. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Investment AB Latour Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Investment AB Latour Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Investment AB Latour Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Investment AB Latour Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Investor AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Investor AB 
Investor AB is an industrial holding company. The 
company owns significant shareholdings in major 
public multinational companies and conducts 
private equity activities in Europe, North America, 
and Asia. Investor takes an active ownership role 
in many of the companies it owns. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Investor AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Investor AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Investor AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Investor AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Invitae Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Invitae Corp 
Invitae Corporation operates as a genetic 
information company. The company specializes in 
providing information for genetic diagnostics, 
preimplantation and carrier screening for 
inherited disorders, miscarriage analysis, and 
hereditary cancer. Invitae serves customers in the 
State of California. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Invitae Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Invitae Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Invitae Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Invitae Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Invitation Homes Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Invitation Homes Inc 
Invitation Homes Inc. provides real estate services. 
The company owns and operates single-family 
rental homes, as well as offers acquisition 
underwriting and execution, upfront capital 
investment and renovation, ongoing leasing and 
maintenance operations, and dispositions 
services. Invitation Homes serves customers in the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Invitation Homes Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Invitation Homes Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Invitation Homes Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Invitation Homes Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc Index 
-1 
Short Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc

--- Page 222 ---
222 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Ionis Pharmaceuticals, Inc. operates as a 
biotechnology company. The company researches 
in RNA-targeted drug discovery and development 
that focuses on drugs for patients who have 
unmet medical needs. Ionis Pharmaceuticals 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Iovance Biotherapeutics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Iovance Biotherapeutics 
Inc 
Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc. operates as a 
biotechnology company. The company focuses on 
the development and commercialization of novel 
cancer immunotherapies based on tumor 
infiltrating lymphocytes for treatment of patients 
with cancer. Iovance Biotherapeutics serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Iovance Biotherapeutics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Iovance Biotherapeutics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Iovance Biotherapeutics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Iovance Biotherapeutics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IPG Photonics Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
IPG Photonics Corp 
IPG Photonics Corporation produces high-power 
fiber lasers and amplifiers. The company develops 
and commercializes optical fiber-based lasers used 
in a wide range of applications such as materials 
processing, telecommunications, and medical 
applications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IPG Photonics Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IPG Photonics Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IPG Photonics Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IPG Photonics Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ipsen SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Ipsen SA 
Ipsen S.A. manufactures and markets a wide range 
of medical drugs for targeted disease areas 
including oncology, endocrinology, and 
neuromuscular disorders. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ipsen SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ipsen SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ipsen SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ipsen SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IQVIA Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
IQVIA Holdings Inc 
IQVIA Holdings Inc. focuses on technology 
solutions and contract research services. The 
company offers a broad range of solutions which 
includes clinical development strategies, 
therapeutic expertise, predictive and prescriptive 
analytics, and patient retention services. IQVIA 
Holdings serves consumer health, biopharma, and 
medical technology industries globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IQVIA Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IQVIA Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IQVIA Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IQVIA Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Iron Mountain Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Iron Mountain Inc 
Iron Mountain Incorporated is a storage and 
information management company. The company 
provides records management, data management 
solutions, and information destruction services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Iron Mountain Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Iron Mountain Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Iron Mountain Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Iron Mountain Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ISS A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
ISS A/S 
ISS A/S is a global facility services company 
founded in 1901. The company's line of business 
includes Property Services, Cleaning, Catering, 
Support Services, Security and Facility 
Management. ISS A/S provides these services on a 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ISS A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ISS A/S Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 223 ---
223 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ISS A/S Index 
2 
Long 
single service, multi service or integrated basis via 
a workforce of approximately 500,000 people. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ISS A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Italgas SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Italgas SpA 
Italgas S.p.A. provides gas distribution services. 
The company offers delivery points management, 
pressure reduction plants, withdrawal cabins, fault 
reporting, and laboratory testing services. Italgas 
conducts its business in Italy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Italgas SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Italgas SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Italgas SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Italgas SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Itron Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Itron Inc 
Itron, Inc. provides solutions for collecting, 
communicating, and analyzing electric, gas, and 
water usage data. The company sells its products 
to the utility industry. Itron designs, 
manufactures, markets, sells, installs, and services 
hardware, software, and integrated systems for 
handheld computer-based electronic meter 
reading and automatic meter reading systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Itron Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Itron Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Itron Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Itron Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ITT Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ITT Inc 
ITT Inc. manufactures engineered components 
and customized technology solutions for industrial 
end-markets. The company offers complex pumps 
to advanced brake pads to intricate connectors. 
ITT serves energy infrastructure, electronics, 
aerospace, and transportation sectors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ITT Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ITT Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ITT Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ITT Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ITV PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
ITV PLC 
ITV PLC provides broadcasting services. The 
company produces and distributes content on 
multiple platforms. ITV serves customers in the 
United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ITV PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ITV PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ITV PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ITV PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Iveco Group NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Iveco Group NV 
Iveco Group N.V. operates as an automobile 
company. The company designs and manufactures 
transport and heavy, medium, and light duty 
commercial vehicles. Iveco Group serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Iveco Group NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Iveco Group NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Iveco Group NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Iveco Group NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IWG PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
IWG PLC 
IWG PLC operates as a holding company. The 
company owns and provides office space. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IWG PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IWG PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IWG PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IWG PLC Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 224 ---
224 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short IWG PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
IWG PLC 
IWG PLC operates as a holding company. The 
company owns and provides office space. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short IWG PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short IWG PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long IWG PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long IWG PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short J M Smucker Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
J M Smucker Co/The 
The JM Smucker Company manufactures and 
markets food products on a worldwide basis. The 
company's principal products include peanut 
butter, shortening and oils, fruit spreads, canned 
milk, baking mixes and ready-to-spread frostings, 
flour and baking ingredients, juices and beverages, 
frozen sandwiches, dessert toppings, syrups, 
pickles and condiments, and potato side dishes. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short J M Smucker Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short J M Smucker Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long J M Smucker Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long J M Smucker Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short J Sainsbury PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
J Sainsbury PLC 
J Sainsbury plc retails food. The Company operates 
Sainsbury supermarkets in the United Kingdom, 
convenience stores, an Internet-based home 
delivery service, and Sainsbury Bank. The Bank 
offers saving accounts, credit cards, mortgages, 
insurance products, and consumer loans. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short J Sainsbury PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short J Sainsbury PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long J Sainsbury PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long J Sainsbury PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Jabil Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Jabil Inc 
Jabil Inc. operates as a manufacturing services 
company. The company offers digital prototyping, 
printed electronics, device integration, circuit 
designing, and volume board assembly services. 
Jabil serves automotive, consumer health, data 
centers, energy, and defense and aerospace 
sectors worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Jabil Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Jabil Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Jabil Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Jabil Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Jack Henry & Associates Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Jack Henry & Associates 
Inc 
Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. develops, markets, 
and installs integrated computer systems for in-
house and service bureau data processing to 
banks and other financial institutions. Jack Henry 
also performs data conversion and software 
installation and customization for the 
implementation of its systems along with 
continuing customer maintenance. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Jack Henry & Associates Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Jack Henry & Associates Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Jack Henry & Associates Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Jack Henry & Associates Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Jacobs Engineering Group Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Jacobs Engineering Group 
Inc 
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. provides a broad 
range of technical, professional, and construction 
services to a large number of industrial, 
commercial, and governmental clients around the 
world. The company offers interior, construction 
management, scientific research and testing, 
architecture, engineering, and operations and 
maintenance services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Jacobs Engineering Group Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Jacobs Engineering Group Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Jacobs Engineering Group Inc 
Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 225 ---
225 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Jacobs Engineering Group Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Jamf Holding Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Jamf Holding Corp 
Jamf Holding Corp. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
focuses on technology solutions. Jamf Holding 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Jamf Holding Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Jamf Holding Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Jamf Holding Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Jamf Holding Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Janus Henderson Group PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Janus Henderson Group 
PLC 
Janus Henderson Group Plc (JHG) is an active asset 
manager dedicated to helping investors achieve 
long-term financial goals through a broad range of 
investment solutions, including equities, fixed 
income, quantitative equities, multi-asset and 
alternative asset class strategies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Janus Henderson Group PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Janus Henderson Group PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Janus Henderson Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Janus Henderson Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC 
Jazz Pharmaceuticals Public Limited Company is a 
specialty biopharmaceutical company focused on 
improving patients' lives by identifying, developing 
and commercializing innovative products that 
address unmet medical needs. The company has a 
diverse portfolio of products in the areas of 
narcolepsy, oncology, pain and psychiatry. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short JB Hunt Transport Services Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
JB Hunt Transport 
Services Inc 
J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. provides logistics 
services. The company transports a variety of 
products including automotive parts, department 
store merchandise, paper and wood products, 
food and beverages, plastics, chemicals, and 
manufacturing materials and supplies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short JB Hunt Transport Services Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short JB Hunt Transport Services Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long JB Hunt Transport Services Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long JB Hunt Transport Services Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short JBG SMITH Properties Index 
-1 
Short 
JBG SMITH Properties 
JBG SMITH Properties operates as a real estate 
investment trust. The company owns, operates, 
and develops mixed use real estate properties, as 
well as manages residential, retail, and office 
properties. JBG SMITH Properties serves 
customers in the State of Maryland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short JBG SMITH Properties Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short JBG SMITH Properties Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long JBG SMITH Properties Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long JBG SMITH Properties Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short JD Sports Fashion PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
JD Sports Fashion PLC

--- Page 226 ---
226 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short JD Sports Fashion PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
JD Sports Fashion PLC operates a chain of retail 
stores which sell brand-name sports and leisure 
wear.  The company sells sports and leisure 
footwear, clothing, and accessories, among other 
items. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short JD Sports Fashion PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long JD Sports Fashion PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long JD Sports Fashion PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short JD.com Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
JD.com Inc 
JD.com, Inc. is an online direct sales company in 
China. The company offers a wide selection of 
products through its website and mobile 
applications. JD.com sells appliances, computers, 
digital products, communication products, 
garments, books, and household items to 
consumers and vendors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short JD.com Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short JD.com Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long JD.com Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long JD.com Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short JDE Peet's NV Index 
-1 
Short 
JDE Peet's NV 
JDE Peet's N.V. produces and supplies coffee and 
tea beverages. The company markets its products 
and solutions through a go-to-market approach 
across the CPG, out-of-home, retail, and online 
sales channels. JDE Peet's serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short JDE Peet's NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short JDE Peet's NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long JDE Peet's NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long JDE Peet's NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Jefferies Financial Group Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Jefferies Financial Group 
Inc 
Jefferies Financial Group Inc. is a global diversified 
financial services company focusing on investment 
banking and capital markets, asset management 
and direct investing. The company offers a full 
range of investment banking, equities, fixed 
income, asset and wealth management products 
and services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Jefferies Financial Group Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Jefferies Financial Group Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Jefferies Financial Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Jefferies Financial Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Jeronimo Martins SGPS SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Jeronimo Martins SGPS 
SA 
Jeronimo Martins, SGPS, S.A. is a holding 
company. The company, through subsidiaries, 
distributes food in Portugal, Poland, and 
Colombia. The company operates supermarkets 
and cash and carry stores in Portugal, as well as 
retail stores in Poland and Colombia. Jeronimo 
Martins also manufactures various food products, 
as well as provides services to the restaurant 
industry. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Jeronimo Martins SGPS SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Jeronimo Martins SGPS SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Jeronimo Martins SGPS SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Jeronimo Martins SGPS SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short JetBlue Airways Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
JetBlue Airways Corp 
JetBlue Airways Corporation provides non-stop 
passenger flight service through its Airbus A320 
aircraft. The company's airline is based in New 
York's John F. Kennedy Airport and currently flies 
to various destinations in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short JetBlue Airways Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short JetBlue Airways Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long JetBlue Airways Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long JetBlue Airways Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short JFrog Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
JFrog Ltd

--- Page 227 ---
227 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short JFrog Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
JFrog Ltd operates as a software development 
company. The company provides technologies and 
tools for the everyday use and to increase the 
effectiveness. JFrog serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short JFrog Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long JFrog Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long JFrog Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Johnson & Johnson Index 
-1 
Short 
Johnson & Johnson 
Johnson & Johnson manufactures health care 
products and provides related services for the 
consumer, pharmaceutical, and medical devices 
and diagnostics markets. The company sells 
products such as skin and hair care products, 
acetaminophen products, pharmaceuticals, 
diagnostic equipment, and surgical equipment in 
countries located around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Johnson & Johnson Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Johnson & Johnson Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Johnson & Johnson Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Johnson & Johnson Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Johnson Controls International 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Johnson Controls 
International 
Johnson Controls International plc (JCI) provides 
building products and technology solutions. The 
company offers air systems, building 
management, HVAC controls, security, and fire 
safety solutions. JCI serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Johnson Controls International 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Johnson Controls International 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Johnson Controls International 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Johnson Controls International 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Johnson Matthey PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Johnson Matthey PLC 
Johnson Matthey PLC is a specialty chemicals 
company which manufactures catalysts, 
pharmaceutical materials, and pollution control 
systems. The company also refines platinum, gold, 
and silver, and produces color and coating 
materials for the glass, ceramics, tile, plastics, 
paint, ink, and construction industries. Johnson 
Matthey has operations around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Johnson Matthey PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Johnson Matthey PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Johnson Matthey PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Johnson Matthey PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Jones Lang LaSalle Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Jones Lang LaSalle Inc 
Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated provides real 
estate and investment management services. The 
company serves multinationals, corporations, 
institutions, occupiers, and investors from offices 
in markets located worldwide. Jones Lang LaSalle 
provides services such as tenant representation, 
property management, agency leasing, finance, 
and valuations. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Jones Lang LaSalle Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Jones Lang LaSalle Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Jones Lang LaSalle Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Jones Lang LaSalle Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short JPMorgan Chase & Co Index 
-1 
Short 
JPMorgan Chase & Co 
JPMorgan Chase & Co. provides global financial 
services and retail banking. The company provides 
services such as investment banking, treasury and 
securities services, asset management, private 
banking, card member services, commercial 
banking, and home finance. JP Morgan Chase 
serves business enterprises, institutions, and 
individuals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short JPMorgan Chase & Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short JPMorgan Chase & Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long JPMorgan Chase & Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long JPMorgan Chase & Co Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 228 ---
228 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Julius Baer Group Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Julius Baer Group Ltd 
Julius Baer Group Ltd. offers private banking 
services. The bank advises on wealth 
management, financial planning, and investments, 
as well as offers mortgage and other lending, 
foreign exchange, securities trading, custody and 
execution services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Julius Baer Group Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Julius Baer Group Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Julius Baer Group Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Julius Baer Group Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Juniper Networks Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Juniper Networks Inc 
Juniper Networks, Inc. provides internet 
infrastructure solutions for internet service 
providers and other telecommunications service 
providers. The company offers network 
infrastructure solutions that includes IP routing, 
ethernet switching, security, and application 
acceleration. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Juniper Networks Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Juniper Networks Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Juniper Networks Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Juniper Networks Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Just Eat Takeaway.com NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Just Eat Takeaway.com 
NV 
Just Eat Takeaway.com N.V. is an online food 
ordering company. The company offers mobile 
application for ordering and delivering of food and 
beverages. Just Eat Takeaway.com serves 
customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Just Eat Takeaway.com NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Just Eat Takeaway.com NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Just Eat Takeaway.com NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Just Eat Takeaway.com NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short K+S AG Index 
-1 
Short 
K+S AG 
K+S Aktiengesellschaft manufactures and markets 
within the fertilizer division standard and specialty 
fertilizers to the agricultural and industrial 
industries worldwide. In its salt business, the 
company produces de-icing salt, food grade salt, 
industrial salt and salt for chemical use. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short K+S AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short K+S AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long K+S AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long K+S AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short KBC Group NV Index 
-1 
Short 
KBC Group NV 
KBC Group NV attracts deposits and offers banking 
and insurance services. The bank offers mortgage 
and consumer loans, project financing, lease 
financing and factoring, as well as life, health, 
commercial, automobile, liability, industrial 
accident, occupational insurance, and manages 
investment funds. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short KBC Group NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short KBC Group NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long KBC Group NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long KBC Group NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kellogg Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Kellogg Co 
Kellogg Company manufactures and markets 
ready-to-eat cereal and other convenience foods. 
The company's products include cereals, cookies, 
crackers, toaster pastries, cereal bars, fruit snacks, 
frozen waffles, and veggie foods. Kellogg markets 
its products in the United States, Canada, and 
other countries throughout the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kellogg Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kellogg Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kellogg Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kellogg Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kemper Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Kemper Corp 
Kemper Corporation is a financial services 
provider. The company specializes in property and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kemper Corp Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 229 ---
229 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kemper Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
casualty, life, health, and accident insurance 
products and services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kemper Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kemper Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kering SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Kering SA 
Kering designs, manufactures, and markets 
fashion and leather goods. The company 
specializes in ready-to-wear products, sports 
goods, shoes, jewelry, and watches. Kering serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kering SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kering SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kering SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kering SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kerry Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Kerry Group PLC 
Kerry Group PLC is a major international food 
corporation. The group develops, manufactures, 
and delivers innovative taste solutions and 
nutritional and functional ingredients for the food, 
beverage, and pharmaceutical industries. The 
group also manufactures added value brands and 
customer branded chilled foods to the UK and 
Irish consumer food markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kerry Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kerry Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kerry Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kerry Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kesko Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Kesko Oyj 
Kesko Oyj, through subsidiaries, operates 
wholesale and retail stores. The company provides 
trading sector services such as hardware and 
building supplies and home improvement trade, 
interior decoration and home goods, delivery 
sales, wholesale services, animal feeds, chemicals 
and machinery, import and market of passenger 
cars, and commercial vehicles. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kesko Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kesko Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kesko Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kesko Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Keurig Dr Pepper Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Keurig Dr Pepper Inc 
Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. manufactures and 
distributes non-alcoholic beverages. The company 
offers soft drinks, juices, teas, mixers, water, and 
other beverages. Keurig Dr Pepper serves 
customers in the United States, Canada, and 
Mexico. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Keurig Dr Pepper Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Keurig Dr Pepper Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Keurig Dr Pepper Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Keurig Dr Pepper Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short KeyCorp Index 
-1 
Short 
KeyCorp 
KeyCorp operates as a holding company. The 
company, through its subsidiaries, provides retail 
and commercial banking, commercial leasing, 
investment management, consumer finance, and 
investment banking products and services to 
individual, corporate, and institutional clients. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short KeyCorp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short KeyCorp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long KeyCorp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long KeyCorp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Keysight Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Keysight Technologies Inc 
Keysight Technologies, Inc. offers electronic 
measurement services using wireless, modular, 
and software solutions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Keysight Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Keysight Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Keysight Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 230 ---
230 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Keysight Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short KGHM Polska Miedz SA Index 
-1 
Short 
KGHM Polska Miedz SA 
KGHM Polska Miedz Spolka Akcyjna produces 
copper and silver from its own mines in Europe. 
Products include copper cathodes, wire rod, cast 
billets, and refined silver. The silver produced by 
KGHM is used for jewelry and silverware, coins, 
photography products, and for industrial and 
decorative purposes. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short KGHM Polska Miedz SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short KGHM Polska Miedz SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long KGHM Polska Miedz SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long KGHM Polska Miedz SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kilroy Realty Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Kilroy Realty Corp 
Kilroy Realty Corporation is a real estate 
investment trust. The company engages in the 
ownership, acquisition, development, and 
operation of Class A office properties located in 
the States of California and Washington. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kilroy Realty Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kilroy Realty Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kilroy Realty Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kilroy Realty Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kimball Electronics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Kimball Electronics Inc 
Kimball Electronics Inc. offers contract electronic 
manufacturing services. The company designs and 
manufactures durable electronics for the 
automotive, industrial, medical, and public safety 
industries. Kimball Electronics serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kimball Electronics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kimball Electronics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kimball Electronics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kimball Electronics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kimberly-Clark Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Kimberly-Clark Corp 
Kimberly-Clark Corporation is a global health and 
hygiene company that manufactures and provides 
consumer products. The company's products 
include diapers, tissues, paper towels, 
incontinence care products, surgical gowns, and 
disposable face masks. Kimberly-Clark's products 
are sold in countries around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kimberly-Clark Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kimberly-Clark Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kimberly-Clark Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kimberly-Clark Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kimco Realty Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Kimco Realty Corp 
Kimco Realty Corporation is a real estate 
investment trust (REIT). The company owns and 
operates open-air shopping centers with multiple 
locations in the United States and Puerto Rico. 
Kimco Realty owns properties which are usually 
anchored by a supermarket and big box store that 
sells day-to-day necessities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kimco Realty Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kimco Realty Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kimco Realty Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kimco Realty Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kinder Morgan Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Kinder Morgan Inc 
Kinder Morgan, Inc. of Delaware operates as a 
pipeline transportation and energy storage 
company. The company owns and operates 
pipelines that transport natural gas, gasoline, 
crude oil, carbon dioxide, and other products, as 
well as terminals that store petroleum products 
and chemicals and handle bulk materials like coal 
and petroleum coke. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kinder Morgan Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kinder Morgan Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kinder Morgan Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kinder Morgan Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kindred Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Kindred Group PLC

--- Page 231 ---
231 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kindred Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Kindred Group PLC offers online gambling 
services. The company provides sports betting, 
poker, casino, and other Internet games. Kindred 
Group serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kindred Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kindred Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kindred Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kingfisher PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Kingfisher PLC 
Kingfisher plc operates as a home improvement 
company. The company offers hardware, home 
decoration, building materials, and garden 
products. Kingfisher markets its products 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kingfisher PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kingfisher PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kingfisher PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kingfisher PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kingspan Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Kingspan Group PLC 
Kingspan Group PLC is a global market player in 
high performance insulation and building 
envelope technologies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kingspan Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kingspan Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kingspan Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kingspan Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kinnevik AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Kinnevik AB 
Kinnevik AB is an investment company focused on 
digital consumer businesses. The company invests 
in and manages a long-term portfolio of listed and 
unlisted companies, and seeks to exert influence 
in the companies by board representation and 
other means. Kinnevik's portfolio is divided into 
four sectors, e-commerce and marketplaces, 
communication, entertainment, and financial 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kinnevik AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kinnevik AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kinnevik AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kinnevik AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short KION Group AG Index 
-1 
Short 
KION Group AG 
KION Group AG provides material handling 
solutions. The company offers forklifts, warehouse 
equipments, and other industrial trucks. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short KION Group AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short KION Group AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long KION Group AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long KION Group AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kirby Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Kirby Corp 
Kirby Corporation operates a fleet of inland tank 
barges. The company transports industrial 
chemicals, refined petroleum products, black oil 
products, and agricultural chemicals. Kirby also 
overhauls and services diesel engines employed in 
marine, power generation, and rail applications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kirby Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kirby Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kirby Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kirby Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short KKR & Co Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
KKR & Co Inc 
KKR & Co. Inc. operates as an investment firm. The 
company manages investments such as private 
equity, energy, infrastructure, real estate, credit 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short KKR & Co Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short KKR & Co Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 232 ---
232 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long KKR & Co Inc Index 
2 
Long 
strategies, and hedge funds. KKR & Co serves 
clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long KKR & Co Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short KLA Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
KLA Corp 
KLA Corporation produces and distributes 
semiconductors. The company offers surface 
profilers, nanomechanical testers, chips, and 
semiconductor assembly solutions. KLA markets 
its products in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short KLA Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short KLA Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long KLA Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long KLA Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Klepierre SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Klepierre SA 
Klepierre SA is a property developer in the retail 
property market. The company owns and 
manages shopping centers in continental Europe 
and opted for the SIIC legal status in 2003. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Klepierre SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Klepierre SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Klepierre SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Klepierre SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Knight-Swift Transportation Ho 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Knight-Swift 
Transportation Ho 
Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings Inc. provides 
transportation and logistics services. The company 
offers dry van, cross border freight transportation, 
fleet solutions, consulting, brokerage, equipment 
leasing, temperature controlled transport, and 
engineering services. Knight-Swift Transportation 
Holdings serves customers in North America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Knight-Swift Transportation Ho 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Knight-Swift Transportation Ho 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Knight-Swift Transportation Ho 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Knight-Swift Transportation Ho 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Knorr-Bremse AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Knorr-Bremse AG 
Knorr-Bremse Aktiengesellschaft develops, 
produces, markets, and services braking systems 
for rail and commercial vehicles. The company 
provides entrance, windscreen wipers, driver 
assistance, and power supply systems, as well as 
platform screen doors and torsional vibration 
dampers. Knorr-Bremse serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Knorr-Bremse AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Knorr-Bremse AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Knorr-Bremse AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Knorr-Bremse AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Knowles Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Knowles Corp 
Knowles Corporation designs and manufactures 
advanced acoustic components. The company 
produces components for hearing aids and surface 
mount microphones for cell phones and consumer 
electronics. Knowles offers its products around 
the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Knowles Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Knowles Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Knowles Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Knowles Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kohl's Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Kohl's Corp 
Kohl's Corporation operates a chain of family-
oriented department stores. The Company's 
stores feature apparel, footwear and accessories 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kohl's Corp Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 233 ---
233 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kohl's Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
for women, men and children; soft home products 
such as sheets and pillows; and housewares 
targeted to middle income customers. Kohl's also 
offers online shopping as well as offers store 
credit cards. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kohl's Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kohl's Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kojamo Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Kojamo Oyj 
Kojamo Oyj offers real estate development, 
investment, and financing services. The company 
develops, rents, and manages housing 
apartments. Kojamo serves customers in Finland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kojamo Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kojamo Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kojamo Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kojamo Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kone Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Kone Oyj 
Kone OYJ provides solutions for the installation, 
maintenance, and modernization of elevators and 
escalators and the maintenance of automatic 
building doors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kone Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kone Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kone Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kone Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Koninklijke Ahold 
Delhaize NV 
Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V., through its 
subsidiaries, operates retail stores that offers food 
and non-food products in the United States and 
Europe. The company manages supermarkets, 
convenience stores, compact hypers, pick-up 
points, and gasoline stations, as well as specialty 
stores which provides health and beauty care 
products, and wine and liquor. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Koninklijke DSM NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Koninklijke DSM NV 
Koninklijke DSM N.V. is a Dutch-based 
multinational life sciences and materials sciences 
company. The company's global end markets 
include food and dietary supplements, personal 
care, feed, pharmaceuticals, medical devices, 
automotive, paints, electrical and electronics, life 
protection, alternative energy, and bio-based 
materials. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Koninklijke DSM NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Koninklijke DSM NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Koninklijke DSM NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Koninklijke DSM NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Koninklijke KPN NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Koninklijke KPN NV 
Koninklijke KPN N.V. is a telecommunications and 
IT provider in the Netherlands, serving both 
consumer and business customers with its fixed 
and mobile networks for telephony, broadband 
and television. The company offers customers 
telephone and internet services and solutions in IT 
services such as cloud, security and workspace. 
KPN offers third party telecom providers access to 
its phone networks 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Koninklijke KPN NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Koninklijke KPN NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Koninklijke KPN NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Koninklijke KPN NV Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 234 ---
234 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Koninklijke Philips NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Koninklijke Philips NV 
Koninklijke Philips NV is a health technology 
company focused on improving people's health 
across the health continuum from healthy living 
and prevention, to diagnosis, treatment, and 
home care. The company offers products and 
services in diagnostic imaging, image-guided 
therapy, patient monitoring and health 
informatics, as well as in consumer health and 
home care. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Koninklijke Philips NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Koninklijke Philips NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Koninklijke Philips NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Koninklijke Philips NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kraft Heinz Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Kraft Heinz Co/The 
The Kraft Heinz Company produces food products. 
The Company distributes dairy products, sauces, 
flavored milk powders, and other products. Kraft 
Heinz serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kraft Heinz Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kraft Heinz Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kraft Heinz Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kraft Heinz Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kroger Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Kroger Co/The 
The Kroger Co. operates supermarkets and 
convenience stores in the United States. The 
company also manufactures and processes some 
of the foods that its supermarkets sell. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kroger Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kroger Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kroger Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kroger Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kuehne + Nagel International A 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Kuehne + Nagel 
International A 
Kuehne + Nagel International AG transports 
freight worldwide. The company operates sea, 
land, and rail freight transportation businesses 
and warehousing and distribution facilities. 
Kuehne + Nagel also provides related special 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kuehne + Nagel International A 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kuehne + Nagel International A 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kuehne + Nagel International A 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kuehne + Nagel International A 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kulicke & Soffa Industries Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Kulicke & Soffa Industries 
Inc 
Kulicke and Soffa Industries, Inc. designs, 
manufactures, and markets capital equipment, 
related spare parts, and packaging materials used 
to assemble semiconductor devices. The company 
also services, maintains, repairs, and upgrades 
assembly equipment. Kulicke's equipment is used 
in wire bonding systems, wafer dicing saws, and 
die bonders. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kulicke & Soffa Industries Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kulicke & Soffa Industries Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kulicke & Soffa Industries Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kulicke & Soffa Industries Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Kyndryl Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Kyndryl Holdings Inc

--- Page 235 ---
235 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Kyndryl Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Kyndryl Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides applications, data, AI, cloud, core 
enterprise, digital workplace, security, and other 
related services. Kyndryl Holdings serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Kyndryl Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Kyndryl Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Kyndryl Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short L E Lundbergforetagen AB Index 
-1 
Short 
L E Lundbergforetagen 
AB 
L E Lundbergforetagen AB is a real estate and 
investment company.  The company owns,  
develops, rents out, and manages commercial and 
residential properties located in central Sweden.  
Lundbergs is also a long term investor in mostly 
publicly traded Swedish companies.  The company 
takes an active ownership role in the companies.  
Moreover Lundbergs is engaged in securities 
trading. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short L E Lundbergforetagen AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short L E Lundbergforetagen AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long L E Lundbergforetagen AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long L E Lundbergforetagen AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short L3Harris Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
L3Harris Technologies Inc 
L3Harris Technologies, Inc. is an aerospace and 
defense technology innovator. The company 
designs, develops, and manufactures radio 
communications products and systems, including 
single channel ground and airborne radio systems. 
L3Harris Technologies provides advanced defense 
and commercial technologies across air, land, sea, 
space, and cyber domains. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short L3Harris Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short L3Harris Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long L3Harris Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long L3Harris Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short La Francaise des Jeux SAEM Index 
-1 
Short 
La Francaise des Jeux 
SAEM 
La Francaise des Jeux SAEM provides gaming 
equipment. The company specializes in lottery 
services. La Francaise des Jeux serves customers in 
France. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short La Francaise des Jeux SAEM Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short La Francaise des Jeux SAEM Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long La Francaise des Jeux SAEM Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long La Francaise des Jeux SAEM Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Laboratory Corp of America Hol 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Laboratory Corp of 
America Hol 
Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings is a 
clinical laboratory company that offers clinical 
laboratory tests used by the medical profession in 
routine testing, patient diagnosis, and in the 
monitoring and treatment of disease. The 
company develops specialty testing operations, 
such as oncology testing, HIV genotyping, and 
phenotyping, diagnostic genetics, and clinical 
trials. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Laboratory Corp of America Hol 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Laboratory Corp of America Hol 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Laboratory Corp of America Hol 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Laboratory Corp of America Hol 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lam Research Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Lam Research Corp 
Lam Research Corporation manufactures, 
markets, and services semiconductor processing 
equipment used in the making of integrated 
circuits. The company’s products are used to 
deposit special films on a silicon wafer and etch 
away portions of various films to create a circuit 
design. Lam Research sells its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lam Research Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lam Research Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lam Research Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lam Research Corp Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 236 ---
236 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lamar Advertising Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Lamar Advertising Co 
Lamar Advertising Company owns and operates 
outdoor advertising structures in the United 
States. The company provides poster and bulletin 
displays, as well as logo signs. Lamar also operates 
tourism signage franchises in the United States 
and Canada. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lamar Advertising Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lamar Advertising Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lamar Advertising Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lamar Advertising Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lamb Weston Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Lamb Weston Holdings 
Inc 
Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
produces and supplies frozen potato products. 
Lamb Weston Holdings offers fries, oven roasted 
potatoes, puffs, chips, slices, and prepared potato 
products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lamb Weston Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lamb Weston Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lamb Weston Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lamb Weston Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Land Securities Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Land Securities Group 
PLC 
Land Securities Group PLC is a property 
investment and management company. The group 
invests in real estate, including offices, shops and 
shopping centers, out of town retail locations, 
supermarkets and industrial, and warehouse 
facilities throughout the United Kingdom. Land 
Securities' portfolio also consists of a small 
percentage of hotel, leisure, and residential 
properties. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Land Securities Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Land Securities Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Land Securities Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Land Securities Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Landstar System Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Landstar System Inc 
Landstar System, Inc. is a North American 
truckload carrier. The company transports a 
variety of freight, including iron and steel, 
automotive products, paper, lumber, chemicals, 
foodstuffs, and military hardware. Landstar 
System provides truckload carrier. intermodal 
transportation, and expedited air and truck 
services to shippers in the United States, Canada, 
and Mexico. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Landstar System Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Landstar System Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Landstar System Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Landstar System Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short LANXESS AG Index 
-1 
Short 
LANXESS AG 
LANXESS AG manufactures specialty chemicals. 
The company focuses on the development, 
manufacturing, and marketing of plastics, rubber, 
intermediates, and specialty chemicals. LANXESS 
offers its products around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short LANXESS AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short LANXESS AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long LANXESS AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long LANXESS AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Las Vegas Sands Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Las Vegas Sands Corp 
Las Vegas Sands Corp owns and operates casino 
resorts and convention centers. The company 
operates in the United States, Macau and 
Singapore. Las Vegas Sand offers a wide range of 
gaming activities and entertainment as well as 
overnight accommodations, while its expo centers 
host a wide range of entertainment shows, 
expositions, and other activities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Las Vegas Sands Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Las Vegas Sands Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Las Vegas Sands Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Las Vegas Sands Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Latch Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Latch Inc

--- Page 237 ---
237 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Latch Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Latch, Inc. operates as a technology company. The 
company specializes in keyless entry security 
systems to open and manage every door in an 
apartment building from a smartphone. Latch 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Latch Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Latch Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Latch Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lattice Semiconductor Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Lattice Semiconductor 
Corp 
Lattice Semiconductor Corporation designs, 
develops, and market programmable logic 
devices. The company offers three types of 
semiconductor devices, including programmable 
logic device, video connectivity application specific 
standard products, and millimeter wave devices. 
Lattice Semiconductor operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lattice Semiconductor Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lattice Semiconductor Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lattice Semiconductor Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lattice Semiconductor Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lazard Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Lazard Ltd 
Lazard Ltd provides asset management and 
financial advisory services. The company offers 
advice on mergers and acquisitions, strategic 
matters, restructuring capital structure, capital 
raising and corporate finance, as well as asset 
management services to corporations, 
partnerships, institutions, governments and 
individuals. Lazard serves customers 
internationally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lazard Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lazard Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lazard Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lazard Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lear Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Lear Corp 
Lear Corporation manufactures automobile parts. 
The company produces seating systems, wiring 
harnesses, terminals, connectors, junction boxes, 
body control electronics, wireless products, and 
audio systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lear Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lear Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lear Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lear Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short LEG Immobilien SE Index 
-1 
Short 
LEG Immobilien SE 
LEG Immobilien SE provides real estate services. 
The company owns and operates apartments, 
commercial assets, and industrial properties. LEG 
Immobilien serves customers in Germany. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short LEG Immobilien SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short LEG Immobilien SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long LEG Immobilien SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long LEG Immobilien SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Legal & General Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Legal & General Group 
PLC 
Legal & General Group PLC offers financial 
services. The company provides asset 
management, general insurance, retirement plans, 
savings, investment management, financial 
advisory, mortgage clubs, workplace pensions, 
auto enrolment solutions, and other services. 
Legal & General Group serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Legal & General Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Legal & General Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Legal & General Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Legal & General Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Legalzoom.com Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Legalzoom.com Inc 
Legalzoom.com, Inc. provides legal services. The 
company focuses on forming business, corporate 
changes, filings, business compliance, trademark, 
patent, copyright, taxes, licenses, permits, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Legalzoom.com Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Legalzoom.com Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 238 ---
238 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Legalzoom.com Inc Index 
2 
Long 
agreements, and additional services. 
Legalzoom.com serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Legalzoom.com Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Leggett & Platt Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Leggett & Platt Inc 
Leggett & Platt, Incorporated manufactures a wide 
range of engineered products. The company's 
products include components for bedding, 
furniture, and other residential furnishings, as well 
as office and institutional furnishings components, 
retail store fixtures, and displays, specialty wire 
products, and automotive seating suspension and 
lumbar systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Leggett & Platt Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Leggett & Platt Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Leggett & Platt Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Leggett & Platt Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Legrand SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Legrand SA 
Legrand designs and manufactures electrical 
devices. The company offers switches, sockets, 
fuses, cables, security systems, circuit breakers, 
solar energy panels, energy management 
components, and accessories. Legrand serves 
office, hotels, shopping centers, residential, and 
data centers. Legrand serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Legrand SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Legrand SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Legrand SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Legrand SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Leidos Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Leidos Holdings Inc 
Leidos Holdings, Inc. provides scientific, 
engineering, systems integration, and technical 
services and solutions. The company provides its 
services in the areas of national security, 
engineering, and health. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Leidos Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Leidos Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Leidos Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Leidos Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lemonade Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Lemonade Inc 
Lemonade, Inc. operates as an insurance 
company. The company offers artificial 
intelligence (AI) based technology for fire, 
property, liability, and other related insurance 
policy issuing and claim settlements. Lemonade 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lemonade Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lemonade Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lemonade Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lemonade Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lennar Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Lennar Corp 
Lennar Corporation constructs and sells single-
family attached and detached homes, as well as 
buys and sells residential land. The company also 
provides mortgage financing, title insurance, 
commercial real estate, investment management, 
and other financial services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lennar Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lennar Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lennar Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lennar Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lennar Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Lennar Corp 
Lennar Corporation constructs and sells single-
family attached and detached homes, as well as 
buys and sells residential land. The company also 
provides mortgage financing, title insurance, 
commercial real estate, investment management, 
and other financial services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lennar Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lennar Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lennar Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lennar Corp Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 239 ---
239 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lennox International Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Lennox International Inc 
Lennox International Inc. provides climate control 
solutions. The company designs, manufactures, 
and markets heating, ventilation, air conditioning, 
and refrigeration equipment. Lennox markets its 
products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lennox International Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lennox International Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lennox International Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lennox International Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Leonardo SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Leonardo SpA 
Leonardo SpA operates as a technology company. 
The company provides its services to the 
aerospace, defense, and security sectors globally. 
Leonardo works on helicopters, aircrafts, 
aerostructures, airborne and space systems, land 
and naval defense electronics, and defense 
systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Leonardo SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Leonardo SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Leonardo SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Leonardo SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Leslie's Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Leslie's Inc 
Leslie's, Inc. retails outdoor supplies and sporting 
goods. The company offers solar covers, pool 
filters, pumps, cleaning attachments, spa 
chemicals, ladders, and accessories. Leslie's 
markets its products in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Leslie's Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Leslie's Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Leslie's Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Leslie's Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Liberty Broadband Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Liberty Broadband Corp 
Liberty Broadband Corporation invests in 
communication companies. The company has 
principal assets in TruePosition and Time Warner 
Cable. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Liberty Broadband Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Liberty Broadband Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Liberty Broadband Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Liberty Broadband Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Liberty Broadband Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Liberty Broadband Corp 
Liberty Broadband Corporation invests in 
communication companies. The company has 
principal assets in TruePosition and Time Warner 
Cable. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Liberty Broadband Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Liberty Broadband Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Liberty Broadband Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Liberty Broadband Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Liberty Media Corp-Liberty For 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Liberty Media Corp-
Liberty For 
Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Formula One operates 
as a media company. The company focuses on 
digital media, communication, and entertainment 
businesses. Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Formula 
One conducts business in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Liberty Media Corp-Liberty For 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Liberty Media Corp-Liberty For 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Liberty Media Corp-Liberty For 
Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 240 ---
240 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Liberty Media Corp-Liberty For 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Liberty Media Corp-Liberty For 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Liberty Media Corp-
Liberty For 
Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Formula One operates 
as a media company. The company focuses on 
digital media, communication, and entertainment 
businesses. Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Formula 
One conducts business in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Liberty Media Corp-Liberty For 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Liberty Media Corp-Liberty For 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Liberty Media Corp-Liberty For 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Liberty Media Corp-Liberty For 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Sir 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Liberty Media Corp-
Liberty Sir 
Liberty Media Corp-Liberty SiriusXM operates as a 
media company. The company owns interests in a 
broad range of media, communications, and 
entertainment businesses. Liberty Media Corp-
Liberty SiriusXM conducts business in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Sir 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Sir 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Sir 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Sir 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Sir 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Liberty Media Corp-
Liberty Sir 
Liberty Media Corp-Liberty SiriusXM operates as a 
media company. The company owns interests in a 
broad range of media, communications, and 
entertainment businesses. Liberty Media Corp-
Liberty SiriusXM conducts business in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Sir 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Sir 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Sir 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Liberty Media Corp-Liberty Sir 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lifco AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Lifco AB 
Lifco AB operates as a holding company. The 
company, through its subsidiaries, provides dental 
products, machinery and tools, sawmill 
equipment, contract manufacturing, vehicle 
interiors, and environmental technology. Lifco 
offers its products through a network of 
subsidiaries and partnerships worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lifco AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lifco AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lifco AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lifco AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Life Storage Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Life Storage Inc 
Life Storage, Inc. operates as a self-administered 
and self managed real estate investment trust. 
The company acquires and manages self storage 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Life Storage Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 241 ---
241 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Life Storage Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
properties. Life Storage serves customers in the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Life Storage Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Life Storage Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lincoln Electric Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Lincoln Electric Holdings 
Inc 
Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. designs and 
manufactures welding and cutting products. The 
company's products include arc welding power 
sources, wire feeding systems, robotic welding 
packages, fume extraction equipment, 
consumable electrodes, fluxes, and regulators and 
torches used in oxy-fuel welding and cutting. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lincoln Electric Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lincoln Electric Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lincoln Electric Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lincoln Electric Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lincoln National Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Lincoln National Corp 
Lincoln National Corporation is a financial services 
company headquartered in Radnor, PA, marketed 
as Lincoln Financial Group. The company offers 
diverse solutions including annuities, life, group 
life, disability and dental insurance, employer-
sponsored retirement plans, savings plans, and 
comprehensive financial planning and advisory 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lincoln National Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lincoln National Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lincoln National Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lincoln National Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Linde PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Linde PLC 
Linde Public Limited Company operates as an 
industrial gas and engineering company. The 
company offers products, technologies, and 
services that help customers improve their 
economic and environmental performance in a 
connected world. Linde serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Linde PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Linde PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Linde PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Linde PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lithia Motors Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Lithia Motors Inc 
Lithia Motors, Inc. retails, finances, and services 
new and used vehicles. The company also 
provides other related services and products, such 
as the sale of parts and accessories, extended 
service contracts, aftermarket automotive 
products, and collision repair services. Lithia 
Motors operates throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lithia Motors Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lithia Motors Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lithia Motors Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lithia Motors Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Littelfuse Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Littelfuse Inc 
Littelfuse, Inc. manufactures and sells fuses and 
other circuit protection devices for use in the 
automotive, electronic, and general industrial 
markets. The company also makes relays, 
switches, circuit breakers, and indicator lights. 
Littelfuse sells its products around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Littelfuse Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Littelfuse Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Littelfuse Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Littelfuse Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Live Nation Entertainment Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Live Nation 
Entertainment Inc 
Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. produces live 
concerts and sells tickets to those events over the 
Internet. The company also offers ticketing 
services for leading arenas, stadiums, professional 
sports franchises and leagues, college sports 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Live Nation Entertainment Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 242 ---
242 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Live Nation Entertainment Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
teams, performing arts venues, museums and 
theaters. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Live Nation Entertainment Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Live Nation Entertainment Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short LivePerson Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
LivePerson Inc 
LivePerson, Inc. provides technology that 
facilitates real-time sales and customer service for 
companies doing business on the Internet. The 
company offers an application services including 
real-time interaction technology as an outsourced 
services. LivePerson enablers its clients to 
communicate directly with Internet users via text-
based chat. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short LivePerson Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short LivePerson Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long LivePerson Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long LivePerson Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short LiveRamp Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
LiveRamp Holdings Inc 
LiveRamp Holdings, Inc. operates as a marketing 
technology company. The company provides data 
foundation, digital transformation, consumer 
engagement, online marketing, and analysis 
services. LiveRamp Holdings serves clients 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short LiveRamp Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short LiveRamp Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long LiveRamp Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long LiveRamp Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short LiveVox Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
LiveVox Holdings Inc 
LiveVox Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides omni-channel, CRM, AI, and workforce 
optimization solutions. LiveVox Holdings serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short LiveVox Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short LiveVox Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long LiveVox Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long LiveVox Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short LKQ Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
LKQ Corp 
LKQ Corporation offers automotive products and 
services. The company provides alternative 
collision replacement parts, recycled engines, and 
transmissions, as well as remanufactured engines. 
LKQ offers customers in North America, Central 
America, and Europe. LKQ offers replacement 
systems, components, and parts for the repair of 
automobiles and light, medium, and heavy-duty 
trucks. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short LKQ Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short LKQ Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long LKQ Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long LKQ Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lloyds Banking Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Lloyds Banking Group PLC 
Lloyds Banking Group plc, through subsidiaries 
and associated companies, offers a range of 
banking and financial services. The company 
provides retail banking, mortgages, pensions, 
asset management, insurance services, corporate 
banking, and treasury services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lloyds Banking Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lloyds Banking Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lloyds Banking Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lloyds Banking Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lockheed Martin Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Lockheed Martin Corp 
Lockheed Martin Corporation is a global security 
company that primarily researches, designs, 
develops, manufactures, and integrates advanced 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lockheed Martin Corp Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 243 ---
243 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lockheed Martin Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
technology products and services. The company 
businesses span space, telecommunications, 
electronics, information and services, aeronautics, 
energy, and systems integration. Lockheed Martin 
operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lockheed Martin Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lockheed Martin Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Loews Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Loews Corp 
Loews Corporation operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides commercial property and casualty 
insurance services, transportation and storage of 
natural gas and natural gas liquids, and the 
operates of a chain of hotels. Loews serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Loews Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Loews Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Loews Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Loews Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Logitech International SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Logitech International SA 
Logitech International S.A. manufactures personal 
computer input devices.  The company produces 
computer mice which help the user move the 
cursor around the computer screen quickly, 
trackballs, game controllers, keyboards, PC video 
cameras, and multimedia speakers.  The Company 
sells its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Logitech International SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Logitech International SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Logitech International SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Logitech International SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short London Stock Exchange Group PL 
Index 
-1 
Short 
London Stock Exchange 
Group PL 
London Stock Exchange Group plc is the United 
Kingdom's primary stock exchange. The LSE 
provides markets that facilitate the raising of 
capital and the trading of corporate securities, 
access to a trading environment, as well as real-
time pricing and reference information services 
worldwide. Market coverage includes equities, 
derivatives and fixed-interest securities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short London Stock Exchange Group PL 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short London Stock Exchange Group PL 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long London Stock Exchange Group PL 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long London Stock Exchange Group PL 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short LondonMetric Property PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
LondonMetric Property 
PLC 
LondonMetric Property PLC is a UK REIT investing 
across the UK in retail and convenience retail and 
long income properties. The company was 
established on 28 January 2013 as a result of the 
merger between London & Stamford Property Plc 
(LSP) and Metric Property Investments plc (METP). 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short LondonMetric Property PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short LondonMetric Property PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long LondonMetric Property PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long LondonMetric Property PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lonza Group AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Lonza Group AG 
Lonza Group AG produces organic fine chemicals, 
biocides, active ingredients, and biotechnology 
products.  The company offers custom chemical 
manufacturing and fermentation processing and 
manufactures its products for the life sciences, 
pharmaceuticals, food processing, and agricultural 
products industries.  Lonza operates production 
sites in Europe, the United States, and China. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lonza Group AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lonza Group AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lonza Group AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lonza Group AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short L'Oreal SA Index 
-1 
Short 
L'Oreal SA

--- Page 244 ---
244 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short L'Oreal SA Index 
-2 
Short 
L'Oreal manufactures cosmetics. The company 
offers mascara, lip gloss, foundation, eyeshadow, 
primer, nail polish, lipstick, face powder, blusher, 
and concealer, as well as skin, hair, and body care 
products . L'Oreal serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short L'Oreal SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long L'Oreal SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long L'Oreal SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Louisiana-Pacific Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Louisiana-Pacific Corp 
Louisiana-Pacific Corporation manufactures 
building materials and engineered wood products 
in the United States, Canada, Chile, and Brazil. The 
company's products are used by homebuilders 
and light commercial builders. Louisiana Pacific 
products include oriented strand board sheathing, 
flooring, radiant barrier panels, siding and trim, i-
joists, and laminated veneer lumber. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Louisiana-Pacific Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Louisiana-Pacific Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Louisiana-Pacific Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Louisiana-Pacific Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lowe's Cos Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Lowe's Cos Inc 
Lowe's Companies, Inc. is a home improvement 
retailer that distributes building materials and 
supplies through stores in the United States. The 
company offers a complete line of products and 
services for home decorating, maintenance, 
repair, remodeling, and property maintenance. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lowe's Cos Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lowe's Cos Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lowe's Cos Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lowe's Cos Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Loyalty Ventures Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Loyalty Ventures Inc 
Loyalty Ventures Inc. tech-enabled, data-driven 
consumer loyalty solutions. The company serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Loyalty Ventures Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Loyalty Ventures Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Loyalty Ventures Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Loyalty Ventures Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short LPL Financial Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
LPL Financial Holdings Inc 
LPL Financial Holdings, Inc. offers technology, 
brokerage, and investment advisory services 
through business relationships with all types of 
financial advisors. The company, through 
proprietary technology, custody, and clearing 
platforms, offers access to financial products and 
services that enable them to provide financial 
advice and brokerage services to retail investors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short LPL Financial Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short LPL Financial Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long LPL Financial Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long LPL Financial Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short LPP SA Index 
-1 
Short 
LPP SA 
LPP S.A. designs and distributes clothing in Central 
and Eastern Europe. The company designs and 
markets the product mix and branding, and 
develops distribution channels. LPP outsources 
the production to clothing manufacturers located 
in China. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short LPP SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short LPP SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long LPP SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long LPP SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lucid Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Lucid Group Inc 
Lucid Group Inc. operates as an automotive 
company. The company manufactures luxury 
electric cars, as well as provides energy storage 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lucid Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lucid Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 245 ---
245 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lucid Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
and original equipment solutions. Lucid Group 
serves customers in the United States and Canada. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lucid Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lululemon Athletica Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Lululemon Athletica Inc 
lululemon athletica inc. designs and retails athletic 
clothing products. The company produces fitness 
pants, shorts, tops and jackets for yoga, dance, 
running, and general fitness. lululemon serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lululemon Athletica Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lululemon Athletica Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lululemon Athletica Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lululemon Athletica Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lumen Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Lumen Technologies Inc 
Lumen Technologies, Inc. provides digital solutions 
for home and business premises. The company 
offers communications, network security, cloud 
solutions, voice, and managed services. Lumen 
Technologies serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lumen Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lumen Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lumen Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lumen Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lumentum Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Lumentum Holdings Inc 
Lumentum Holdings Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
supplies optical and photonic products. Lumentum 
Holdings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lumentum Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lumentum Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lumentum Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lumentum Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lundin Energy AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Lundin Energy AB 
Lundin Energy AB operates as an exploration and 
production company. The company discovers and 
develops oil and gas resources, with operations 
focused in Norway. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lundin Energy AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lundin Energy AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lundin Energy AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lundin Energy AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitt 
Index 
-1 
Short 
LVMH Moet Hennessy 
Louis Vuitt 
LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE is a 
diversified luxury goods group. The company 
produces and sells wine, cognac, perfumes, 
cosmetics, luggage, and watches and jewelry. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitt 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitt 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitt 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitt 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Lyft Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Lyft Inc 
Lyft, Inc. provides online ridesharing services. The 
company offers ride booking, payment processing, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Lyft Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 246 ---
246 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Lyft Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
and car transportation services. Lyft serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Lyft Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Lyft Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short LyondellBasell Industries NV 
Index 
-1 
Short 
LyondellBasell Industries 
NV 
LyondellBasell Industries N.V. manufactures 
plastic, chemical, and fuel products. The company 
offers products for the manufacturing of personal 
care products, fresh food packaging, lightweight 
plastics, construction materials, automotive 
components, durable textiles, medical 
applications, and biofuels. LyondellBasell 
Industries markets its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short LyondellBasell Industries NV 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short LyondellBasell Industries NV 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long LyondellBasell Industries NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long LyondellBasell Industries NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short M&G PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
M&G PLC 
M&G PLC provides financial planning and 
investment advisory services. The company offers 
pension funds, asset management, and financial 
advisory services to individuals, institutional 
clients, and professional investors. M&G serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short M&G PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short M&G PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long M&G PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long M&G PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short M&T Bank Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
M&T Bank Corp 
M&T Bank Corporation is a bank holding company. 
The company, through its banking subsidiaries, 
offer a variety of commercial banking, trust, and 
investment services to their customers. M&T Bank 
operates branch offices in New York, Maryland, 
Pennsylvania, Delaware, New Jersey, Virginia, 
West Virginia, and the District of Columbia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short M&T Bank Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short M&T Bank Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long M&T Bank Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long M&T Bank Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MACOM Technology Solutions 
Hol Index 
-1 
Short 
MACOM Technology 
Solutions Hol 
MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc. 
provides analog semiconductor solutions. The 
company supplies semiconductors, active and 
passive components, and sub-assemblies for use 
in radio frequency, microwave, and millimeter 
wave applications. MACOM Technology Solutions 
serves customers throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MACOM Technology Solutions 
Hol Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MACOM Technology Solutions 
Hol Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MACOM Technology Solutions Hol 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MACOM Technology Solutions Hol 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Madison Square Garden Sports C 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Madison Square Garden 
Sports C 
Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. operates as 
a sports team. The company participates in live 
sporting events. Madison Square Garden Sports 
serves clients in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Madison Square Garden Sports C 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Madison Square Garden Sports C 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 247 ---
247 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Madison Square Garden Sports C 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Madison Square Garden Sports C 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Magnachip Semiconductor Corp 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Magnachip 
Semiconductor Corp 
Magnachip Semiconductor Corporation designs, 
develops, and manufactures electronic 
equipment. The company offers mixed-signal and 
digital multimedia semiconductors. Magnachip 
Semiconductor serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Magnachip Semiconductor Corp 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Magnachip Semiconductor Corp 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Magnachip Semiconductor Corp 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Magnachip Semiconductor Corp 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Man Group PLC/Jersey Index 
-1 
Short 
Man Group PLC/Jersey 
Man Group PLC operates as an investment 
management firm. The company focuses on 
delivering performance and client portfolio 
solutions for private markets sectors. Man Group 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Man Group PLC/Jersey Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Man Group PLC/Jersey Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Man Group PLC/Jersey Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Man Group PLC/Jersey Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mandiant Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Mandiant Inc 
Mandiant, Inc. provides malware protection 
systems and network threat prevention solutions. 
The company offers web, email, and file security, 
as well as malware analysis. Mandiant serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mandiant Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mandiant Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mandiant Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mandiant Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Manhattan Associates Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Manhattan Associates Inc 
Manhattan Associates, Inc. provides information 
technology solutions for distribution centers. The 
solutions are designed to enable the efficient 
movement of goods through the supply chain. The 
company offers solutions optimize the receipt, 
storage, and distribution of inventory, as well as 
manage equipment and personnel within a 
distribution center. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Manhattan Associates Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Manhattan Associates Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Manhattan Associates Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Manhattan Associates Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ManpowerGroup Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ManpowerGroup Inc 
ManpowerGroup Inc. provides non-governmental 
employment services through offices located 
around the world. The company's principal 
operations include temporary staffing services, 
contract services, and training and testing of 
temporary, and permanent workers. Manpower 
provides employment services to a wide variety of 
customers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ManpowerGroup Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ManpowerGroup Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ManpowerGroup Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ManpowerGroup Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 248 ---
248 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Marathon Digital Holdings Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Marathon Digital 
Holdings Inc 
Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. operates as a 
digital asset technology company. The company 
mines cryptocurrencies, with a focuses on the 
blockchain ecosystem and the generation of 
digital assets. Marathon Digital Holdings serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Marathon Digital Holdings Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Marathon Digital Holdings Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Marathon Digital Holdings Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Marathon Digital Holdings Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Marathon Oil Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Marathon Oil Corp 
Marathon Oil Corporation is an independent 
international energy company. The company 
engages in exploration and production of 
petroleum and natural gas. Marathon Oil serves 
customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Marathon Oil Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Marathon Oil Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Marathon Oil Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Marathon Oil Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Marathon Petroleum Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Marathon Petroleum 
Corp 
Marathon Petroleum Corporation operates as a 
crude oil refining company. The company refines, 
supplies, markets, and transports petroleum 
products. Marathon Petroleum serves customers 
in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Marathon Petroleum Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Marathon Petroleum Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Marathon Petroleum Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Marathon Petroleum Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Maravai LifeSciences Holdings 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Maravai LifeSciences 
Holdings 
Maravai LifeSciences Holdings, Inc. operates as a 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, focuses on providing critical products 
to enable the development of drug therapies, 
diagnostics, novel vaccines and support research 
on human diseases. Maravai LifeSciences Holdings 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Maravai LifeSciences Holdings 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Maravai LifeSciences Holdings 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Maravai LifeSciences Holdings 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Maravai LifeSciences Holdings 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Markel Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Markel Corp 
Markel Corporation markets and underwrites 
specialty insurance products and programs to a 
variety of niche markets. The company also 
underwrites a diverse property, casualty, marine, 
and aviation insurance and reinsurance business 
on a worldwide basis. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Markel Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Markel Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Markel Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Markel Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MarketAxess Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short MarketAxess Holdings Inc

--- Page 249 ---
249 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MarketAxess Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
MarketAxess Holdings, Inc. operates an electronic, 
multi-dealer to client platform for U.S. and 
European high-grade corporate and emerging 
markets bond trading. The company develops 
technology delivers price discovery and trade 
execution services to institutional and broker-
dealer clients. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MarketAxess Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MarketAxess Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MarketAxess Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Marks & Spencer Group PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Marks & Spencer Group 
PLC 
Marks & Spencer Group Plc is a holding company. 
The company, through its subsidiaries, provides 
retail of clothing, food, and home products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Marks & Spencer Group PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Marks & Spencer Group PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Marks & Spencer Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Marks & Spencer Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Marks & Spencer Group PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Marks & Spencer Group 
PLC 
Marks & Spencer Group Plc is a holding company. 
The company, through its subsidiaries, provides 
retail of clothing, food, and home products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Marks & Spencer Group PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Marks & Spencer Group PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Marks & Spencer Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Marks & Spencer Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Marqeta Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Marqeta Inc 
Marqeta, Inc. develops and publishes a commerce 
payments platform. The company offers an online-
to-offline multi-merchant prepaid debit card 
solution that enables merchants to capture 
greater customer loyalty. Marqeta markets its 
products and services worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Marqeta Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Marqeta Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Marqeta Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Marqeta Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Marriott International Inc/MD 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Marriott International 
Inc/MD 
Marriott International Inc. of Maryland is a 
worldwide operator and franchisor of hotels. The 
company franchises lodging facilities and vacation 
timesharing resorts under various brand names. 
Marriott also provides services to home and 
condominium owner associations for projects 
associated with several of its brands. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Marriott International Inc/MD 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Marriott International Inc/MD 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Marriott International Inc/MD 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Marriott International Inc/MD 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Marriott Vacations Worldwide C 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Marriott Vacations 
Worldwide C 
Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation 
operates hotels. The company offers vacation

--- Page 250 ---
250 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Marriott Vacations Worldwide C 
Index 
-2 
Short 
ownership, exchange, rental and resort, and 
property management, as well as membership 
programs, management of other resorts, and 
lodging properties. Marriott Vacations Worldwide 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Marriott Vacations Worldwide C 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Marriott Vacations Worldwide C 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Marriott Vacations Worldwide C 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Marsh & McLennan Cos 
Inc 
Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. is a 
professional services firm providing advice and 
solutions in the areas of risk, strategy, and human 
capital. Marsh & McLennan offers analysis, advice, 
and transactional capabilities to clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Marsh & McLennan Cos Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Martin Marietta Materials Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Martin Marietta 
Materials Inc 
Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. produces 
aggregates for the construction industry, including 
highways, infrastructure, commercial, and 
residential. The company also manufactures and 
markets magnesia-based products, including heat-
resistant refractory products for the steel industry, 
chemical products for industrial and 
environmental uses, and dolomitic lime. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Martin Marietta Materials Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Martin Marietta Materials Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Martin Marietta Materials Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Martin Marietta Materials Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Marvell Technology Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Marvell Technology Inc 
Marvell Technology, Inc. develops and produces 
semiconductors and related technology. The 
company offers security and networking platform, 
secure data processing, networking, and storage 
solutions. Marvell Technology serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Marvell Technology Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Marvell Technology Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Marvell Technology Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Marvell Technology Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Masco Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Masco Corp 
Masco Corporation manufactures and sells home 
improvement and building products. The 
company's products include faucets, kitchen and 
bath cabinets, architectural coatings, and builders 
hardware products. Masco sells its products 
through mass merchandisers, home centers, 
hardware stores, and other wholesale and retail 
outlets to consumers and contractors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Masco Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Masco Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Masco Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Masco Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Masimo Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Masimo Corp 
Masimo Corporation designs, develops, and 
licenses medical signal processing and sensor 
technology for the non-invasive monitoring of 
physiological parameters. The company's products 
are designed to improve the effectiveness of pulse 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Masimo Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Masimo Corp Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 251 ---
251 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Masimo Corp Index 
2 
Long 
oximetry by overcoming the inability of current 
monitors to precisely measure the levels of 
arterial blood oxygen saturation and low arterial 
blood flow. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Masimo Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MasTec Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
MasTec Inc 
MasTec, Inc. is a specialty contractor operating 
across a range of industries. The company 
activities are the building, installation, 
maintenance, and upgrade of utility and 
communications infrastructure, including 
electrical utility transmission and distribution, 
wind farms, solar farms, renewable energy and 
natural gas infrastructure, wireless, and wireline. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MasTec Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MasTec Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MasTec Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MasTec Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mastercard Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Mastercard Inc 
Mastercard Incorporated provides financial 
transaction processing services. The company 
offers payment processing services for credit and 
debit cards, electronic cash, automated teller 
machines, and travelers checks. Mastercard serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mastercard Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mastercard Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mastercard Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mastercard Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Match Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Match Group Inc 
Match Group, Inc. provides internet media and 
services. The company offers online dating 
activities. Match Group serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Match Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Match Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Match Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Match Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Materialise NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Materialise NV 
Materialise NV operates as a rapid prototype 
designer and manufacturer. The company focuses 
on 3D imaging software combined with plastic 
molding to develop products for industrial, 
medical, and dental industries. Materialise offers 
design software and prototype solutions to 
businesses around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Materialise NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Materialise NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Materialise NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Materialise NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mattel Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Mattel Inc 
Mattel, Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets a 
broad variety of children's toy products on a 
worldwide basis. The company sells its products to 
retailers and directly to consumers. Mattel's 
products include branded fashion dolls, infant and 
preschool products, toy cars, and electrical 
vehicles. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mattel Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mattel Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mattel Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mattel Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Maximus Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Maximus Inc 
MAXIMUS, Inc. provides program management 
and consulting services to state and local 
governments throughout the United States. The 
company's services are designed to make 
government operations more efficient and cost 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Maximus Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Maximus Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Maximus Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 252 ---
252 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Maximus Inc Index 
3 
Long 
effective while improving the quality of the 
services provided to program beneficiaries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MaxLinear Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
MaxLinear Inc 
MaxLinear, Inc. provides integrated, radio-
frequency analog, and mixed-signal 
semiconductor solutions for broadband 
communications applications. The company offers 
products that enable the display of broadband 
video in a wide range of electronic devices, 
including cable and terrestrial set top boxes, 
digital televisions, mobile handsets, personal 
computers, and netbooks. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MaxLinear Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MaxLinear Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MaxLinear Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MaxLinear Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short McAfee Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
McAfee Corp 
McAfee Corp. provides cyber security services. 
The company offers antivirus, cloud, and endpoint 
security solutions which protects consumers, 
enterprises, and governments from cyberattacks. 
McAfee serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short McAfee Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short McAfee Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long McAfee Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long McAfee Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short McCormick & Co Inc/MD Index 
-1 
Short 
McCormick & Co Inc/MD 
McCormick & Company, Incorporated of Maryland 
manufactures, markets, and distributes flavor 
products including spices, herbs, extracts, 
seasonings, and flavorings and other specialty 
food products to the food industry. The company 
sells to retail stores, food manufacturers, and food 
service businesses. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short McCormick & Co Inc/MD Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short McCormick & Co Inc/MD Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long McCormick & Co Inc/MD Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long McCormick & Co Inc/MD Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short McDonald's Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
McDonald's Corp 
McDonald's Corporation franchises and operates 
fast-food restaurants in the global restaurant 
industry. The company's restaurants serves a 
variety of value-priced menu products in countries 
around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short McDonald's Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short McDonald's Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long McDonald's Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long McDonald's Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short McKesson Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
McKesson Corp 
McKesson Corporation distributes 
pharmaceuticals, medical-surgical supplies, and 
health and beauty care products throughout 
North America. The company also develops, 
implements, and supports software that facilitates 
the integration of data throughout the health 
enterprise. In addition, McKesson offers analytic, 
care management, and patient solutions for 
payers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short McKesson Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short McKesson Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long McKesson Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long McKesson Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MDU Resources Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
MDU Resources Group 
Inc 
MDU Resources Group, Inc. provides various 
commercial services. The company offers 
distribution of electricity, natural gas, and 
construction materials, as well as construction 
services. MDU Resources Group serves customers 
in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MDU Resources Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MDU Resources Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MDU Resources Group Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 253 ---
253 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MDU Resources Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Medical Properties Trust Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Medical Properties Trust 
Inc 
Medical Properties Trust Inc. is a self-advised real 
estate investment trust formed to acquire and 
develop net-leased healthcare facilities. These 
facilities include inpatient rehabilitation hospitals, 
long-term acute care hospitals, regional acute care 
hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, and other 
single-discipline healthcare facilities such as heart 
hospitals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Medical Properties Trust Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Medical Properties Trust Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Medical Properties Trust Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Medical Properties Trust Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mediobanca Banca di Credito Fi 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Mediobanca Banca di 
Credito Fi 
Mediobanca S.p.A. operates as a European 
investment banking boutique. The Mediobanca 
Group offers services in financial advice, consumer 
credit, and wealth management through 
CheBanca SpA, Mediobanca Private Banking and 
Compagnie Monegasque de Banque. Mediobanca 
SpA serves clients in Italy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mediobanca Banca di Credito Fi 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mediobanca Banca di Credito Fi 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mediobanca Banca di Credito Fi 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mediobanca Banca di Credito Fi 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Medtronic PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Medtronic PLC 
Medtronic, PLC develops therapeutic and 
diagnostic medical products. The company's 
principal products include those for bradycardia 
pacing, tachyarrhythmia management, atrial 
fibrillation management, heart failure 
management, heart valve replacement, malignant 
and non-malignant pain, and movement disorders. 
Medtronic's products are sold worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Medtronic PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Medtronic PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Medtronic PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Medtronic PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Meggitt PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Meggitt PLC 
Meggitt PLC operates an engineering group, which 
specializes in aerospace, defense and electronics 
products. The company manufactures aircraft 
instruments and valves, water injection systems, 
compact heat exchangers, smoke detection 
systems and defense systems, including aerial 
target systems and surveillance drones. Meggitt 
markets its products internationally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Meggitt PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Meggitt PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Meggitt PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Meggitt PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Melrose Industries PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Melrose Industries PLC 
Melrose Industries PLC operates as an investment 
company. The company acquires and holds 
securities of under performing businesses 
primarily in the manufacturing sector. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Melrose Industries PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Melrose Industries PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Melrose Industries PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Melrose Industries PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MercadoLibre Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
MercadoLibre Inc

--- Page 254 ---
254 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MercadoLibre Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
MercadoLibre Inc. operates an online trading site 
for the Latin American markets.  The company's 
website allows businesses and individuals to list 
items and conduct sales and purchases online in 
either a fixed-price or auction format.  
MercadoLibre offers classified advertisements for 
motor vehicles, vessels, aircraft, real estate and 
services, and offers online payment services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MercadoLibre Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MercadoLibre Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MercadoLibre Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mercedes-Benz Group AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Mercedes-Benz Group 
AG 
Mercedes-Benz Group AG operates as an 
automobile company. The company designs, 
manufactures, distributes, and sells a wide range 
of automotive products such as passenger cars, 
trucks, vans, and buses. Mercedes-Benz Group 
also provides financial and other services relating 
to its automotive businesses. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mercedes-Benz Group AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mercedes-Benz Group AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mercedes-Benz Group AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mercedes-Benz Group AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Merck & Co Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Merck & Co Inc 
Merck & Co., Inc. is a global health care company 
that delivers health solutions through its 
prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic 
therapies, animal health, and consumer care 
products, which it markets directly and through its 
joint ventures. The company has operations in 
pharmaceutical, animal health, and consumer 
care. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Merck & Co Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Merck & Co Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Merck & Co Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Merck & Co Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Merck KGaA Index 
-1 
Short 
Merck KGaA 
Merck KGaA is a global pharmaceutical and 
chemicals company. The company researches 
drugs in the areas oncology and 
neurodegenerative as well as autoimmune and 
inflammatory diseases. Also, it markets 
cardiovascular, fertility, endocrinology, and over-
the-counter products as well as products for flat 
screens and the pharmaceutical, food, cosmetics, 
packaging, and coatings. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Merck KGaA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Merck KGaA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Merck KGaA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Merck KGaA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mercury General Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Mercury General Corp 
Mercury General Corporation is a specialty writer 
of all risk classifications of automobile insurance. 
The company is an agency writer of private 
passenger automobile insurance in California. 
Mercury General operates primarily in California 
with operations in several other states. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mercury General Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mercury General Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mercury General Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mercury General Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mercury Systems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Mercury Systems Inc 
Mercury Systems, Inc. provides commercially-
developed sensor processing subsystems. The 
Company supports a wide variety of critical 
defense and intelligence programs. Mercury 
Systems serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mercury Systems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mercury Systems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mercury Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mercury Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Merlin Properties Socimi SA Index 
-1 
Short

--- Page 255 ---
255 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Merlin Properties Socimi SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Merlin Properties Socimi 
SA 
Merlin Properties Socimi, S.A. is a real estate 
investment trust. The company acquires, actively 
manages, operates, and invests in commercial real 
estate. Merlin Properties focuses on the office 
market, logistics, retail, and urban hotels in Spain 
and Portugal. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Merlin Properties Socimi SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Merlin Properties Socimi SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Merlin Properties Socimi SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Meta Materials Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Meta Materials Inc 
Meta Materials Inc operates as a materials and 
photonics company. The company provides using 
applied physics and advanced design to pioneer a 
new class of multifunctional and called meta 
materials. Meta Materials serves customers in the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Meta Materials Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Meta Materials Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Meta Materials Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Meta Materials Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Meta Platforms Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Meta Platforms Inc 
Meta Platforms, Inc. operates as a social 
technology company. The company builds 
applications and technologies that help people 
connect, find communities, and grow businesses. 
Meta Platform is also involved in advertisements, 
augmented, and virtual reality. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Meta Platforms Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Meta Platforms Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Meta Platforms Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Meta Platforms Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Methode Electronics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Methode Electronics Inc 
Methode Electronics, Inc. manufactures 
component devices worldwide. The company's 
products are sold to original equipment 
manufacturers of information processing and 
networking equipment, voice and data 
communications systems, consumer electronics, 
automobiles, aerospace vehicles, and industrial 
equipment. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Methode Electronics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Methode Electronics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Methode Electronics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Methode Electronics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MetLife Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
MetLife Inc 
MetLife, Inc. provides individual insurance, 
employee benefits, and financial services with 
operations throughout the United States and the 
regions of Latin America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. 
The company's products include life insurance, 
annuities, automobile and homeowners 
insurance, retail banking, and other financial 
services to individuals, as well as group insurance. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MetLife Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MetLife Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MetLife Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MetLife Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Metso Outotec Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Metso Outotec Oyj 
Metso Outotec Oyj provides industrial machinery. 
The company offers  equipments for mining, 
aggregates, recycling, and process industries. 
Metso Outotec serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Metso Outotec Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Metso Outotec Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Metso Outotec Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Metso Outotec Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mettler-Toledo International I 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Mettler-Toledo 
International I 
Mettler-Toledo International Inc. manufactures 
and markets weighing instruments for use in 
laboratory, industrial, and food retailing 
applications. The company also supplies several 
related analytical and measurement technologies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mettler-Toledo International I 
Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 256 ---
256 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mettler-Toledo International I 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Mettler-Toledo provides its services to customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mettler-Toledo International I 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mettler-Toledo International I 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MGIC Investment Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
MGIC Investment Corp 
MGIC Investment Corporation provides private 
mortgage insurance services. The company offers 
mortgage insurance to thrifts, mortgage bankers 
and brokers, commercial banks, credit unions, and 
other lending institutions. MGIC Investment 
serves customers in the United States and Puerto 
Rico. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MGIC Investment Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MGIC Investment Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MGIC Investment Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MGIC Investment Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MGM Resorts International Index 
-1 
Short 
MGM Resorts 
International 
MGM Resorts International operates gaming, 
hospitality, and entertainment resorts. The 
company offers accommodation, dining, meeting, 
convention and hospitality management services 
for casino and non-casino properties around the 
world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MGM Resorts International Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MGM Resorts International Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MGM Resorts International Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MGM Resorts International Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Microchip Technology Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Microchip Technology Inc 
Microchip Technology Incorporated designs, 
manufactures, and markets microcontrollers, 
related mixed-signal and memory products, and 
application development systems for high-volume 
embedded control applications. The company also 
designs, develops, and markets linear and mixed-
signal, power management, and thermal 
management products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Microchip Technology Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Microchip Technology Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Microchip Technology Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Microchip Technology Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Micron Technology Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Micron Technology Inc 
Micron Technology, Inc., through its subsidiaries, 
manufactures and markets dynamic random 
access memory chips (DRAMs), static random 
access memory chips (SRAMs), flash memory, 
semiconductor components, and memory 
modules. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Micron Technology Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Micron Technology Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Micron Technology Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Micron Technology Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Microsoft Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Microsoft Corp 
Microsoft Corporation develops, manufactures, 
licenses, sells, and supports software products. 
The company offers operating system software, 
server application software, business and 
consumer applications software, software 
development tools, and Internet and intranet 
software. Microsoft also develops video game 
consoles and digital music entertainment devices. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Microsoft Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Microsoft Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Microsoft Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Microsoft Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MicroStrategy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
MicroStrategy Inc 
MicroStrategy Incorporated provides business 
intelligence software and related services. The 
company provides a platform that enables 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MicroStrategy Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 257 ---
257 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MicroStrategy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
departments and enterprises to deploy web-based 
reporting and analysis solutions. MicroStrategy 
also offers consulting, training, and support 
services. MicroStrategy serves retail, finance, 
telecommunications, insurance, and healthcare 
sectors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MicroStrategy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MicroStrategy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MicroVision Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
MicroVision Inc 
Microvision, Inc. develops miniature display and 
imaging engines based on an integrated photonics 
module (IPM) in the United States and 
internationally. The company's IPM's utilize two 
dimensional micro-electrical mechanical system 
(MEMS) light scanning technologies, lasers, optics, 
and electronics to create video or still images from 
a small form factor. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MicroVision Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MicroVision Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MicroVision Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MicroVision Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mid-America Apartment 
Communit Index 
-1 
Short 
Mid-America Apartment 
Communit 
Mid-America Apartment Communities, Inc. is a 
self-administered and self-managed real estate 
investment trust which owns, develops, acquires, 
and operates multi family apartment communities 
in the southeast and midwest United States and 
Texas. In addition, the company conducts third 
party property management, development, and 
construction activities through its service 
corporation. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mid-America Apartment 
Communit Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mid-America Apartment 
Communit Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mid-America Apartment 
Communit Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mid-America Apartment 
Communit Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Middleby Corp/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Middleby Corp/The 
The Middleby Corporation designs, manufactures, 
markets, and services a broad line of equipment 
for use in cooking and preparing food. The 
company products are used in commercial and 
institutional kitchens and restaurants. Middleby 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Middleby Corp/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Middleby Corp/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Middleby Corp/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Middleby Corp/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Millicom International Cellula 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Millicom International 
Cellula 
Millicom International Cellular S.A. is a dedicated 
emerging markets telecom provider with mobile 
operations in numerous countries in Central 
America, South America and Africa.  The company 
also offers various combinations of fixed 
broadband and cable TV services in multiple 
countries in Central America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Millicom International Cellula 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Millicom International Cellula 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Millicom International Cellula 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Millicom International Cellula 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mimecast Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Mimecast Ltd 
Mimecast Limited provides cloud security and risk 
management services for corporate information 
and email. The company offers email management 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mimecast Ltd Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 258 ---
258 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mimecast Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
services that protect the organization against 
spam, viruses, malware, emerging threats, and 
other challenges. Mimecast serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mimecast Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mimecast Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MIPS AB Index 
-1 
Short 
MIPS AB 
MIPS AB manufactures and sells sports helmets. 
The company offers a brain protection system for 
helmet market, as well as provides winter sports, 
cycling, horse riding, and motor racing helmets. 
MIPS serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MIPS AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MIPS AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MIPS AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MIPS AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mirati Therapeutics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Mirati Therapeutics Inc 
Mirati Therapeutics, Inc. is a targeted oncology 
company developing a pipeline of therapeutics for 
precisely defined patient populations. The Mirati 
team is using a blueprint proven by their prior 
work for developing potential breakthrough 
therapies with accelerated development paths. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mirati Therapeutics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mirati Therapeutics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mirati Therapeutics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mirati Therapeutics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mister Car Wash Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Mister Car Wash Inc 
Mister Car Wash, Inc. operates as a car wash 
company. The company offers car exterior and 
interior cleaning services. Mister Car Wash serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mister Car Wash Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mister Car Wash Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mister Car Wash Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mister Car Wash Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mitek Systems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Mitek Systems Inc 
Mitek Systems, Inc. is involved in character 
recognition technology, products, and services for 
the document imaging markets. The company's 
document imaging software engine and intelligent 
character recognition products and services are 
used in mission-critical and high volume data 
entry, data capture, and forms processing 
applications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mitek Systems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mitek Systems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mitek Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mitek Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MKS Instruments Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
MKS Instruments Inc 
MKS Instruments, Inc. develops, manufactures, 
and supplies instruments and components used to 
control and analyze gases in semiconductor and 
similar industrial manufacturing processes. The 
company offers products to manufacture flat 
panel displays, magnetic and optical storage 
devices and media, solar cells, fiber optic cables, 
and diamond thin films. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MKS Instruments Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MKS Instruments Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MKS Instruments Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MKS Instruments Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Model N Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Model N Inc 
Model N, Inc. provides revenue management 
solutions. The company offers management 
platform that allows access to large organizations 
to manage their revenue life cycles across various 
product lines and divisions. Model N serves life 
science and technology industries worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Model N Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Model N Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Model N Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 259 ---
259 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Model N Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Moderna Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Moderna Inc 
Moderna, Inc. operates as a clinical stage 
biotechnology company. The company focuses on 
the discovery and development of messenger RNA 
therapeutics and vaccines. Moderna develops 
mRNA medicines for infectious, immuno-
oncology, and cardiovascular diseases. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Moderna Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Moderna Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Moderna Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Moderna Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mohawk Industries Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Mohawk Industries Inc 
Mohawk Industries, Inc. designs, manufactures, 
sources, distributes, and markets flooring for 
residential and commercial applications. The 
company offers carpet, ceramic tile, laminate, 
wood, stone, vinyl, and rugs. Mohawk markets 
residential and commercial flooring in the United 
States, and residential flooring in Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mohawk Industries Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mohawk Industries Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mohawk Industries Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mohawk Industries Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Molina Healthcare Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Molina Healthcare Inc 
Molina Healthcare, Inc. operates as a managed 
care organization. The company arranges for the 
delivery of health care services to persons eligible 
for healthcare programs for low-income families 
and individuals. Molina Healthcare offers health 
plans in California, Washington, Utah, and 
Michigan, as well as primary care clinics located in 
Northern and Southern California. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Molina Healthcare Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Molina Healthcare Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Molina Healthcare Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Molina Healthcare Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Molson Coors Beverage Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Molson Coors Beverage 
Co 
Molson Coors Beverage Company operates as a  
beverage company. The company brews and 
produces beer. Molson Coors Brewing serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Molson Coors Beverage Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Molson Coors Beverage Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Molson Coors Beverage Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Molson Coors Beverage Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Momentive Global Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Momentive Global Inc 
Momentive Global Inc develops survey software. 
The company offers a platform which enables 
organizations to collect and analyze feedback and 
insights that solves business problems, enhances 
customer experience and loyalty, improves 
employee productivity, retention, optimization, 
and marketing investments. Momentive Global 
serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Momentive Global Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Momentive Global Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Momentive Global Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Momentive Global Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Moncler SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Moncler SpA 
Moncler S.p.A. manufactures apparel products. 
The company provides sporting garments for 
mountaineering. Moncler serves customers 
internationally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Moncler SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Moncler SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Moncler SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Moncler SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mondelez International Inc Index 
-1 
Short

--- Page 260 ---
260 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mondelez International Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Mondelez International 
Inc 
Mondelez International Inc. is a food and 
beverage company. The company manufactures 
and markets packaged food products, including 
snacks, beverages, cheese, convenient meals and 
various packaged grocery products. Mondelez 
International sells its products throughout the 
world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mondelez International Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mondelez International Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mondelez International Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mondi PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Mondi PLC 
Mondi PLC manufactures and sells packaging and 
paper products. The company offers industrial and 
consumer packaging solutions such as sack and 
specialty craft paper, container board, barrier 
coatings, professional printing, and industrial 
bags. Mondi serves customers in the United 
Kingdom, South Africa, and Austria. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mondi PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mondi PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mondi PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mondi PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mondi PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Mondi PLC 
Mondi PLC manufactures and sells packaging and 
paper products. The company offers industrial and 
consumer packaging solutions such as sack and 
specialty craft paper, container board, barrier 
coatings, professional printing, and industrial 
bags. Mondi serves customers in the United 
Kingdom, South Africa, and Austria. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mondi PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mondi PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mondi PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mondi PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MongoDB Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
MongoDB Inc 
MongoDB, Inc. develops database software. The 
company provides an open-source database 
platform for automating, monitoring, and 
deployment backups. MongoDB also renders 
enterprise software integration, platform 
certification, and commercial licensing services. 
MongoDB serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MongoDB Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MongoDB Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MongoDB Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MongoDB Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Monolithic Power Systems Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Monolithic Power 
Systems Inc 
Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. designs and 
manufactures power management solutions. The 
company provides power conversion, LED lighting, 
load switches, cigarette lighter adapters, chargers, 
position sensors, analog input, and other electrical 
components. Monolithic Power Systems serves 
customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Monolithic Power Systems Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Monolithic Power Systems Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Monolithic Power Systems Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Monolithic Power Systems Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Monster Beverage Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Monster Beverage Corp 
Monster Beverage Corporation operates as a 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, markets and distributes energy 
drinks. Monster Beverage serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Monster Beverage Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Monster Beverage Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Monster Beverage Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Monster Beverage Corp Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 261 ---
261 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Moody's Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Moody's Corp 
Moody's Corporation is a credit rating, research, 
and risk analysis firm. The company provides 
credit ratings and related research, data and 
analytical tools, quantitative credit risk measures, 
risk scoring software, and credit portfolio 
management solutions and securities pricing 
software and valuation models. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Moody's Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Moody's Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Moody's Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Moody's Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Morgan Stanley Index 
-1 
Short 
Morgan Stanley 
Morgan Stanley, a bank holding company, 
provides diversified financial services on a 
worldwide basis. The company operates a global 
securities business which serves individual and 
institutional investors and investment banking 
clients. Morgan Stanley also operates a global 
asset management business. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Morgan Stanley Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Morgan Stanley Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Morgan Stanley Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Morgan Stanley Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Morningstar Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Morningstar Inc 
Morningstar, Inc. operates as an investment 
information and services company providing data, 
research, and analysis of mutual funds, stocks, and 
variable annuities. The company publishes a line 
of print, software, and Internet products for 
individual, financial advisors, and institutional 
investors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Morningstar Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Morningstar Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Morningstar Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Morningstar Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mosaic Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Mosaic Co/The 
The Mosaic Company produces and distributes 
crop nutrients to the agricultural communities. 
The company offers feed ingredients, crop 
nutrient, industrial products, concentrated 
phosphates, and potash. Mosaic serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mosaic Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mosaic Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mosaic Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mosaic Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Motorola Solutions Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Motorola Solutions Inc 
Motorola Solutions, Inc. is a data communications 
and telecommunications equipment provider. The 
company develops data capture, wireless, 
infrastructure, bar code scanning, two-way radios, 
and wireless broadband networks. Motorola also 
produces public safety and government products, 
voice and data communications products and 
systems, and wireless LAN securities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Motorola Solutions Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Motorola Solutions Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Motorola Solutions Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Motorola Solutions Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Mowi ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
Mowi ASA 
Mowi ASA operates as a seafood company. The 
company supplies sustainably farmed salmon and 
processed seafood to more than 70 markets 
worldwide. The company is present in all major 
salmon farming regions in the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Mowi ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Mowi ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Mowi ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Mowi ASA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MSA Safety Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
MSA Safety Inc 
MSA Safety Incorporated develops, manufactures, 
and supplies safety products that protect people 
and facility infrastructures. The company's core 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MSA Safety Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 262 ---
262 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MSA Safety Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
products include self-contained breathing 
apparatus, fixed gas and flame detection systems, 
portable gas detection instruments, head 
protection, and fall protection products. MSA 
Safety markets its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MSA Safety Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MSA Safety Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
MSC Industrial Direct Co 
Inc 
MSC Industrial Direct Co., Inc. is a direct marketer 
and supplier of a broad range of metalworking and 
maintenance and repair supplies. The company 
markets its products to industrial customers 
throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MSCI Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
MSCI Inc 
MSCI Inc. provides investment decision support 
tools to investment institutions worldwide. The 
company produces indices and risk and return 
portfolio analytics for use in managing investment 
portfolios. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MSCI Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MSCI Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MSCI Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MSCI Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short MTU Aero Engines AG Index 
-1 
Short 
MTU Aero Engines AG 
MTU Aero Engines AG develops and manufactures 
engines and offers commercial engine services 
and support.  The company sells to manufacturers 
and operators of engines and industrial gas 
turbines across the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short MTU Aero Engines AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short MTU Aero Engines AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long MTU Aero Engines AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long MTU Aero Engines AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Muenchener 
Rueckversicherungs- Index 
-1 
Short 
Muenchener 
Rueckversicherungs- 
Muenchener Rueckversicherungs-Gesellschaft AG 
(MunichRe) provides financial services. The 
company offers reinsurance, insurance, and asset 
management services. MunichRe has subsidiaries 
in most major financial centers throughout the 
world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Muenchener 
Rueckversicherungs- Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Muenchener 
Rueckversicherungs- Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Muenchener Rueckversicherungs- 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Muenchener Rueckversicherungs- 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short N-able Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
N-able Inc 
N-able, Inc. provides software solutions. The 
company offers monitoring, security, and business 
management solutions. N-able serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short N-able Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short N-able Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long N-able Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long N-able Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 263 ---
263 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Napco Security Technologies In 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Napco Security 
Technologies In 
Napco Security Technologies, Inc. manufactures 
electronic security devices, fire detection 
products, access control systems, and digital lock 
equipment used in residential, commercial, 
institutional, and industrial installations.  The 
company sells its products through a worldwide 
network of wholesale distributors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Napco Security Technologies In 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Napco Security Technologies In 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Napco Security Technologies In 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Napco Security Technologies In 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nasdaq Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Nasdaq Inc 
Nasdaq, Inc. operates as a stock exchange. The 
company provides trading, clearing, exchange 
technology, regulatory, securities listing, analysis, 
investing tools and guides, financial, and 
information services. Nasdaq offers its services 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nasdaq Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nasdaq Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nasdaq Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nasdaq Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Natera Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Natera Inc 
Natera, Inc. operates as a diagnostics company. 
The company provides preconception and 
prenatal genetic testing services. Natera also 
offers pre-implantation genetic diagnosis, 
aneuploidy screening, translocation, and single 
gene testing services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Natera Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Natera Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Natera Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Natera Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short National Fuel Gas Co Index 
-1 
Short 
National Fuel Gas Co 
National Fuel Gas Company is an integrated 
natural gas company with operations in all 
segments of the natural gas industry, including 
utility, pipeline and storage, exploration and 
production, and marketing operations. The 
company operates across the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short National Fuel Gas Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short National Fuel Gas Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long National Fuel Gas Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long National Fuel Gas Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short National Grid PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
National Grid PLC 
National Grid plc is an investor-owned utility 
company which is focused on the transmission 
and distribution of electricity and gas. The 
company owns and operates the electricity 
transmission network in England and Wales, the 
gas transmission network in Great Britain, and 
electricity transmission networks in the 
Northeastern United States and Scotland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short National Grid PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short National Grid PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long National Grid PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long National Grid PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short National Grid PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
National Grid PLC 
National Grid plc is an investor-owned utility 
company which is focused on the transmission 
and distribution of electricity and gas. The 
company owns and operates the electricity 
transmission network in England and Wales, the 
gas transmission network in Great Britain, and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short National Grid PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short National Grid PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long National Grid PLC Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 264 ---
264 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long National Grid PLC Index 
3 
Long 
electricity transmission networks in the 
Northeastern United States and Scotland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short National Instruments Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
National Instruments 
Corp 
National Instruments Corporation supplies 
computer-based instrumentation hardware and 
software products for engineers and scientists. 
The company provides flexible application 
software and modular hardware that users 
combine with computers, networks, and the 
internet to create computer-based measurement 
and automation systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short National Instruments Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short National Instruments Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long National Instruments Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long National Instruments Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short National Retail Properties Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
National Retail Properties 
Inc 
National Retail Properties Inc. is a real estate 
investment trust. The company acquires, 
develops, and manages retail properties. National 
Retail Properties serves customers in the State of 
Florida. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short National Retail Properties Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short National Retail Properties Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long National Retail Properties Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long National Retail Properties Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Naturgy Energy Group SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Naturgy Energy Group SA 
Naturgy Energy Group S.A. provides gas and 
electricity. The company has energy operations in 
natural gas procurement, liquefaction, storage, 
regasification, transportation, distribution, and 
marketing. Naturgy Energy Group serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Naturgy Energy Group SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Naturgy Energy Group SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Naturgy Energy Group SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Naturgy Energy Group SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NatWest Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
NatWest Group PLC 
NatWest Group plc operates as a banking and 
financial services company. The bank provides 
personal and business banking, consumer loans, 
asset and invoice finances, commercial and 
residential mortgages, credit cards, and financial 
planning services, as well as life, personal, and 
income protection insurance. NatWest Group 
serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NatWest Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NatWest Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NatWest Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NatWest Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short nCino Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
nCino Inc 
nCino, Inc. provides cloud banking solutions. The 
company offers solutions to improves employee 
efficiency while enhancing the customer 
experience for onboarding, loans, and deposits 
across all lines of business. nCino serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short nCino Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short nCino Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long nCino Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long nCino Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NCR Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
NCR Corp 
NCR Corporation manufactures financial 
transaction machines and other products. The 
company produces automated teller machines 
(ATM), self-checkout and self-service kiosks, point-
of-sale workstations and scanners, as well as 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NCR Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NCR Corp Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 265 ---
265 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NCR Corp Index 
2 
Long 
manufactures printer consumable products and 
manages networks and servers for ATMs and 
kiosks. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NCR Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nektar Therapeutics Index 
-1 
Short 
Nektar Therapeutics 
Nektar Therapeutics is a biopharmaceutical 
company. The company focuses on investigational 
drugs in oncology, immunology, and virology, as 
well as a portfolio of approved partnered 
medicines. Nektar Therapeutics operates in the 
United States and India. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nektar Therapeutics Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nektar Therapeutics Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nektar Therapeutics Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nektar Therapeutics Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nemetschek SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Nemetschek SE 
Nemetschek SE provides standard software for 
designing, constructing and managing buildings 
and real estate.  The company offers software 
which provides cost estimation, design, planning, 
account calculation, cost management, facilities 
management, document management and B2B e-
commerce capabilities. Nemetschek distributes its 
products around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nemetschek SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nemetschek SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nemetschek SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nemetschek SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Neste Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Neste Oyj 
Neste Oyj operates as an independent northern 
European oil refining and marketing company. The 
company focuses on traffic fuels and other value-
added petroleum products with reduced 
environmental impact. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Neste Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Neste Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Neste Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Neste Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nestle SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Nestle SA 
Nestle S.A. is a multinational packaged food 
company, that manufactures and markets a wide 
range of food products. The company's product 
line includes milk, chocolate, confectionery, 
bottled water, coffee, creamer, food seasoning 
and pet foods. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nestle SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nestle SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nestle SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nestle SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NetApp Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
NetApp Inc 
NetApp, Inc. provides storage and data 
management solutions. The company's storage 
solutions include specialized hardware, software, 
and services that provide storage management for 
open network environments. NetApp serves 
enterprises, government agencies, and 
universities worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NetApp Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NetApp Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NetApp Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NetApp Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Netcompany Group A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
Netcompany Group A/S 
Netcompany Group A/S provides information 
technology solutions and consulting services. The 
company offers a range of solutions, including 
portals, business applications, and integrated 
platform services. Netcompany Group serves 
customers in Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Netcompany Group A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Netcompany Group A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Netcompany Group A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Netcompany Group A/S Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 266 ---
266 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NetEase Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
NetEase Inc 
NetEase, Inc. operates as an leading internet 
technology company providing online services 
including content, community, communication, 
and commerce. The company develops and 
operates online games, electronic commerce, 
internet media, innovative business, and other 
businesses. NetEase expands its businesses to 
Japan, North American, and other other 
international markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NetEase Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NetEase Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NetEase Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NetEase Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Netflix Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Netflix Inc 
Netflix Inc. is an Internet subscription service for 
watching television shows and movies. 
Subscribers can instantly watch unlimited 
television shows and movies streamed over the 
Internet to their televisions, computers, and 
mobile devices and in the United States, 
subscribers can receive standard definition DVDs 
and Blu-ray Discs delivered to their homes. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Netflix Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Netflix Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Netflix Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Netflix Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NETGEAR Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
NETGEAR Inc 
NETGEAR, Inc. operates as a computer networking 
company. The company offers wifi routers, cable 
modems, extenders, USB adapters, switches, 
powerline, digital canvas, and other networking 
products. NETGEAR serves consumers, businesses, 
and service providers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NETGEAR Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NETGEAR Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NETGEAR Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NETGEAR Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NetScout Systems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
NetScout Systems Inc 
NetScout Systems, Inc. designs, develops, 
manufactures, markets, and supports a family of 
products that enable businesses and service 
providers to manage the performance of 
computer networks and business software 
applications. The company offers application flow 
management solution consists of data collection 
devices and analysis and presentation software. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NetScout Systems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NetScout Systems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NetScout Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NetScout Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Neurocrine Biosciences Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Neurocrine Biosciences 
Inc 
Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. is focused on the 
discovery and development of therapeutics for 
neuropsychiatric, neuroinflammatory, and 
neurodegenerative diseases and disorders. The 
company is developing therapeutic interventions 
for anxiety, depression, alzheimer's disease, 
insomnia, stroke, malignant brain tumors, multiple 
sclerosis, obesity, and diabetes. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Neurocrine Biosciences Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Neurocrine Biosciences Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Neurocrine Biosciences Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Neurocrine Biosciences Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short New Fortress Energy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
New Fortress Energy Inc 
New Fortress Energy Inc. operates as an 
integrated gas-to-power company. The company 
develops, finances, and constructs energy 
infrastructure assets. New Fortress Energy serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short New Fortress Energy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short New Fortress Energy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long New Fortress Energy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long New Fortress Energy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short New Relic Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
New Relic Inc

--- Page 267 ---
267 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short New Relic Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
New Relic, Inc. provides cloud based application 
performance management solutions for cloud and 
data center applications. The company offers a 
solution including real user, application, and 
availability monitoring features that enable 
developers and operations teams to manage web 
application performance in real-time. New Relic 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short New Relic Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long New Relic Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long New Relic Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short New Residential Investment Cor 
Index 
-1 
Short 
New Residential 
Investment Cor 
New Residential Investment Corp. is a public real 
estate investment trust focused on investing in 
the residential housing sector. The company’s 
investment portfolio includes mortgage servicing-
related assets, non-agency securities, residential 
loans and other related investments. In addition, 
New Residential owns a mortgage originator and 
servicer. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short New Residential Investment Cor 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short New Residential Investment Cor 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long New Residential Investment Cor 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long New Residential Investment Cor 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short New York Community Bancorp 
Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
New York Community 
Bancorp Inc 
New York Community Bancorp, Inc. is a multi-bank 
holding company. The company, through its 
banking subsidiaries, offers a full range of 
traditional and non-traditional products and 
services, and originates multi-family, commercial 
real estate, and construction loans, primarily in 
the New York metropolitan area. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short New York Community Bancorp 
Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short New York Community Bancorp 
Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long New York Community Bancorp Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long New York Community Bancorp Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short New York Times Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
New York Times Co/The 
The New York Times Company operates media 
businesses. The company publishes daily 
newspapers and operates Internet websites that 
distributes news and entertainment. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short New York Times Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short New York Times Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long New York Times Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long New York Times Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Newell Brands Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Newell Brands Inc 
Newell Brands, Inc. retails consumer products. The 
company offers housewares, home furnishings, 
office supplies, tools and hardware, and hair 
accessories. Newell Brands markets its products 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Newell Brands Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Newell Brands Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Newell Brands Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Newell Brands Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NewMarket Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
NewMarket Corp

--- Page 268 ---
268 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NewMarket Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
NewMarket Corporation develops, manufactures, 
and blends fuel and lubricant additives marketed 
worldwide to refiners and others who sell 
petroleum products. The company's products are 
used in transportation and industrial equipment. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NewMarket Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NewMarket Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NewMarket Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Newmont Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Newmont Corp 
Newmont Corporation acquires, explores, and 
develops mineral properties. The company 
produces and markets gold, copper, silver, zinc, 
and lead. Newmont serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Newmont Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Newmont Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Newmont Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Newmont Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short News Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
News Corp 
News Corporation is a media and information 
services company. The company's business is 
comprised of news and information, book 
publishing, digital real estate, and cable network 
programming services. News serves customers 
globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short News Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short News Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long News Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long News Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short News Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
News Corp 
News Corporation is a media and information 
services company. The company's business is 
comprised of news and information, book 
publishing, digital real estate, and cable network 
programming services. News serves customers 
globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short News Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short News Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long News Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long News Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nexi SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Nexi SpA 
Nexi Spa provides payment services. The company 
offers digital invoicing, credit card payment 
processing, online disbursement, and other 
related services. Nexi serves customers in Italy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nexi SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nexi SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nexi SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nexi SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nexstar Media Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Nexstar Media Group Inc 
Nexstar Media Group, Inc. operates as a television 
broadcasting company. The company focuses on 
the acquisition, development, and operation of 
television stations in medium using traditional 
media, e-media digital, and mobile media 
platforms. Nexstar Media Group offers its services 
in the central east part of the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nexstar Media Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nexstar Media Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nexstar Media Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nexstar Media Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Next PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Next PLC 
Next Plc conducts retailing, home shopping, and 
customer services management operations. The 
company's retail stores sells ladies, men, and 
children wears, as well as housewares. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Next PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Next PLC Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 269 ---
269 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Next PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Next PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NextEra Energy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
NextEra Energy Inc 
NextEra Energy, Inc. provides sustainable energy 
generation and distribution services. The company 
generates electricity through wind, solar, and 
natural gas. Through its subsidiaries, NextEra 
Energy also operates multiple commercial nuclear 
power units. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NextEra Energy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NextEra Energy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NextEra Energy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NextEra Energy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nibe Industrier AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Nibe Industrier AB 
NIBE Industrier AB is an international heating 
technology company.  The company is organized 
around three business areas, all united under a 
shared vision to create world-class solutions in 
sustainable energy.  NIBE produces and sells heat 
pumps, boiler and water heaters, electrical 
heating elements as well as freestanding 
fireplaces. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nibe Industrier AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nibe Industrier AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nibe Industrier AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nibe Industrier AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nielsen Holdings PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Nielsen Holdings PLC 
Nielsen Holdings PLC offers marketing services. 
The company provides demand analysis, product 
development, sales measurement, price and trade 
promotion strategies, and product launch services. 
Nielsen Holdings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nielsen Holdings PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nielsen Holdings PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nielsen Holdings PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nielsen Holdings PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NIKE Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
NIKE Inc 
NIKE, Inc. designs, develops, and markets athletic 
footwear, apparel, equipment, and accessory 
products for men, women, and children. The 
company sells its products worldwide to retail 
stores, through its own stores, subsidiaries, and 
distributors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NIKE Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NIKE Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NIKE Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NIKE Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NIO Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
NIO Inc 
NIO Inc. manufactures and sells automobiles. The 
company offers electric vehicles and parts, as well 
as provides battery charging services. NIO serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NIO Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NIO Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NIO Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NIO Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NiSource Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
NiSource Inc 
NiSource Inc. is an energy holding company. The 
company's subsidiaries provide natural gas, 
electricity, and other products and services to 
customers located within a corridor that runs from 
the Gulf Coast through the Midwest to New 
England. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NiSource Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NiSource Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NiSource Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NiSource Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 270 ---
270 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short nLight Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
nLight Inc 
nLight, Inc. designs and manufactures 
semiconductor laser products. The company 
produces fiber laser, direct diode systems, single-
emitter, and diode laser stacks, and fiber-coupled 
modules. nLight serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short nLight Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short nLight Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long nLight Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long nLight Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NN Group NV Index 
-1 
Short 
NN Group NV 
NN Group N.V. operates as an insurance and 
investment management company. The company 
offers life and non-life, group and individual, 
motor, transport, fire, liability, travel, and income 
insurance. NN Group serves customers in the 
Netherlands. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NN Group NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NN Group NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NN Group NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NN Group NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nokia Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Nokia Oyj 
Nokia Oyj is a global communications company. 
The company produces a broad range of 
technological devices and software, and operates 
networks, sales ,and communication channels 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nokia Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nokia Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nokia Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nokia Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nokian Renkaat Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Nokian Renkaat Oyj 
Nokian Renkaat Oyj develops, manufactures, and 
markets summer and winter tires for cars, 
bicycles, and heavy machineries. The company 
primarily operates in the tire replacement market. 
Nokian also owns retail outlets in Scandinavia and 
the Baltic states. The Company produces in 
Europe, the United States, and Asia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nokian Renkaat Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nokian Renkaat Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nokian Renkaat Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nokian Renkaat Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nordea Bank Abp Index 
-1 
Short 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Nordea Bank Abp provides banking, financial, and 
related advisory services. The company offers 
financing and deposit services, savings and asset 
management, insurance products, investment 
banking, securities trading, cash management, and 
mobile banking. Nordea Bank serves private 
individuals, companies, institutions, and the public 
sector. Nordea Bank operates in the Nordic 
region. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nordea Bank Abp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nordea Bank Abp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nordea Bank Abp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nordea Bank Abp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nordic Entertainment Group AB 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Nordic Entertainment 
Group AB 
Nordic Entertainment Group AB operates as a 
media and entertainment company. The company 
offers broadcasting and over-the-top media 
services. Nordic Entertainment Group publishes 
documentary, reality, drama, game shows, and 
other television programs. Nordic Entertainment 
Group serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nordic Entertainment Group AB 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nordic Entertainment Group AB 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nordic Entertainment Group AB 
Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 271 ---
271 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nordic Entertainment Group AB 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nordic Semiconductor ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
Nordic Semiconductor 
ASA 
Nordic Semiconductor ASA operates as a fabless 
semiconductor company. The company offers 
cellular IoT wireless technologies and connectivity 
devices. Nordic Semiconductor serves clients 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nordic Semiconductor ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nordic Semiconductor ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nordic Semiconductor ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nordic Semiconductor ASA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nordson Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Nordson Corp 
Nordson Corporation designs, manufactures, and 
markets systems that apply adhesives, sealants, 
and coatings to consumer and industrial products 
during manufacturing operations. The company's 
products include customized electronic controls 
for the precise application and curing of materials 
to meet customers' requirements. Nordson 
operates around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nordson Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nordson Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nordson Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nordson Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nordstrom Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Nordstrom Inc 
Nordstrom, Inc. is a fashion retailer of apparel, 
shoes, and accessories for men, women, and 
children. The company operates through multiple 
retail channels, discount stores, boutiques, 
catalogs, and on the Internet. Nordstrom also 
offers, through a subsidiary, private label card 
credit and debit cards. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nordstrom Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nordstrom Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nordstrom Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nordstrom Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Norfolk Southern Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Norfolk Southern Corp 
Norfolk Southern Corporation provides rail 
transportation services. The company transports 
raw materials, intermediate products, and finished 
goods primarily in the Southeast, East, and 
Midwest and, via interchange with rail carriers, to 
and from the rest of the United States. Norfolk 
Southern also transports overseas freight through 
several Atlantic and Gulf Coast ports 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Norfolk Southern Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Norfolk Southern Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Norfolk Southern Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Norfolk Southern Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Norsk Hydro ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
Norsk Hydro ASA 
Norsk Hydro ASA is a supplier of aluminum and 
aluminum products. The company provides 
automotive and transport products, building 
systems, casthouse products, extruded products, 
rolled products, and wire rod. Norsk Hydro 
conducts its business worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Norsk Hydro ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Norsk Hydro ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Norsk Hydro ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Norsk Hydro ASA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Northern Trust Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Northern Trust Corp 
Northern Trust Corporation is a financial holding 
company that provides investment management, 
asset and fund administration, fiduciary, and 
banking solutions for corporations, institutions, 
and affluent individuals. Northern Trust banking 
operations are its primary operations. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Northern Trust Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Northern Trust Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Northern Trust Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Northern Trust Corp Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 272 ---
272 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Northrop Grumman Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Northrop Grumman Corp 
Northrop Grumman Corporation is a global 
security company. The company provides systems, 
products, and solutions in aerospace, electronics, 
information systems, and technical services. 
Northrop Grumman serves government and 
commercial customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Northrop Grumman Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Northrop Grumman Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Northrop Grumman Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Northrop Grumman Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NortonLifeLock Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
NortonLifeLock Inc 
NortonLifeLock Inc. provides consumer cyber 
security solutions. The Co company mpany offers 
solutions which enables consumers to protect 
their devices, online privacy, identity, and home 
networks. NortonLifeLock serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NortonLifeLock Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NortonLifeLock Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NortonLifeLock Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NortonLifeLock Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Norwegian Cruise Line 
Holdings 
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. operates a 
fleet of passenger cruise ships. The company 
offers an array of cruise itineraries and theme 
cruises, as well as markets its services through 
various distribution channels including retail and 
travel agents, international and incentive sales, 
and consumer direct. Norwegian Cruise Line 
Holdings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NOV Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
NOV Inc 
NOV Inc offers equipment and components used 
in oil and gas drilling and production operations, 
oilfield services, and supply chain integration 
services to the upstream oil and gas industry. The 
company serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NOV Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NOV Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NOV Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NOV Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Novanta Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Novanta Inc 
Novanta, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, 
and sells precision photonics and motion control 
components and subsystems. The company offers 
its products to original equipment manufactures 
in the medical equipment and advanced industrial 
technology markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Novanta Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Novanta Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Novanta Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Novanta Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Novartis AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Novartis AG 
Novartis AG manufactures pharmaceutical and 
consumer healthcare products. The company uses 
innovative science and digital technologies to 
create transformative treatments in areas of great 
medical need. Novartis offers patent protected 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Novartis AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Novartis AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Novartis AG Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 273 ---
273 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Novartis AG Index 
3 
Long 
prescription medicine and generic 
pharmaceuticals and biosimilars. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Novavax Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Novavax Inc 
Novavax, Inc. is a clinical stage biotechnology 
company. The company creates novel vaccines to 
address a broad range of infectious diseases 
worldwide using proprietary virus-like particle 
(VLP) technology. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Novavax Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Novavax Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Novavax Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Novavax Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Novo Nordisk A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
Novo Nordisk A/S 
Novo Nordisk A/S develops, produces, and 
markets pharmaceutical products. The company 
focuses on diabetes care and offers insulin 
delivery systems and other diabetes products. 
Novo Nordisk also works in areas such as 
haemostatis management, growth disorders, and 
hormone replacement therapy. The company 
offers educational and training materials. Novo 
Nordisk markets worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Novo Nordisk A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Novo Nordisk A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Novo Nordisk A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Novo Nordisk A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Novocure Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Novocure Ltd 
Novocure Limited is an oncology company. The 
company researches and develops novel 
technologies for the treatment of cancer. 
Novocure serves the healthcare industry 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Novocure Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Novocure Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Novocure Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Novocure Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Novozymes A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
Novozymes A/S 
Novozymes A/S is a biotechnology based 
company. The company researches, develops, 
produces, and sells enzymes for industrial use. 
Novozymes works within three main segments: 
the technical enzyme market, the food enzyme 
market, and the animal feed enzyme market. The 
company has a worldwide distribution network, as 
well as operates sales and service centers online. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Novozymes A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Novozymes A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Novozymes A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Novozymes A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NRG Energy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
NRG Energy Inc 
NRG Energy, Inc. owns and operates a diverse 
portfolio of power-generating facilities primarily in 
the United States. The company offers energy 
production and cogeneration facilities, thermal 
energy production, and energy resource recovery 
facilities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NRG Energy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NRG Energy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NRG Energy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NRG Energy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nuance Communications Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Nuance Communications 
Inc 
Nuance Communications, Inc. provides 
conversational artificial intelligence solutions. The 
company offers solutions that understand, 
analyze, and respond to amplifying human 
intelligence to increase productivity and security. 
Nuance works with organizations globally across 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nuance Communications Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nuance Communications Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 274 ---
274 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nuance Communications Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
healthcare, financial services, 
telecommunications, government, and retail. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nuance Communications Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nucor Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Nucor Corp 
Nucor Corporation manufactures steel products. 
The Company's products include carbon and alloy 
steel, steel joints, steel deck, cold finished steel, 
steel grinding balls, steel bearing products, and 
metal building systems. Nucor also brokers ferrous 
and nonferrous metals, pig iron, HBI, and DRI, 
supplies ferro-alloys, processes ferrous, and 
nonferrous scrap. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nucor Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nucor Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nucor Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nucor Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Nutanix Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Nutanix Inc 
Nutanix, Inc. designs and develops enterprise 
cloud platforms. The company provides enterprise 
cloud platform solutions that converge traditional 
silos of server, virtualization, and storage into one 
integrated solution. Nutanix serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Nutanix Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Nutanix Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Nutanix Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Nutanix Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short nVent Electric PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
nVent Electric PLC 
nVent Electric plc operates as an electrical 
contractor. The company offers electronic 
packaging, concrete reinforcing steel connections, 
data center and networking solutions, and other 
electric products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short nVent Electric PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short nVent Electric PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long nVent Electric PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long nVent Electric PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NVIDIA Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
NVIDIA Corp 
NVIDIA Corporation designs, develops, and 
markets three dimensional (3D) graphics 
processors and related software. The company 
offers products that provides interactive 3D 
graphics to the mainstream personal computer 
market. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NVIDIA Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NVIDIA Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NVIDIA Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NVIDIA Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NVR Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
NVR Inc 
NVR, Inc. builds and markets homes and conducts 
mortgage banking activities. The company builds 
single-family detached homes, town homes, and 
condominium buildings under the Ryan Homes, 
NVHomes, and other trade names. NVR provides a 
number of mortgage related services to its 
homebuilding customers and to other customers 
through its mortgage banking operations. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NVR Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NVR Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NVR Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NVR Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short NXP Semiconductors NV Index 
-1 
Short 
NXP Semiconductors NV 
NXP Semiconductors NV operates as a global 
semiconductor company. The company designs 
semiconductors and software for mobile 
communications, consumer electronics, security 
applications, in-car entertainment, and 
networking.  NXP offers its products to the 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short NXP Semiconductors NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short NXP Semiconductors NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long NXP Semiconductors NV Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 275 ---
275 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long NXP Semiconductors NV Index 
3 
Long 
automotive, identification, wireless infrastructure, 
lighting, mobile, and computing applications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Oak Street Health Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Oak Street Health Inc 
Oak Street Health, Inc. provides health care 
services. The company offers technology-enabled 
integrated platform to deliver value-based care 
focused on patients with health insurance. Oak 
Street Health serves patients in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Oak Street Health Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Oak Street Health Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Oak Street Health Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Oak Street Health Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ocado Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Ocado Group PLC 
Ocado Group PLC distributes a wide range of retail 
consumer products.  The company provides home 
delivery of a wide range of products including 
food and drink, toiletries and baby, household, pet 
care, and holiday products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ocado Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ocado Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ocado Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ocado Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Occidental Petroleum Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Occidental Petroleum 
Corp 
Occidental Petroleum Corporation explores for, 
develops, produces, and markets crude oil and 
natural gas. The company also manufactures and 
markets a variety of basic chemicals, vinyls and 
performance chemicals. Occidental also gathers, 
treats, processes, transports, stores, trades and 
markets crude oil, natural gas, NGLs, condensate 
and carbon dioxide (CO2) and generates and 
markets power. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Occidental Petroleum Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Occidental Petroleum Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Occidental Petroleum Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Occidental Petroleum Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short OGE Energy Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
OGE Energy Corp 
OGE Energy Corp., through its principal subsidiary 
Oklahoma Gas and Electric Company, generates, 
transmits, and distributes electricity to wholesale 
and retail customers in communities in Oklahoma 
and western Arkansas. The company, through 
Enogex Inc., operates natural gas transmission and 
gathering pipelines, has interests in gas processing 
plants, and markets electricity. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short OGE Energy Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short OGE Energy Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long OGE Energy Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long OGE Energy Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Okta Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Okta Inc 
Okta, Inc. develops internet applications software. 
The company offers automated user 
management, integration, mobile identification, 
multifactor authentication, and reporting 
software. Okta serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Okta Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Okta Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Okta Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Okta Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Olaplex Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Olaplex Holdings Inc 
Olaplex Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
manufactures and retails hair care products such 
as shampoos, conditioners, oils, and smoothers. 
Olaplex Holdings serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Olaplex Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Olaplex Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Olaplex Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Olaplex Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 276 ---
276 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Old Dominion Freight Line Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Old Dominion Freight 
Line Inc 
Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc. is an inter-regional 
and multi-regional motor carrier. The company 
primarily transports less-than-truckload shipments 
of general commodities, such as consumer goods, 
textiles, and capital goods. Old Dominion Freight 
Line serves regional markets throughout the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Old Dominion Freight Line Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Old Dominion Freight Line Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Old Dominion Freight Line Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Old Dominion Freight Line Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Old Republic International Cor 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Old Republic 
International Cor 
Old Republic International Corporation is an 
insurance holding company whose subsidiaries 
market, underwrite, and provide risk management 
services. The company provides services for a 
variety of coverages in the property and liability, 
mortgage guaranty, title, and life and health 
insurance fields. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Old Republic International Cor 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Old Republic International Cor 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Old Republic International Cor 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Old Republic International Cor 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Olin Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Olin Corp 
Olin Corporation manufactures chemicals and 
ammunition products. The company manufactures 
and sells chlorine, caustic soda, sodium 
hydrosulfite, hydrochloric acid, hydrogen, sodium 
chlorate, bleach products, and potassium 
hydroxide. Olin also manufactures products that 
include sporting ammunition, reloading 
components, small caliber military ammunition 
and industrial cartridges. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Olin Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Olin Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Olin Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Olin Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holding 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Ollie's Bargain Outlet 
Holding 
Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings, Inc. operates a 
chain of retail stores that offers brand name 
products at discounted and closeout prices. The 
company provides products, including 
housewares, food, books and stationery, bed and 
bath, floor coverings, toys, and hardware. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holding 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holding 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holding 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holding 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Olo Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Olo Inc 
Olo Inc. provides software solutions. The company 
develops cloud-based, on-demand commerce 
platform for multi-location restaurant brands. Olo 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Olo Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Olo Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 277 ---
277 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Olo Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Olo Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Omega Healthcare Investors Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Omega Healthcare 
Investors Inc 
Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc. is a real estate 
investment trust (REIT). The company invests in 
and provides financing to the long-term care 
industry. Omega operates healthcare facilities in 
the United States which are operated by 
independent healthcare operating companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Omega Healthcare Investors Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Omega Healthcare Investors Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Omega Healthcare Investors Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Omega Healthcare Investors Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Omnicom Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Omnicom Group Inc 
Omnicom Group Inc. provides advertising, 
marketing, and corporate communications 
services. The company's agencies, which operate 
in major markets around the world, provide a 
comprehensive range of services including 
traditional media advertising; customer 
relationship management (CRM); public relations; 
and specialty communications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Omnicom Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Omnicom Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Omnicom Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Omnicom Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short OMV AG Index 
-1 
Short 
OMV AG 
OMV AG explores and refines crude oil and 
natural gas. The company sells refined products 
through gas stations and distributors. OMV also 
manufactures plastics such as polyolefins and 
technical plastics. OMV serves automotive, 
electrical, and construction industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short OMV AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short OMV AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long OMV AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long OMV AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ON Semiconductor Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
ON Semiconductor Corp 
ON Semiconductor Corporation supplies analog, 
standard logic, and discrete semiconductors for 
data and power management. The company offers 
products include integrated circuits and analog 
ICs. ON Semiconductor also offers discrete 
semiconductors in a variety of surface mount and 
standard packages. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ON Semiconductor Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ON Semiconductor Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ON Semiconductor Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ON Semiconductor Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ON24 Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ON24 Inc 
ON24, Inc. operates as a software company. The 
company offers cloud-based digital platform that 
enables businesses to convert customer 
engagement into revenue through interactive 
webinar, virtual event, and multimedia content 
experiences. ON24 serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ON24 Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ON24 Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ON24 Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ON24 Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short OneMain Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
OneMain Holdings Inc 
OneMain Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides personal and auto loan products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short OneMain Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 278 ---
278 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short OneMain Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
OneMain Holdings conducts business in the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long OneMain Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long OneMain Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ONEOK Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ONEOK Inc 
ONEOK, Inc. is a diversified energy company. The 
company is involved in the natural gas and natural 
gas liquids business across the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ONEOK Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ONEOK Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ONEOK Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ONEOK Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short OneSpan Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
OneSpan Inc 
OneSpan Inc. provides software services. The 
company designs and develops security software 
and e-signature solutions that protects devices 
and financial transactions from fraud and misuse. 
OneSpan delivers risk analytics, mobile security, 
and authentication services. OneSpan serves 
clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short OneSpan Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short OneSpan Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long OneSpan Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long OneSpan Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Onto Innovation Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Onto Innovation Inc 
Onto Innovation Inc. provides process control 
solutions and inspection systems. The company 
offers solutions which primarily used in the 
fabrication of semiconductors and other solid-
state devices, as well as industrial and scientific 
applications. Onto Innovation serves customers in 
the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Onto Innovation Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Onto Innovation Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Onto Innovation Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Onto Innovation Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Opendoor Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Opendoor Technologies 
Inc 
Opendoor Technologies Inc. provides digital 
platform for residential real estates. The company 
develops service model for real estate buying and 
selling on a mobile device. Opendoor Technologies 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Opendoor Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Opendoor Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Opendoor Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Opendoor Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Oracle Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Oracle Corp 
Oracle Corporation supplies software for 
enterprise information management. The 
company offers databases and relational servers, 
application development and decision support 
tools, and enterprise business applications. 
Oracle's software runs on network computers, 
personal digital assistants, set-top devices, PCs, 
workstations, minicomputers, mainframes, and 
massively parallel computers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Oracle Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Oracle Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Oracle Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Oracle Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Orange SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Orange SA 
Orange SA provides telecommunications services 
to residential, professional, and large business 
customers. The company offers public fixed-line 
telephone, leased lines and data transmission, 
mobile telecommunications, cable television, 
Internet and wireless applications, and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Orange SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Orange SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Orange SA Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 279 ---
279 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Orange SA Index 
3 
Long 
broadcasting services, as well as 
telecommunications equipment sales and rentals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short O'Reilly Automotive Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
O'Reilly Automotive Inc 
O'Reilly Automotive, Inc. retails and supplies 
automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, 
equipment, and accessories. The company sells its 
products to do-it-yourself customers, professional 
mechanics, and service technicians. O'Reilly 
operates stores throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short O'Reilly Automotive Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short O'Reilly Automotive Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long O'Reilly Automotive Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long O'Reilly Automotive Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Organon & Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Organon & Co 
Organon & Co. operates as a pharmaceutical 
company. The company develops and produces 
medicines and other products across a range of 
areas including reproductive health, heart disease, 
dermatology, allergies, and asthma. Organon & Co 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Organon & Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Organon & Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Organon & Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Organon & Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Orion Office REIT Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Orion Office REIT Inc 
Orion Office REIT Inc operates in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Orion Office REIT Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Orion Office REIT Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Orion Office REIT Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Orion Office REIT Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Orion Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Orion Oyj 
Orion Oyj develops and manufactures 
pharmaceuticals and diagnostic kits. The company 
produces hormone therapies and drugs to treat 
central nervous system disorders, cardiovascular 
diseases, and urological disorders, and in vitro 
diagnostic kits used in doctor's offices and small 
laboratories. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Orion Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Orion Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Orion Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Orion Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Orkla ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
Orkla ASA 
Orkla ASA manufactures branded consumer goods 
to the Nordic grocery market, and operates in the 
branded consumer goods, materials, renewable 
energy, and financial investment sectors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Orkla ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Orkla ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Orkla ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Orkla ASA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Orpea SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Orpea SA 
Orpea operates nursing homes.  The company 
serves older clients in all stages of dependency 
through its facilities located throughout France. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Orpea SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Orpea SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Orpea SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Orpea SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Orsted AS Index 
-1 
Short 
Orsted AS

--- Page 280 ---
280 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Orsted AS Index 
-2 
Short 
Orsted A/S provides utility services. The company 
engages in the development, construction, and 
operation of offshore wind farms, as well as 
generates power and heat from power stations. 
Orsted serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Orsted AS Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Orsted AS Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Orsted AS Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Oshkosh Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Oshkosh Corp 
Oshkosh Corporation designs, manufactures, and 
markets fire and emergency apparatuses, 
specialty commercial, and military trucks. The 
company provides products, such as pumpers, 
aerial and ladder trucks, tankers, rescue vehicles, 
snow removal vehicles, refuse truck bodies, and 
concrete mixers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Oshkosh Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Oshkosh Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Oshkosh Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Oshkosh Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short OSI Systems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
OSI Systems Inc 
OSI Systems, Inc. produces medical monitoring 
and anesthesia systems; security and inspection 
systems; and lasers, optics, and optoelectronic 
components. The company's products include 
blood pressure monitors, anesthesia machines 
and hemoglobin saturation monitors; systems for 
inspecting baggage, people, and vehicles; and 
lasers, lenses, prisms, and microelectronic 
components. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short OSI Systems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short OSI Systems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long OSI Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long OSI Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Otis Worldwide Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Otis Worldwide Corp 
Otis Worldwide Corporation manufactures, 
installs, and services building systems. The 
company offers elevators, escalators, and other 
moving products. Otis Worldwide serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Otis Worldwide Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Otis Worldwide Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Otis Worldwide Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Otis Worldwide Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ouster Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ouster Inc 
Ouster, Inc. operates as a lidar technology 
company. The company builds high-resolution 3D 
lidar sensors for use in autonomous vehicles, 
robotics, drones, mapping, defense, and security 
systems. Ouster serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ouster Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ouster Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ouster Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ouster Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Owens Corning Index 
-1 
Short 
Owens Corning 
Owens Corning produces residential and 
commercial building materials, glass-fiber 
reinforcements, and engineered materials for 
composite systems. The company offers its 
products globally to various industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Owens Corning Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Owens Corning Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Owens Corning Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Owens Corning Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Oxford Nanopore Technologies P 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Oxford Nanopore 
Technologies P 
Oxford Nanopore Technologies PLC develops 
technologies for molecular detection and analysis.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Oxford Nanopore Technologies P 
Index 
-2 
Short 
The company offers technologies that are used in 
deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) sequencing, 
diagnostics, drug development, biomolecular 
interaction, ion channel screening, and defense 
applications. Oxford Nanopore Technologies 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Oxford Nanopore Technologies P 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Oxford Nanopore Technologies P 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Oxford Nanopore Technologies P 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PACCAR Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
PACCAR Inc 
PACCAR Inc designs, develops, manufactures, and 
distributes light, medium, and heavy-duty trucks, 
and related aftermarket distribution of parts. The 
company also offers finance and leasing services 
to its customers and dealers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PACCAR Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PACCAR Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PACCAR Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PACCAR Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pacific Biosciences of Califor 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Pacific Biosciences of 
Califor 
Pacific Biosciences of California, Inc. designs, 
develops, and manufactures sequencing systems 
to help scientists resolve genetically complex 
problems. The company offers Single Molecule 
and Real-Time (SMRT) technology that enables 
real-time analysis of biomolecules with single 
molecule resolution. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pacific Biosciences of Califor 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pacific Biosciences of Califor 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pacific Biosciences of Califor Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pacific Biosciences of Califor Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Packaging Corp of America Index 
-1 
Short 
Packaging Corp of 
America 
Packaging Corporation of America manufactures 
containerboard and corrugated packaging 
products for use in protecting goods during 
shipment. The company also produces multi-color 
boxes and displays, as well as meat and wax-
coated boxes for the agricultural industry. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Packaging Corp of America Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Packaging Corp of America Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Packaging Corp of America Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Packaging Corp of America Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PacWest Bancorp Index 
-1 
Short 
PacWest Bancorp 
PacWest Bancorp is a bank holding company. The 
company, through its banking subsidiary, offers a 
wide range of commercial banking services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PacWest Bancorp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PacWest Bancorp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PacWest Bancorp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PacWest Bancorp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PagerDuty Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
PagerDuty Inc 
PagerDuty, Inc. provides wireless application 
solutions. The company offers on call 
management, event intelligence, analytics, and 
digital operations, as well as equipment. 
PagerDuty serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PagerDuty Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PagerDuty Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PagerDuty Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 282 ---
282 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PagerDuty Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Palantir Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Palantir Technologies Inc 
Palantir Technologies Inc. develops software to 
analyze information. The company offers solutions 
support many kinds of data including structured, 
unstructured, relational, temporal, and geospatial. 
Palantir Technologies serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Palantir Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Palantir Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Palantir Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Palantir Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Palo Alto Networks Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Palo Alto Networks Inc 
Palo Alto Networks, Inc. provides network security 
solutions. The company offers firewalls that 
identify and control applications, scan content to 
stop threats, prevent data leakage, integrated 
application, user, and content visibility. Palo Alto 
Networks serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Palo Alto Networks Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Palo Alto Networks Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Palo Alto Networks Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Palo Alto Networks Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pandora A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
Pandora A/S 
Pandora A/S designs, manufactures, markets, and 
distributes hand finished and modern jewellery 
made from primarily sterling silver, gold, and 
precious and semi- precious stones. The company 
offers rings, bracelets, necklaces and earings. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pandora A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pandora A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pandora A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pandora A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PAR Technology Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
PAR Technology Corp 
PAR Technology Corporation provides professional 
services and enterprise intelligence software.  The 
company develops, markets, and supports 
software products and supplies point-of-sale 
systems to the quick service restaurant market.  
PAR Technology also provides computer based 
system design and engineering services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PAR Technology Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PAR Technology Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PAR Technology Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PAR Technology Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Paramount Global Index 
-1 
Short 
Paramount Global 
Paramount Global operates as a media company. 
The company produces and distributes 
entertainment content through studios, networks, 
streaming services, live events, and merchandise. 
Paramount Global serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Paramount Global Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Paramount Global Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Paramount Global Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Paramount Global Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Paramount Global Index 
-1 
Short 
Paramount Global 
Paramount Global operates as a media company. 
The company produces and distributes 
entertainment content through studios, networks, 
streaming services, live events, and merchandise. 
Paramount Global serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Paramount Global Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Paramount Global Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Paramount Global Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Paramount Global Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Park Hotels & Resorts Inc Index 
-1 
Short Park Hotels & Resorts Inc

--- Page 283 ---
283 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Park Hotels & Resorts Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. owns and operates 
hotels. The company offers services and amenities 
such as accommodation, dining, meeting and 
wedding rooms, spa, and fitness center. Park 
Hotels & Resorts serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Park Hotels & Resorts Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Park Hotels & Resorts Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Park Hotels & Resorts Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Parker-Hannifin Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Parker-Hannifin Corp 
Parker-Hannifin Corporation manufactures motion 
control products, including fluid power systems, 
electromechanical controls, and related 
components. The company also produces fluid 
purification, fluid flow, process instrumentation, 
air conditioning, refrigeration, and 
electromagnetic shielding and thermal 
management products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Parker-Hannifin Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Parker-Hannifin Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Parker-Hannifin Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Parker-Hannifin Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Partners Group Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Partners Group Holding 
AG 
Partners Group is a global private markets 
investment management firm with investment 
programs under management in private equity, 
private real estate, private infrastructure and 
private debt. The firm manages a broad range of 
customized portfolios for an international 
clientele of institutional investors.  Partners Group 
is headquartered in Zug, Switzerland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Partners Group Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Partners Group Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Partners Group Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Partners Group Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Paya Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Paya Holdings Inc 
Paya Holdings Inc. is a provider of integrated 
payment and frictionless commerce solutions. The 
company is headquartered in Atlanta, GA and 
serves customers through key distribution 
partners in industries such as healthcare, 
education, non-profit, government, utilities, and 
other B2B goods and services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Paya Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Paya Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Paya Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Paya Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Paychex Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Paychex Inc 
Paychex, Inc. provides comprehensive payroll and 
integrated human resource and employee 
benefits outsourcing solutions for small to 
medium-sized businesses in the United States. The 
company's services range from calculating payroll 
and filing tax payments to administering 
retirement plans and workers' compensation. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Paychex Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Paychex Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Paychex Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Paychex Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Paycom Software Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Paycom Software Inc 
Paycom Software, Inc. designs and develops 
software solutions. The company provides data 
analytical software products to manage the 
employment life cycle from recruitment to 
retirement. Paycom Software serves customers in 
the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Paycom Software Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Paycom Software Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Paycom Software Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Paycom Software Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Paycor HCM Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Paycor HCM Inc 
Paycor HCM, Inc. provides human capital 
management solutions. The company offers 
software-as-a-service platform which enables 
organizations to streamline HCM and payroll 
workflows and achieve regulatory compliance 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Paycor HCM Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Paycor HCM Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 284 ---
284 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Paycor HCM Inc Index 
2 
Long 
while serving as the single, secure system of 
record for all employee data. Paycor HCM serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Paycor HCM Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Paylocity Holding Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Paylocity Holding Corp 
Paylocity Holding Corporation is a provider of 
cloud-based payroll and human capital 
management, or HCM, software solutions for 
medium-sized organizations. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Paylocity Holding Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Paylocity Holding Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Paylocity Holding Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Paylocity Holding Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Paymentus Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Paymentus Holdings Inc 
Paymentus Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
develops cloud-based bill payment technology and 
solutions. Paymentus Holdings serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Paymentus Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Paymentus Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Paymentus Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Paymentus Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Payoneer Global Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Payoneer Global Inc 
Payoneer Global Inc. provides online payment 
solutions. The company offers bank transfer, 
prepaid, debit, and virtual card payment for 
businesses and individuals. Payoneer Global 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Payoneer Global Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Payoneer Global Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Payoneer Global Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Payoneer Global Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PayPal Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
PayPal Holdings Inc 
PayPal Holdings, Inc. operates as a technology 
platform company that enables digital and mobile 
payments on behalf of consumers and merchants. 
The company offers online payment solutions. 
PayPal Holdings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PayPal Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PayPal Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PayPal Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PayPal Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Paysafe Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Paysafe Ltd 
Paysafe Limited is an integrated payments 
platform. The company enable's businesses and 
consumers to connect and transact in payment 
processing, digital wallet, and online cash 
solutions. Paysafe serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Paysafe Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Paysafe Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Paysafe Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Paysafe Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PC Connection Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
PC Connection Inc 
PC Connection, Inc. is a direct marketer of 
personal computers and related peripherals, 
software, accessories, and networking products. 
The company sells to small and medium-sized 
businesses. PC Connection carries high turnover 
products in inventory, and in addition provides 
customer service and technical support. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PC Connection Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PC Connection Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PC Connection Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PC Connection Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 285 ---
285 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PDF Solutions Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
PDF Solutions Inc 
PDF Solutions, Inc. provides infrastructure 
technologies and services to optimize 
performance and improve yield of manufactured 
integrated circuits. The company provides its 
services and technologies to integrated device 
manufacturers such as Toshiba Corporation and 
Texas Instruments Incorporated. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PDF Solutions Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PDF Solutions Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PDF Solutions Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PDF Solutions Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pearson PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Pearson PLC 
Pearson plc provides education products and 
services to institutions, governments, and 
individual learners in various countries. The 
company offers test development, processing, and 
scoring services and a range of education services 
including teacher development, educational 
software, and system-wide solutions, as well as 
owns and operates schools. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pearson PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pearson PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pearson PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pearson PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pegasystems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Pegasystems Inc 
Pegasystems Inc. develops customer relationship 
management software. The company automates 
customer interactions across transaction-intensive 
enterprises. Pegasystems provides its products to 
customers in the banking, mutual funds and 
securities, mortgage services, card services, 
insurance, healthcare management, and 
telecommunications industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pegasystems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pegasystems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pegasystems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pegasystems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Peloton Interactive Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Peloton Interactive Inc 
Peloton Interactive, Inc. provides recreational 
facilities and services. The company offers 
workout bikes for indoor cycling, as well as other 
fitness related instruments. Peloton Interactive 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Peloton Interactive Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Peloton Interactive Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Peloton Interactive Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Peloton Interactive Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Penn National Gaming Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Penn National Gaming 
Inc 
Penn National Gaming, Inc. owns and operates 
Charles Town Races in West Virginia which 
features slot machines, casinos in Mississippi, and 
a riverboat gaming facility in Louisiana. The 
company also owns racetracks and off-track 
wagering facilities in Pennsylvania, as well as 
manages a gaming facility in the Province of 
Ontario, Canada. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Penn National Gaming Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Penn National Gaming Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Penn National Gaming Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Penn National Gaming Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pennon Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Pennon Group PLC 
Pennon Group Plc operates and invests primarily 
in the areas of water and sewerage services and 
waste management.  Their principal subsidiary, 
SouthWest Water Limited, holds the water and 
sewerage appointments for Devon, Cornwall and 
parts of Somerset and Dorset. Viridor Waste 
Limited operates a waste treatment and disposal 
businesses in the United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pennon Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pennon Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pennon Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pennon Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Penske Automotive Group Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Penske Automotive 
Group Inc 
Penske Automotive Group, Inc. operates 
franchised automobile dealerships. The company's

--- Page 286 ---
286 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Penske Automotive Group Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
franchises are located throughout the United 
States, Puerto Rico, and the United Kingdom. 
Penske Automotive Group sells new and used 
vehicles, as well as offers maintenance and repair 
services on all brands it represents. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Penske Automotive Group Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Penske Automotive Group Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Penske Automotive Group Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pentair PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Pentair PLC 
Pentair plc is a global water company, delivering a 
range of smart, sustainable water solutions for 
residential, commercial, industrial, infrastructure 
and agriculture applications. The company's 
solutions enable people, business and industry to 
access clean, safe water, reduce water 
consumption, and recover and reuse it. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pentair PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pentair PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pentair PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pentair PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Penumbra Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Penumbra Inc 
Penumbra, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, 
and markets medical devices. The company offers 
peripheral vascular and neurovascular devices 
that help patients suffering from stroke and other 
neurovascular diseases. Penumbra operates in the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Penumbra Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Penumbra Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Penumbra Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Penumbra Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short People's United Financial Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
People's United Financial 
Inc 
People's United Financial, Inc. is a savings and loan 
holding company. The company provides 
commercial, retail, and business banking, and 
wealth management services to individual, 
corporate, and municipal customers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short People's United Financial Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short People's United Financial Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long People's United Financial Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long People's United Financial Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PepsiCo Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
PepsiCo Inc 
PepsiCo, Inc. operates worldwide beverage, snack, 
and food businesses. The company manufactures 
or uses contract manufacturers, markets, and sells 
a variety of grain-based snacks, carbonated and 
non-carbonated beverages, and foods in countries 
throughout the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PepsiCo Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PepsiCo Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PepsiCo Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PepsiCo Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Perficient Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Perficient Inc 
Perficient, Inc. operates as an information 
technology consulting firm. The company designs 
and delivers business-driven information 
technology solutions, such as business analysis, 
portal, content management, integration, SOA, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Perficient Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Perficient Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 287 ---
287 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Perficient Inc Index 
2 
Long 
commerce, business intelligence, and customer 
relation management (CRM). Perficient serves 
clients from a network of domestic and global 
locations. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Perficient Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PerkinElmer Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
PerkinElmer Inc 
PerkinElmer, Inc. provides technology, services, 
and solutions to the diagnostics, research, 
environmental, industrial and laboratory services 
market. The company's products include 
equipment used for genetic screening and drug 
discovery, optoelectronics, analytical instruments, 
image detection systems, and fluid containment 
products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PerkinElmer Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PerkinElmer Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PerkinElmer Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PerkinElmer Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pernod Ricard SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Pernod Ricard SA 
Pernod Ricard produces and markets alcoholic 
beverages. The company offers wines, bitters, 
whiskies, spirits, liquors, cognac and brandies, 
white spirits, and rum. Pernod Ricard serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pernod Ricard SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pernod Ricard SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pernod Ricard SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pernod Ricard SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Perrigo Co PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Perrigo Co PLC 
Perrigo Company PLC engages in providing over-
the-counter (OTC) self-care and wellness 
solutions. The company operates through three 
segments: Consumer Self-Care Americas, 
Consumer Self-Care International, and 
Prescription Pharmaceuticals. Perrigo's primary 
markets and locations of manufacturing and 
logistics operations are the US, Mexico, Europe, 
Israel and Australia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Perrigo Co PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Perrigo Co PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Perrigo Co PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Perrigo Co PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Persimmon PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Persimmon PLC 
Persimmon plc designs, develops, and builds 
residential housing units. The company constructs 
residential homes ranging from studio apartments 
to executive family homes throughout the United 
Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Persimmon PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Persimmon PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Persimmon PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Persimmon PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Petco Health & Wellness Co Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Petco Health & Wellness 
Co Inc 
Petco Health and Wellness Company, Inc. owns 
and operates pet stores. The company offers dog, 
cat, bird, fish, reptile, and other animals, as well as 
provides pet health and wellness, adoptions, 
training, and veterinary services. Petco Health and 
Wellness Company serves customers in the United 
States, Mexico, and Puerto Rico. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Petco Health & Wellness Co Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Petco Health & Wellness Co Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Petco Health & Wellness Co Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Petco Health & Wellness Co Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pfizer Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Pfizer Inc

--- Page 288 ---
288 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pfizer Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Pfizer Inc. operates as a pharmaceutical company. 
The company offers medicines, vaccines, medical 
devices, and consumer healthcare products for 
oncology, inflammation, cardiovascular, and other 
therapeutic areas. Pfizer serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pfizer Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pfizer Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pfizer Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PG&E Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
PG&E Corp 
PG&E Corporation is a holding company that holds 
interests in energy based businesses. The 
company's holdings include a public utility 
operating in northern and central California that 
provides electricity and natural gas distribution, 
electricity generation, procurement, and 
transmission, and natural gas procurement, 
transportation, and storage. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PG&E Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PG&E Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PG&E Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PG&E Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Philip Morris International In 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Philip Morris 
International In 
Philip Morris International Inc. operates as a 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, licensees, produces, sells, distributes, 
and markets a wide range of branded cigarettes 
and tobacco products. Philip Morris International 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Philip Morris International In 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Philip Morris International In 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Philip Morris International In 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Philip Morris International In 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Phillips 66 Index 
-1 
Short 
Phillips 66 
Phillips 66 is a downstream energy company. The 
company's operations include oil refining, 
marketing, and transportation. Phillips 66's 
operations also include chemical manufacturing 
and power generation. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Phillips 66 Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Phillips 66 Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Phillips 66 Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Phillips 66 Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Phoenix Group Holdings PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Phoenix Group Holdings 
PLC 
Phoenix Group Holdings PLC operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides life insurance and pension funds services. 
Phoenix Group Holdings serves customers in the 
United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Phoenix Group Holdings PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Phoenix Group Holdings PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Phoenix Group Holdings PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Phoenix Group Holdings PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Phoenix Group Holdings PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short Phoenix Group Holdings 
PLC 
Phoenix Group Holdings PLC operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides life insurance and pension funds services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Phoenix Group Holdings PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 289 ---
289 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Phoenix Group Holdings PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Phoenix Group Holdings serves customers in the 
United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Phoenix Group Holdings PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Phoenix Group Holdings PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Photronics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Photronics Inc 
Photronics, Inc. manufactures photomasks, which 
are high precision quartz plates that contain 
microscopic images of electronic circuits. The 
company's products are used to transfer circuit 
patterns onto semiconductor wafers during the 
fabrication of integrated circuits. Photronics 
operates manufacturing facilities in Asia, Europe, 
and North America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Photronics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Photronics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Photronics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Photronics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pilgrim's Pride Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Pilgrim's Pride Corp 
Pilgrim's Pride Corporation produces prepared and 
fresh chicken products in the United States and 
Mexico. Through vertical integration, the company 
controls the breeding, hatching, and growing of 
chickens and the processing, preparation, and 
packaging of its product lines. Pilgrim's Pride 
exports its products to Canada, Eastern Europe, 
the Far East, and other world markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pilgrim's Pride Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pilgrim's Pride Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pilgrim's Pride Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pilgrim's Pride Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pinduoduo Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Pinduoduo Inc 
Pinduoduo Inc. operates as an e-commerce 
platform. The company offers  a wide range of 
merchandise online including groceries, fashion, 
beauty, and electronics. Pinduoduo serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pinduoduo Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pinduoduo Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pinduoduo Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pinduoduo Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ping Identity Holding Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Ping Identity Holding 
Corp 
Ping Identity Holding Corp operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides a platform that allows users and devices 
to securely access any service, application, and 
application programming interface (API) from any 
device. Ping Identity Holding serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ping Identity Holding Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ping Identity Holding Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ping Identity Holding Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ping Identity Holding Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pinnacle Financial Partners In 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Pinnacle Financial 
Partners In 
Pinnacle Financial Partners, Inc. is a holding 
company for Pinnacle National Bank. The bank 
operates as a community bank emphasizing 
personal banking relationships with individuals 
and businesses located in its primary service area, 
which is comprised of the metropolitan Nashville, 
Tennessee area and surrounding counties. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pinnacle Financial Partners In 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pinnacle Financial Partners In 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pinnacle Financial Partners In 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pinnacle Financial Partners In 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pinnacle West Capital Corp Index 
-1 
Short

--- Page 290 ---
290 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pinnacle West Capital Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Pinnacle West Capital 
Corp 
Pinnacle West Capital Corporation is a utility 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiary, provides retail and wholesale electric 
service to most of the State of Arizona. Pinnacle 
West Capital through a subsidiary, also is involved 
in real estate development activities in the 
western United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pinnacle West Capital Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pinnacle West Capital Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pinnacle West Capital Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pinterest Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Pinterest Inc 
Pinterest, Inc. operates and maintains social 
networking site. The company provides online 
venue for personal photos, ideas, oddities, 
decorations, places to visit, recipes, and other 
items. Pinterest serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pinterest Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pinterest Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pinterest Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pinterest Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pioneer Natural Resources Co 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Pioneer Natural 
Resources Co 
Pioneer Natural Resources Company operates as 
an independent oil and gas exploration and 
production company. The company engages in 
onshore oil and gas drilling, exploration, and 
production in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pioneer Natural Resources Co 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pioneer Natural Resources Co 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pioneer Natural Resources Co 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pioneer Natural Resources Co 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Planet Fitness Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Planet Fitness Inc 
Planet Fitness, Inc. owns and operates a chain of 
fitness clubs. The company offers personal fitness 
training programs for its members, as well as 
provides sauna and massage facilities. Planet 
Fitness serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Planet Fitness Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Planet Fitness Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Planet Fitness Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Planet Fitness Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Plantronics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Plantronics Inc 
Plantronics, Inc. designs, manufactures, and 
markets lightweight communications headsets 
and headset accessories and services. The 
company also manufactures and markets specialty 
telephone products, such as amplified telephone 
headsets and specialty telephones for hearing-
impaired users, and noise-cancelling headsets for 
use in high-noise environments. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Plantronics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Plantronics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Plantronics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Plantronics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Playtika Holding Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Playtika Holding Corp 
Playtika Holding Corp. operates as a digital 
entertainment company. The company specializes 
in the development and publication of free to play 
mobile games. Playtika Holding serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Playtika Holding Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Playtika Holding Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Playtika Holding Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Playtika Holding Corp Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 291 ---
291 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Plexus Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Plexus Corp 
Plexus Corp. is a participant in the electronics 
manufacturing services (EMS) industry, providing 
product design, supply chain, materials 
management, manufacturing, test, fulfillment, and 
aftermarket solutions to branded product 
companies in the wireline and networking, 
wireless infrastructure, medical, industrial and 
commercial, defense, security, and aerospace 
market sectors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Plexus Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Plexus Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Plexus Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Plexus Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Plug Power Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Plug Power Inc 
Plug Power, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures 
and commercializes fuel cell systems for electric 
lift trucks and materials handling equipment. The 
company offers its products globally to retail, 
grocery, and institutional food distribution 
centers, as well as manufacturing facilities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Plug Power Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Plug Power Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Plug Power Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Plug Power Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PNC Financial Services Group I 
Index 
-1 
Short 
PNC Financial Services 
Group I 
PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. is a diversified 
financial services organization. The company 
provides regional banking, wholesale banking, and 
asset management services nationally and in the 
Company's primary regional markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PNC Financial Services Group I 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PNC Financial Services Group I 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PNC Financial Services Group I 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PNC Financial Services Group I 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Polaris Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Polaris Inc 
Polaris Inc. designs, engineers, and manufactures 
off-road and on-road vehicles. The company 
produces vehicles including snowmobiles, terrain 
vehicles, and motorcycles. Polaris Industries 
markets its products and related replacement 
parts and accessories through dealers and 
distributors located in the United States, Canada, 
and Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Polaris Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Polaris Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Polaris Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Polaris Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Polski Koncern Naftowy ORLEN S 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Polski Koncern Naftowy 
ORLEN S 
Polski Koncern Naftowy Orlen S.A. refines and 
distributes petroleum products. The company 
produces leaded gasoline, diesel fuels, liquefied 
petroleum gas (LPG), automobile antifreeze, 
heating oil, plastics, asphalt, and polypropylene 
foil.  Orlen retails its products through its gasoline 
filling stations. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Polski Koncern Naftowy ORLEN S 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Polski Koncern Naftowy ORLEN S 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Polski Koncern Naftowy ORLEN S 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Polski Koncern Naftowy ORLEN S 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pool Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Pool Corp

--- Page 292 ---
292 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pool Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Pool Corporation is a wholesale distributor of 
swimming pool supplies, equipment, and related 
products. The company's inventory includes a 
diverse range of products, from construction 
materials, replacement parts, and fencing to pool 
care products and spas. Pool serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pool Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pool Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pool Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Popular Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Popular Inc 
Popular, Inc. is a bank holding company that 
provides commercial banking services through 
branches in Puerto Rico, the British Virgin Islands, 
the Dominican Republic, and the United States 
mainland. The company also provides mortgage 
and consumer finance, lease financing, investment 
banking, broker and dealer activities, retail 
financial services, and automated tellers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Popular Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Popular Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Popular Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Popular Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Porsche Automobil Holding SE 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Porsche Automobil 
Holding SE 
Porsche Automobil Holding SE is a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
offers development, production, and sale of 
automobiles along with financial services. Porsche 
operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Porsche Automobil Holding SE 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Porsche Automobil Holding SE 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Porsche Automobil Holding SE 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Porsche Automobil Holding SE 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Post Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Post Holdings Inc 
Post Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding company. 
The company, through its subsidiaries, 
manufactures, distributes, and markets a wide 
range of ready-to-eat cereal products. Post 
Holdings serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Post Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Post Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Post Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Post Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Poste Italiane SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Poste Italiane SpA 
Poste Italiane S.p.A. operates in three main 
business segments, insurance services, financial 
services, and mail and parcel services. The 
company provides its services to the general 
public, businesses, and government entities. Poste 
Italiane serves customers throughout Italy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Poste Italiane SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Poste Italiane SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Poste Italiane SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Poste Italiane SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Power Integrations Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Power Integrations Inc 
Power Integrations, Inc. designs, develops, and 
markets analog integrated circuits for use in 
alternating current (AC) to direct current (DC) 
power conversion. The company sells its products 
to original equipment manufacturers in the 
cellular telephone, consumer electronics, personal 
computer, and industrial electronics industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Power Integrations Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Power Integrations Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Power Integrations Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Power Integrations Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 293 ---
293 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Powszechna Kasa Oszczednosci B 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Powszechna Kasa 
Oszczednosci B 
Powszechna Kasa Oszczednosci Bank Polski S.A. 
attracts deposits and offers commercial banking 
services. The bank offers all types of banking 
services present on the Polish banking market, 
money market and capital market for institutional 
and individual clients. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Powszechna Kasa Oszczednosci B 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Powszechna Kasa Oszczednosci B 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Powszechna Kasa Oszczednosci B 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Powszechna Kasa Oszczednosci B 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Powszechny Zaklad Ubezpieczen 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Powszechny Zaklad 
Ubezpieczen 
Powszechny Zaklad Ubezpieczen SA offers 
property and casualty insurance. The company 
offers a wide range of non-life insurance products 
including fire and automobile insurance. 
Powszechny Zaklad also has a division that offers 
life insurance. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Powszechny Zaklad Ubezpieczen 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Powszechny Zaklad Ubezpieczen 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Powszechny Zaklad Ubezpieczen 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Powszechny Zaklad Ubezpieczen 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PPG Industries Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
PPG Industries Inc 
PPG Industries, Inc. supplies products for the 
manufacturing, construction, automotive, 
chemical processing, and other industries 
worldwide. The company makes protective and 
decorative coatings, flat glass, fabricated glass 
products, continuous-strand fiber glass products, 
and industrial and specialty chemicals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PPG Industries Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PPG Industries Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PPG Industries Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PPG Industries Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PPL Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
PPL Corp 
PPL Corporation is an energy and utility holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
generates electricity from power plants in the 
northeastern and western United States, and 
markets wholesale and retail energy primarily in 
the northeastern and western portions of the 
United States, and delivers electricity in 
Pennsylvania and the United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PPL Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PPL Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PPL Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PPL Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Premier Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Premier Inc 
Premier, Inc. provides healthcare services. The 
company offers clinical and financial database, 
peers, food and drug administration, drug 
surveillance, pharmacy, health insurance, and 
healthcare consultancy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Premier Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Premier Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Premier Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Premier Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Primary Health Properties PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Primary Health 
Properties PLC 
Primary Health Properties PLC operates as a real 
estate investment trust. The company specializes

--- Page 294 ---
294 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Primary Health Properties PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
in rental of primary healthcare facilities. Primary 
Health Properties serves customers in the United 
Kingdom and Ireland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Primary Health Properties PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Primary Health Properties PLC 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Primary Health Properties PLC 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Primerica Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Primerica Inc 
Primerica, Inc. distributes financial products to 
middle income households in North America. The 
company offers products including term life 
insurance, mutual funds, variable annuities, and 
other financial products which are distributed 
primarily on behalf of third parties. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Primerica Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Primerica Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Primerica Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Primerica Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Principal Financial Group Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Principal Financial Group 
Inc 
Principal Financial Group, Inc. provides financial 
products and services to businesses, individuals, 
and institutional clients. The company offers 
retirement solutions, life and health insurance, 
wellness programs, and investment and banking 
products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Principal Financial Group Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Principal Financial Group Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Principal Financial Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Principal Financial Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Procore Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Procore Technologies Inc 
Procore Technologies, Inc. provides software 
solutions. The company develops cloud-based 
construction management software. Procore 
Technologies serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Procore Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Procore Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Procore Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Procore Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Procter & Gamble Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Procter & Gamble Co/The 
The Procter & Gamble Company manufactures 
and markets consumer products in countries 
throughout the world. The company provides 
products in the laundry and cleaning, paper, 
beauty care, food and beverage, and health care 
segments. Procter & Gamble products are sold 
primarily through mass merchandisers, grocery 
stores, membership club stores, drug stores, and 
neighborhood stores. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Procter & Gamble Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Procter & Gamble Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Procter & Gamble Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Procter & Gamble Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Progress Software Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Progress Software Corp 
Progress Software Corporation develops, markets, 
and distributes applications. The company offers 
databases, application, messaging servers, and 
development tools. Progress Software serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Progress Software Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Progress Software Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Progress Software Corp Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 295 ---
295 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Progress Software Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Progressive Corp/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Progressive Corp/The 
The Progressive Corporation is an insurance 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, provide personal and commercial 
automobile insurance and other specialty 
property-casualty insurance and related services 
throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Progressive Corp/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Progressive Corp/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Progressive Corp/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Progressive Corp/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Prologis Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Prologis Inc 
Prologis, Inc. is an owner, operator, and developer 
of industrial real estate, focused on global and 
regional markets across the Americas, Europe, and 
Asia. The company also leases modern distribution 
facilities to customers, including manufacturers, 
retailers, transportation companies, third-party 
logistics providers, and other enterprises. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Prologis Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Prologis Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Prologis Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Prologis Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PROS Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
PROS Holdings Inc 
PROS Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
develops and markets business computer 
software. PROS Holdings provides price 
optimization, sales improvement, opportunity 
detection, and revenue management software. 
PROS Holdings serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PROS Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PROS Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PROS Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PROS Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE Index 
-1 
Short 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE provides free-to-air and 
pay TV broadcasting services in Germany, Austria, 
and the German-speaking part of Switzerland. The 
company operates digital entertainment activities 
such as advertising, subscription based VOD 
streaming, and produces TV programming. 
ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE also operates a global 
online dating business and invests in digital 
commerce. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Prosperity Bancshares Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Prosperity Bancshares Inc 
Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. is the holding company 
for Prosperity Bank. The bank attracts deposits 
from the general public and uses those funds to 
originate a variety of commercial and consumer 
loans. Prosperity Bank operates in the greater 
Houston metropolitan area and neighboring 
counties in Texas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Prosperity Bancshares Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Prosperity Bancshares Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Prosperity Bancshares Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Prosperity Bancshares Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Prosus NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Prosus NV 
Prosus N.V. provides internet based services. The 
company focuses on investment in internet, digital 
media, e-commerce retailing, and technology 
companies. Prosus serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Prosus NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Prosus NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Prosus NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Prosus NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Proximus SADP Index 
-1 
Short 
Proximus SADP

--- Page 296 ---
296 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Proximus SADP Index 
-2 
Short 
Proximus SA provides communication services and 
products to residential, business and corporate 
customers both domestically and internationally. 
The group offers multimedia products, payphones, 
pagers, operator services and calling cards. 
Proximus also provides mobile phone and Internet 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Proximus SADP Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Proximus SADP Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Proximus SADP Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Prudential Financial Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Prudential Financial Inc 
Prudential Financial, Inc. provides financial 
services throughout the United States and several 
locations worldwide. The company offers a variety 
of products and services, including life insurance, 
mutual funds, annuities, pension, and retirement 
related services, as well as administration and 
asset management. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Prudential Financial Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Prudential Financial Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Prudential Financial Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Prudential Financial Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Prudential PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Prudential PLC 
Prudential Public Limited Company is an 
international company which provides a wide 
assortment of insurance and investment products 
and services. Insurance products include life, 
accident and health, and property and casualty, as 
well as fixed and variable annuities. Prudential's 
services include personal and group pensions, 
equity plans, mortgages, and deposit accounts. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Prudential PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Prudential PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Prudential PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Prudential PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Prudential PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Prudential PLC 
Prudential Public Limited Company is an 
international company which provides a wide 
assortment of insurance and investment products 
and services. Insurance products include life, 
accident and health, and property and casualty, as 
well as fixed and variable annuities. Prudential's 
services include personal and group pensions, 
equity plans, mortgages, and deposit accounts. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Prudential PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Prudential PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Prudential PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Prudential PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Prysmian SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Prysmian SpA 
Prysmian S.p.A. develops, designs, produces, 
supplies, and installs a wide range of cables for 
applications in the energy and 
telecommunications industries. The company 
offers submarine transmission, asset monitoring 
systems, network components, and optical fibers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Prysmian SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Prysmian SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Prysmian SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Prysmian SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PSP Swiss Property AG Index 
-1 
Short 
PSP Swiss Property AG 
PSP Swiss Property AG owns and manages real 
estate.  The company owns a portfolio of office 
and business premises at exclusive locations in 
Switzerland's key economic centers, including 
Zurich, Geneva, Basel, Bern and Lausanne. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PSP Swiss Property AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PSP Swiss Property AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PSP Swiss Property AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PSP Swiss Property AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PTC Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
PTC Inc 
PTC Inc. develops and delivers technology 
solutions, comprised of software and services. The 
company's technology is primarily used by 
discrete manufacturers to design, operate, and 
maintain complex products. PTC's technology is 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PTC Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PTC Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 297 ---
297 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PTC Inc Index 
2 
Long 
also used to connect products to the Internet for 
purposes of capturing and analyzing information 
from them. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PTC Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Public Service Enterprise Grou 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Public Service Enterprise 
Grou 
Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated is a 
public utility holding company. The company, 
through its subsidiaries, generates, transmits, and 
distributes electricity and produces natural gas in 
the Northeastern and Mid Atlantic United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Public Service Enterprise Grou 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Public Service Enterprise Grou 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Public Service Enterprise Grou 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Public Service Enterprise Grou 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Public Storage Index 
-1 
Short 
Public Storage 
Public Storage is a real estate investment trust. 
The trust's principal business activities include the 
acquisition, development, ownership, and 
operation of self-storage facilities in the United 
States. Public Storage also own an equity interest 
in an owner and operator of self-storage facilities 
in Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Public Storage Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Public Storage Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Public Storage Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Public Storage Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Publicis Groupe SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Publicis Groupe SA 
Publicis Groupe operates as an advertising 
company. The company offers a various range of 
media activities which includes mobile and 
interactive online communication, television, 
magazines and newspapers, cinema, and radio. 
Publicis Groupe also offers direct marketing, 
customer relationship management, sales 
promotion, and human resources. Publicis Groupe 
serves customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Publicis Groupe SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Publicis Groupe SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Publicis Groupe SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Publicis Groupe SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PulteGroup Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
PulteGroup Inc 
PulteGroup Inc. sells and constructs homes, and 
purchases, develops, and sells residential land and 
develops active adult communities. The company 
also provides mortgage financing, title insurance, 
and other services to home buyers. PulteGroup 
has operations in various markets across the 
United States and Puerto Rico. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PulteGroup Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PulteGroup Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PulteGroup Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PulteGroup Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Puma SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Puma SE 
Puma SE designs, manufactures, and sells sporting 
goods and branded apparel. The company 
produces running, tennis, training, and basketball 
shoes and other products. Puma operates Santa 
Monica concept stores and sells its products 
worldwide through subsidiaries, distributors, and 
direct sales. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Puma SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Puma SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Puma SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Puma SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Pure Storage Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Pure Storage Inc 
Pure Storage, Inc. provides enterprise storage 
solutions. The company offers flash enterprise 
arrays for high performance workloads, including 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Pure Storage Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 298 ---
298 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Pure Storage Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
server consolidation, virtualization desktop, 
database, and cloud computing. Pure Storage 
serves customers throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Pure Storage Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Pure Storage Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short PVH Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
PVH Corp 
PVH Corp. designs, sources, manufactures, and 
markets men's, women's, and children's apparel 
and footwear. The company markets its products 
at a wholesale level through department store 
chains and directly to consumers through retail 
stores. PVH offers attire that includes dress shirts, 
sportswear, neckwear, and footwear. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short PVH Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short PVH Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long PVH Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long PVH Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Q2 Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Q2 Holdings Inc 
Q2 Holdings, Inc. is a provider of secure, cloud-
based virtual banking solutions. The company 
enables regional and community financial 
institutions, and RCFIs, to deliver a suite of 
integrated virtual banking services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Q2 Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Q2 Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Q2 Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Q2 Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short QIAGEN NV Index 
-1 
Short 
QIAGEN NV 
QIAGEN N.V. is a global provider of Sample to 
Insight solutions to transform biological materials 
into valuable molecular insights. The company 
provides its workflows to customers in Molecular 
Diagnostics (human healthcare), Applied Testing 
(forensics, veterinary testing and food safety), 
Pharma (pharmaceutical and biotechnology 
companies) and Academia (life sciences research). 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short QIAGEN NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short QIAGEN NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long QIAGEN NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long QIAGEN NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short QIAGEN NV Index 
-1 
Short 
QIAGEN NV 
QIAGEN N.V. is a global provider of Sample to 
Insight solutions to transform biological materials 
into valuable molecular insights. The company 
provides its workflows to customers in Molecular 
Diagnostics (human healthcare), Applied Testing 
(forensics, veterinary testing and food safety), 
Pharma (pharmaceutical and biotechnology 
companies) and Academia (life sciences research). 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short QIAGEN NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short QIAGEN NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long QIAGEN NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long QIAGEN NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Qorvo Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Qorvo Inc 
Qorvo Inc, designs, develops, manufactures, and 
markets a variety of high performance analog and 
mixed signal integrated circuits for the 
communications markets. The company's 
products are used for wireless communications 
applications such as cellular and PCS, cordless 
telephony, wireless LANs, industrial radios, 
wireless security, and remote meter reading. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Qorvo Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Qorvo Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Qorvo Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Qorvo Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short QT Group Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
QT Group Oyj 
QT Group Oyj is a technology company. The 
company engages in QT development, 
productization, and licensing under commercial 
and open-source licenses. QT Group serves 
automotive, consumer, electronics, medical, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short QT Group Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short QT Group Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long QT Group Oyj Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 299 ---
299 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long QT Group Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
entertainment, and industrial automation 
industries worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short QUALCOMM Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
QUALCOMM Inc 
Qualcomm Incorporated operates as a 
multinational semiconductor and 
telecommunications equipment company. The 
company develops and delivers digital wireless 
communications products and services based on 
CDMA digital technology. Qualcomm serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short QUALCOMM Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short QUALCOMM Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long QUALCOMM Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long QUALCOMM Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Qualtrics International Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Qualtrics International 
Inc 
Qualtrics International Inc. designs and develops 
application software. The company offers 
solutions for education, human resources, market 
research, automotive, travel, hospital, media, 
government, and airline sectors. Qualtrics 
International serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Qualtrics International Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Qualtrics International Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Qualtrics International Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Qualtrics International Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Qualys Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Qualys Inc 
Qualys, Inc. provides information technology 
security risk and compliance management 
solutions. The company offers products for 
vulnerability management, policy compliance, 
web application scanning, malware detection, and 
associated security products. Qualys serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Qualys Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Qualys Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Qualys Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Qualys Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Quanta Services Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Quanta Services Inc 
Quanta Services, Inc. provides specialized 
contracting services to electric utilities, 
telecommunication, cable television operators, 
and governmental entities. The company also 
installs transportation control and lighting systems 
and provides specialty electric power and 
communication services for industrial and 
commercial customers. Quanta operates projects 
throughout North America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Quanta Services Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Quanta Services Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Quanta Services Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Quanta Services Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short QuantumScape Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
QuantumScape Corp 
QuantumScape Corporation manufactures 
automobile parts. The company offers lithium-
metal batteries and other related parts. 
QuantumScape serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short QuantumScape Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short QuantumScape Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long QuantumScape Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long QuantumScape Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Quest Diagnostics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Quest Diagnostics Inc 
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated provides 
diagnostic testing, information, and services. The 
company operates a national network of full-
service laboratories, rapid response laboratories, 
and patient service centers. Quest Diagnostics 
offers esoteric, routine medical, drugs of abuse, 
and non-hospital-based anatomic pathology 
testing services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Quest Diagnostics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Quest Diagnostics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Quest Diagnostics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Quest Diagnostics Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 300 ---
300 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Quidel Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Quidel Corp 
Quidel Corporation discovers, develops, 
manufactures, and markets diagnostic healthcare 
products and solutions. The company offers 
diagnostic solutions which help in the detection 
and diagnosis of critical diseases and other 
medical conditions, including infectious, women 
health, gastrointestinal, autoimmune, and bone 
health and thyroid diseases. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Quidel Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Quidel Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Quidel Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Quidel Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Quilter PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Quilter PLC 
Quilter PLC provides wealth management services. 
The company offers investment advisory, financial 
planning, and portfolio management. Quilter 
serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Quilter PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Quilter PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Quilter PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Quilter PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Quilter PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Quilter PLC 
Quilter PLC provides wealth management services. 
The company offers investment advisory, financial 
planning, and portfolio management. Quilter 
serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Quilter PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Quilter PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Quilter PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Quilter PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Qurate Retail Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Qurate Retail Inc 
Qurate Retail, Inc. provides e-commerce services. 
The company engages in the video and digital 
commerce via television networks and e-
commerce sites, social pages, mobile application, 
print catalogs, and in-store destinations. Qurate 
Retail serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Qurate Retail Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Qurate Retail Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Qurate Retail Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Qurate Retail Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rackspace Technology Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Rackspace Technology 
Inc 
Rackspace Technology, Inc. provides information 
technology services. The company offers 
colocation, managed cloud and hosting, 
compliance assistance, enterprise security, and 
data protection services. Rackspace Technology 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rackspace Technology Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rackspace Technology Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rackspace Technology Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rackspace Technology Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Raiffeisen Bank International 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Raiffeisen Bank 
International 
Raiffeisen Bank International AG operates as a 
corporate and investment bank. The bank offers 
corporate, structured and trade financing, 
investment banking, factoring, lease financing, 
and payment and custody services. Raiffeisen 
serves Austria and Central and Eastern Europe. 
The Bank offers a full range of retail banking 
services in Eastern Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Raiffeisen Bank International 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Raiffeisen Bank International 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Raiffeisen Bank International 
Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 301 ---
301 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Raiffeisen Bank International 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ralph Lauren Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Ralph Lauren Corp 
Ralph Lauren Corporation designs, markets, and 
distributes men's, women's and children's apparel, 
accessories, fragrances, and home furnishings. The 
company's products are sold under a wide range 
of brands. Ralph Lauren's operations include 
wholesale, retail, and licensing. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ralph Lauren Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ralph Lauren Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ralph Lauren Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ralph Lauren Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rambus Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Rambus Inc 
Rambus Inc. designs, develops, licenses, and 
markets high-speed chip-to-chip interface 
technology to enhance the performance and cost-
effectiveness of consumer electronics, computer 
systems, and other electronic products. The 
company licenses semiconductor companies to 
manufactures and sells memory and logic ICs 
incorporating rambus interface technology. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rambus Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rambus Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rambus Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rambus Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Randstad NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Randstad NV 
Randstad NV provides temporary employment 
services. The company places workers for 
temporary assignments in educational, secretarial 
and banking, information technology, engineering, 
and finance positions. Randstad operates 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Randstad NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Randstad NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Randstad NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Randstad NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rapid7 Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Rapid7 Inc 
Rapid7, Inc. provides security data and analytic 
software solutions. The company offers services to 
collect, contextualize, and analyze security data to 
reduce threat exposure and detect compromise in 
real-time. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rapid7 Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rapid7 Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rapid7 Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rapid7 Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rational AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Rational AG 
Rational AG manufactures and markets food 
preparation appliances/processors and kitchen 
accessories for caterers and canteen kitchens.  
The company's products cook and reheat food.  
Rational sells primarily to hotels, restaurants, 
canteens and caterers in Europe, the United 
States, and Asia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rational AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rational AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rational AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rational AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Raymond James Financial Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Raymond James Financial 
Inc 
Raymond James Financial, Inc. provides financial 
services to individuals, corporations, and 
municipalities through its subsidiary investment 
firms. The company operates throughout the 
United States, Canada and overseas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Raymond James Financial Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Raymond James Financial Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 302 ---
302 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Raymond James Financial Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Raymond James Financial Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rayonier Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Rayonier Inc 
Rayonier Inc. is an international forestry products 
company. The company produces and sells 
cellulosic fibers, standing timber, real estate, and 
timberland acreage. Rayonier also produces logs 
and wood products, and medium density 
fiberboard, as well as owns, leases, and manages 
timberland and provides related management 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rayonier Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rayonier Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rayonier Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rayonier Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Raytheon Technologies Corp 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Raytheon Technologies 
Corp 
Raytheon Technologies Corporation operates as 
an aircraft manufacturing company. The company 
focuses on technology offerings and engineering 
teams to deliver innovative solutions such as aero 
structures, avionics, interiors, mechanical systems, 
mission systems, aircraft engines, power and 
control systems, radars, software, and other 
products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Raytheon Technologies Corp 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Raytheon Technologies Corp 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Raytheon Technologies Corp 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Raytheon Technologies Corp 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Realty Income Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Realty Income Corp 
Realty Income Corporation owns and manages a 
portfolio of commercial properties located across 
the United States. The company focuses on 
acquiring single-tenant retail locations, leased to 
regional and national chains, and under long-term 
net lease agreements. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Realty Income Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Realty Income Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Realty Income Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Realty Income Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Reckitt Benckiser Group PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Reckitt Benckiser Group 
PLC 
Reckitt Benckiser Group PLC manufactures and 
distributes a wide range of household, toiletry, 
health, and food products on a global basis. The 
company's products include fabric treatments, 
disinfectant spray and cleaners, dishwashing 
detergent, personal care, food, and over the 
counter drugs. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Reckitt Benckiser Group PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Reckitt Benckiser Group PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Reckitt Benckiser Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Reckitt Benckiser Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Recordati Industria Chimica e 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Recordati Industria 
Chimica e 
Recordati Industria Chimica e Farmaceutica S.p.A., 
doing business as Recordati SpA, manufactures 
pharmaceuticals. The company researches, 
develops, manufactures, and markets prescription 
and non-prescription pharmaceuticals, 
pharmaceutical chemicals, therapeutic products, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Recordati Industria Chimica e 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Recordati Industria Chimica e 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 303 ---
303 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Recordati Industria Chimica e 
Index 
2 
Long 
and rare disease treatments. The Company sells 
its products throughout the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Recordati Industria Chimica e 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Red Electrica Corp SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Red Electrica Corp SA 
Red Electrica Corporacion S.A. maintains and 
operates Spain's electricity transmission grid . The 
company extends the high-voltage grid and 
coordinates the production and transmission 
systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Red Electrica Corp SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Red Electrica Corp SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Red Electrica Corp SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Red Electrica Corp SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Regal Rexnord Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Regal Rexnord Corp 
Regal Rexnord Corporation designs, manufactures, 
and sells electric motors and controls. The 
company offers gearboxes, automotive 
transmissions, rotary cutting tools, automatic 
transfer switches, and electric generators. Regal 
Beloit markets its products to distributors, original 
equipment manufacturers, and end users 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Regal Rexnord Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Regal Rexnord Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Regal Rexnord Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Regal Rexnord Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Regency Centers Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Regency Centers Corp 
Regency Centers Corporation is a self-
administered and self-managed real estate 
investment trust that owns and operates grocery 
anchored neighborhood retail centers. The 
company currently owns and operates properties 
in various states located throughout the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Regency Centers Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Regency Centers Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Regency Centers Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Regency Centers Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Regeneron 
Pharmaceuticals Inc 
Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a 
biopharmaceutical company. The company 
discovers, develops, and commercializes 
pharmaceutical products for the treatment of 
serious medical conditions. Regeneron 
Pharmaceuticals serves the healthcare sector in 
the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Regions Financial Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Regions Financial Corp 
Regions Financial Corporation operates as a 
regional multi-bank holding company. The 
company provides mortgage banking, credit life 
insurance, leasing, commercial accounts 
receivable factoring, specialty mortgage financing, 
and securities brokerage services. Regions 
provides banking services throughout the South, 
Midwest, and Eastern United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Regions Financial Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Regions Financial Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Regions Financial Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Regions Financial Corp Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 304 ---
304 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Reinsurance Group of America I 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Reinsurance Group of 
America I 
Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated 
provides reinsurance services. The company offers 
life and health related reinsurance products and 
financial solutions. Reinsurance Group of America 
serves customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Reinsurance Group of America I 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Reinsurance Group of America I 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Reinsurance Group of America I 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Reinsurance Group of America I 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rekor Systems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Rekor Systems Inc 
Rekor Systems, Inc. provides license plate 
recognition and security solutions. The company 
offers solutions for surveillance, electronic toll 
collection, parking operations, and traffic 
management. Rekor Systems serves customers in 
the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rekor Systems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rekor Systems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rekor Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rekor Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Reliance Steel & 
Aluminum Co 
Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. distributes and 
processes steel and aluminum. The company's 
products include carbon, alloy, stainless and 
specialty steel, aluminum, brass, and copper. 
Reliance operates processing and distribution 
centers throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short RELX PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
RELX PLC 
RELX PLC is a global provider of information and 
analytics for professional and business customers 
across industries. The group serves customers in 
more than 180 countries and has offices in about 
40 countries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short RELX PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short RELX PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long RELX PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long RELX PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short RELX PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
RELX PLC 
RELX PLC is a global provider of information and 
analytics for professional and business customers 
across industries. The group serves customers in 
more than 180 countries and has offices in about 
40 countries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short RELX PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short RELX PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long RELX PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long RELX PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Remy Cointreau SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Remy Cointreau SA

--- Page 305 ---
305 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Remy Cointreau SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Remy Cointreau SA manufactures and distributes 
premium wines and spirits worldwide.  The 
company produces Remy Martin cognac, 
Cointreau, Passoa, Mount Gay rum, Metaxa. 
Through its wholly-owned sales company, Remy 
sells throughout the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Remy Cointreau SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Remy Cointreau SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Remy Cointreau SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
RenaissanceRe Holdings 
Ltd 
RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. is a global provider of 
reinsurance and insurance. The company's 
business primarily consists of catastrophe 
reinsurance, specialty reinsurance, and individual 
risk business. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Renault SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Renault SA 
Renault designs, manufactures, markets, and 
repairs passenger cars and light commercial 
vehicles. The company provides financing and 
service solutions including credit for new and used 
vehicles. Renault serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Renault SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Renault SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Renault SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Renault SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rentokil Initial PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Rentokil Initial PLC 
Rentokil Initial plc provides fully integrated 
facilities management and essential support 
services to government and commercial sector 
organization all sizes across all business sectors. 
The company provides services in pest control, 
hygiene, workwear, facilities and plants. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rentokil Initial PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rentokil Initial PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rentokil Initial PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rentokil Initial PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rentokil Initial PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Rentokil Initial PLC 
Rentokil Initial plc provides fully integrated 
facilities management and essential support 
services to government and commercial sector 
organization all sizes across all business sectors. 
The company provides services in pest control, 
hygiene, workwear, facilities and plants. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rentokil Initial PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rentokil Initial PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rentokil Initial PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rentokil Initial PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Repay Holdings Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Repay Holdings Corp 
Repay Holdings Corporation operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides financial technology and payment 
processing solutions such as credit and debit 
processing, automated clearing house processing, 
and instant funding. Repay Holdings serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Repay Holdings Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Repay Holdings Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Repay Holdings Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Repay Holdings Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Repligen Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Repligen Corp 
Repligen Corporation is a bioprocessing company 
focused on the development, production, and 
commercialization of innovative products used in 
the process of manufacturing biologic drugs. The 
company's customers include life sciences 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Repligen Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Repligen Corp Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 306 ---
306 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Repligen Corp Index 
2 
Long 
companies, global biopharmaceutical companies, 
and contract manufacturers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Repligen Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Reply SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Reply SpA 
Reply S.p.A. specializes in the design and 
implentation of solutions based on new 
communication channels and digital media.  The 
company's services include consultancy, system 
integration, application management, and 
business process outsourcing.  Reply S.p.A. 
provides services to business groups within Telco 
& Media, Industry & Services, and Banking & 
Insurance sectors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Reply SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Reply SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Reply SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Reply SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Repsol SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Repsol SA 
Repsol S.A., through subsidiaries, explores for and 
produces crude oil and natural gas, refines 
petroleum, and transports petroleum products 
and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG). The company 
retails gasoline and other products through its 
chain of gasoline filling stations. Repsol's 
petroleum reserves are in Spain, Latin America, 
Asia, North Africa, and the Middle East and United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Repsol SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Repsol SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Repsol SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Repsol SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Republic Services Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Republic Services Inc 
Republic Services, Inc. provides non-hazardous 
solid waste collection and disposal services in the 
United States. The company provides solid waste 
collection services for commercial, industrial, 
municipal, and residential customers. Republic 
also operates transfer stations, landfills, and 
recycling facilities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Republic Services Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Republic Services Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Republic Services Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Republic Services Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ResMed Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ResMed Inc 
ResMed Inc. develops, manufactures, and markets 
medical equipment for the treatment of sleep 
disordered breathing. The company sells 
diagnostic and treatment devices in various 
countries through its subsidiaries and 
independent distributors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ResMed Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ResMed Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ResMed Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ResMed Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rexel SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Rexel SA 
Rexel provides a wide range of electrical supplies. 
The company distributes wires, cables, ducts, 
heating tools, light and ventilation equipment, 
cabinets, household appliances, and accessories. 
Rexel also offers climate control, security, 
datacom, photovoltaic, home automation, and 
sourcing solutions. Rexel serves commercial, 
industrial, and residential markets worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rexel SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rexel SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rexel SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rexel SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rexford Industrial Realty Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short Rexford Industrial Realty 
Inc 
Rexford Industrial Realty, Inc. is a real estate 
investment trust that specializes in acquiring, 
owning, and operating industrial properties in 
Southern California markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rexford Industrial Realty Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 307 ---
307 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rexford Industrial Realty Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rexford Industrial Realty Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rexford Industrial Realty Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Reynolds Consumer Products Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Reynolds Consumer 
Products Inc 
Reynolds Consumer Products Inc. manufactures 
and distributes household packaging products. 
The company offers preparation, cooking, 
cleanup, and storage solutions such as aluminum 
foils, plastic wrap, oven bags, and slow cooker 
liners. Reynolds Consumer Products serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Reynolds Consumer Products Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Reynolds Consumer Products Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Reynolds Consumer Products Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Reynolds Consumer Products Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short RH Index 
-1 
Short 
RH 
RH distributes home furnishing products. The 
company offers products such as furniture, 
lighting, textiles, bathware, decor, outdoor, and 
garden, as well as baby and child products. RH 
distributes its products through retail stores, 
catalogs, and websites. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short RH Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short RH Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long RH Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long RH Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rheinmetall AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Rheinmetall AG 
Rheinmetall AG is an automotive, electronics, 
defense, and engineering group. The company 
produces automotive pumps and components to 
supply air, reduce emissions, and supply fuel, 
pistons for gasoline and diesel vehicle and 
stationary engines, bearings for engines and other 
applications and aluminum engine blocks, and 
offers aftermarket service to engine repair shops. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rheinmetall AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rheinmetall AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rheinmetall AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rheinmetall AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ribbon Communications Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Ribbon Communications 
Inc 
Ribbon Communications Inc. develops 
communication software. The company provides 
session border controllers, diameter signals, policy 
and routing servers, media and signaling 
gateways, cloud, and mobility solutions. Ribbon 
Communications serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ribbon Communications Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ribbon Communications Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ribbon Communications Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ribbon Communications Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rightmove PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Rightmove PLC 
Rightmove PLC operates a website that lists 
properties across Britain. The company also 
publishes the House Price Index, which shows 
changes in house prices both annually and 
monthly and provides a view on the current state 
of the property market in England and Wales. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rightmove PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rightmove PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rightmove PLC Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 308 ---
308 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rightmove PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rimini Street Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Rimini Street Inc 
Rimini Street, Inc. provides enterprise software 
support services. The company offers support 
services program features such as product and 
security support, risk avoidance, technology 
support, innovation and roadmap, account 
management, and archiving services, as well as 
global tax, legal, and regulatory update services. 
Rimini Street serves education and public sector 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rimini Street Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rimini Street Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rimini Street Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rimini Street Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short RingCentral Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
RingCentral Inc 
RingCentral, Inc. operates as a provider of 
software-as-a-service solutions for business 
communications. The company offers a multi-user 
and enterprise-grade communications solution 
that enables customers and their employees to 
communicate via voice, text, HD video and web 
conferencing, and fax on multiple devices, 
including smartphones, tablets, and computers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short RingCentral Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short RingCentral Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long RingCentral Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long RingCentral Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ringkjoebing Landbobank A/S 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Ringkjoebing Landbobank 
A/S 
Ringkjoebing Landbobank Aktieselskab is a 
regional bank providing banking services through 
branches in West Jutland.  The bank attracts 
deposits and grants loans and mortgages to local 
farms, companies, and individuals, and specializes 
in financing wind turbine businesses.  Landbobank 
offers insurance and pension products, financial 
consulting, and Internet banking services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ringkjoebing Landbobank A/S 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ringkjoebing Landbobank A/S 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ringkjoebing Landbobank A/S 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ringkjoebing Landbobank A/S 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rio Tinto PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Rio Tinto PLC 
Rio Tinto PLC operates as a mining company. The 
company focuses on mining for aluminum, 
borates, copper, gold, iron ore, lead, silver, tin, 
uranium, zinc, titanium dioxide feedstock, 
diamonds, salt, and zircon. Rio Tinto serves clients 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rio Tinto PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rio Tinto PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rio Tinto PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rio Tinto PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Riot Blockchain Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Riot Blockchain Inc 
Riot Blockchain, Inc. operates as a digital currency 
company. The company focuses on buying 
cryptocurrency and blockchain businesses, as well 
as supports blockchain technology companies. 
Riot Blockchain serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Riot Blockchain Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Riot Blockchain Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Riot Blockchain Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Riot Blockchain Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rivian Automotive Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Rivian Automotive Inc 
Rivian Automotive, Inc. is an automotive 
technology company. The company designs and 
manufactures vans, trucks, and sports utility 
vehicles, as well as offers repair and maintenance 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rivian Automotive Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rivian Automotive Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 309 ---
309 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rivian Automotive Inc Index 
2 
Long 
services. Rivian Automotive serves customers in 
North America and the United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rivian Automotive Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Robert Half International Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Robert Half International 
Inc 
Robert Half International, Inc. provides temporary 
and permanent staffing services. The company 
supplies temporary, full-time, and senior-level 
project professionals for accounting, finance, 
office, administrative support, information 
technology, legal support, marketing, advertising, 
and public relations sectors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Robert Half International Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Robert Half International Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Robert Half International Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Robert Half International Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Robinhood Markets Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Robinhood Markets Inc 
Robinhood Markets, Inc. operates a financial 
services platform. The company offers brokerage 
and cash management applications such as stocks, 
exchange-traded funds, options, and 
cryptocurrency. Robinhood Markets serves clients 
in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Robinhood Markets Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Robinhood Markets Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Robinhood Markets Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Robinhood Markets Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ROBLOX Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
ROBLOX Corp 
Roblox Corporation provides entertainment 
products and services. The company designs and 
develops a wide range of online games such as 
internet three-dimensional and tutorial games for 
kids, teens, and adults. Roblox serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ROBLOX Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ROBLOX Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ROBLOX Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ROBLOX Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Roche Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Roche Holding AG 
Roche Holding AG develops and manufactures 
pharmaceutical and diagnostic products. The 
company produces prescription drugs in the areas 
of cardiovascular, infectious, autoimmune, 
respiratory diseases, dermatology, metabolic 
disorders, oncology, transplantation, and the 
central nervous system. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Roche Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Roche Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Roche Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Roche Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rocket Cos Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Rocket Cos Inc 
Rocket Companies, Inc. is a Michigan based 
holding company consisting of tech-driven real 
estate, mortgage and financial services businesses 
- including simple and fast digital solutions for 
complex personal transactions. Rocket Companies 
serves customers across the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rocket Cos Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rocket Cos Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rocket Cos Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rocket Cos Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rockwell Automation Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Rockwell Automation Inc 
Rockwell Automation, Inc. produces industrial 
automation products. The company offers 
products such as control systems, motor control 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rockwell Automation Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 310 ---
310 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rockwell Automation Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
devices, sensors, and industrial control panels. 
Rockwell Automation markets its products 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rockwell Automation Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rockwell Automation Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ROCKWOOL International A/S 
Index 
-1 
Short 
ROCKWOOL International 
A/S 
Rockwool International A/S develops and 
produces stone wool, a fiber made from melted 
volcanic rock, and stone-wool-based products 
such as insulation and fire protection and noise 
and vibration control products.  The company's 
products line also includes acoustic ceilings, 
facade panels, and horticultural substrates.  
Rockwool produces in several countries and sells 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ROCKWOOL International A/S 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ROCKWOOL International A/S 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ROCKWOOL International A/S 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ROCKWOOL International A/S 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rogers Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Rogers Corp 
Rogers Corporation manufactures and markets 
specialty materials and components for 
applications in the communications, computer, 
imaging, consumer, and transportation markets. 
The company's products include elastomers, high 
frequency circuit materials, flexible circuit 
materials, molding materials, and composite 
materials. Rogers sells its products around the 
world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rogers Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rogers Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rogers Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rogers Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Roku Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Roku Inc 
Roku, Inc. designs and manufactures consumer 
electronic products. The company offers wireless 
enabled devices that stream audio and video 
content from the internet to home entertainment 
systems. Roku serves customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Roku Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Roku Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Roku Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Roku Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rollins Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Rollins Inc 
Rollins, Inc., operates as a holding company. The 
company, through its subsidiary, provides 
essential pest control services, including 
protection against termite damage, rodents, and 
insects. Rollins serves customers in the United 
States, Canada, and Mexico. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rollins Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rollins Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rollins Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rollins Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC 
Rolls-Royce Holdings plc manufactures aero, 
marine, and industrial gas turbines for civil and 
military aircraft. The company designs, constructs, 
and installs power generation, transmission, and 
distribution systems and equipment for the 
marine propulsion, oil and gas pumping, and 
defense markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Roper Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short Roper Technologies Inc

--- Page 311 ---
311 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Roper Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Roper Technologies, Inc. manufactures and 
distributes industrial equipment. The company 
offers industrial controls, fluid handling, pumps, 
medical and scientific devices, analytical 
instrumentation products, radio frequency 
identification (RFID) communication technology, 
and software solutions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Roper Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Roper Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Roper Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ross Stores Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ross Stores Inc 
Ross Stores, Inc. operates two brands of off-price 
retail apparel and home accessories stores. Ross 
Stores offers name brand and designer apparel, 
accessories, footwear, and home fashions at 
discount prices. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ross Stores Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ross Stores Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ross Stores Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ross Stores Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rotork PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Rotork PLC 
Rotork plc is a holding company.  The group 
provides actuation solutions through the design, 
manufacture and support of actuators, systems 
and related products to the valve industry.  The 
main business operations are: Process Control, 
Electric, Fluid Systems and Gears.  Rotork operates 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rotork PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rotork PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rotork PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rotork PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Royal Caribbean Cruises 
Ltd 
Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. operates as a global 
cruise company operating a fleet of vessels in the 
cruise vacation industries. The company operates 
through brands which primarily serve the 
contemporary, premium, and deluxe segments of 
the cruise vacation industry which also includes 
the budget and luxury segments. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Royal Gold Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Royal Gold Inc 
Royal Gold, Inc. is a precious metals stream and 
royalty company engaged in the acquisition and 
management of precious metal streams, royalties, 
and other similar production-based interests. The 
company focuses on producing, development, 
evaluation, and exploration stage streams and 
royalties located in prolific gold regions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Royal Gold Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Royal Gold Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Royal Gold Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Royal Gold Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Royal Mail PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Royal Mail PLC 
Royal Mail plc provides postal and delivery 
services. The company offers its services in the 
United Kingdom as well as parts of continental 
Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Royal Mail PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Royal Mail PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Royal Mail PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Royal Mail PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Royal Mail PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Royal Mail PLC 
Royal Mail plc provides postal and delivery 
services. The company offers its services in the 
United Kingdom as well as parts of continental 
Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Royal Mail PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Royal Mail PLC Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 312 ---
312 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Royal Mail PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Royal Mail PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Royal Unibrew A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
Royal Unibrew A/S 
Royal Unibrew A/S  produces beer, ale, and soft 
drinks. The company produces beer, soft drinks, 
orange juice, and mineral water. Unibrew 
distributes its products throughout Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Royal Unibrew A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Royal Unibrew A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Royal Unibrew A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Royal Unibrew A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Royalty Pharma PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Royalty Pharma PLC 
Royalty Pharma plc acquires biopharmaceutical 
royalties. The company funds innovation directly 
when it partners with companies to co-fund late-
stage clinical trials and new product launches in 
exchange for future royalties, and indirectly when 
it acquires existing royalties from the original 
innovators. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Royalty Pharma PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Royalty Pharma PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Royalty Pharma PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Royalty Pharma PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short RPM International Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
RPM International Inc 
RPM International, Inc. manufactures, markets, 
and sells various specialty chemical product lines. 
The company's product lines include specialty 
paints, protective coatings and roofing systems, 
sealants and adhesives, focusing on the 
maintenance needs of both the industrial and 
consumer markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short RPM International Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short RPM International Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long RPM International Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long RPM International Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Rubis SCA Index 
-1 
Short 
Rubis SCA 
Rubis distributes a wide range of energy solutions. 
The company offers domestic, marine, aviation 
fuel, and liquified gas (LPG) to retail and B2B 
customers, as well as controls the logistics behind 
the distribution, trading-supply and shipping 
operations. Rubis serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Rubis SCA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Rubis SCA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Rubis SCA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Rubis SCA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short RWE AG Index 
-1 
Short 
RWE AG 
RWE Aktiengesellschaft is a globally active energy 
company. The company generates and trades 
electricity. RWE has a capacity of about 10 
gigawatts based on renewable sources, as well as 
gas fleet and an internationally active energy 
trading business. RWE serves clients in Europe, 
Asia-Pacific, and the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short RWE AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short RWE AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long RWE AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long RWE AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ryanair Holdings PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Ryanair Holdings PLC 
Ryanair Holdings plc provides low fare passenger 
airline services to destinations in Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ryanair Holdings PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ryanair Holdings PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ryanair Holdings PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ryanair Holdings PLC Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 313 ---
313 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ryder System Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ryder System Inc 
Ryder System, Inc. provides a continuum of 
logistics, supply chain, and transportation 
management solutions worldwide. The company's 
offerings range from full-service leasing, 
commercial rental and maintenance of vehicles to 
integrated services. The Company also offers 
comprehensive supply chain solutions, logistics 
management services, and e-Commerce solutions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ryder System Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ryder System Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ryder System Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ryder System Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short S&P Global Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
S&P Global Inc 
S&P Global Inc. provides clients with financial 
information services. The company offers 
information regarding ratings, benchmarks, and 
analytics in the global capital and commodity 
markets. S&P Global operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short S&P Global Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short S&P Global Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long S&P Global Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long S&P Global Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short S4 Capital PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
S4 Capital PLC 
S4 Capital PLC operates as a media company. The 
company provides digital advertising and 
marketing services. S4 Capital serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short S4 Capital PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short S4 Capital PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long S4 Capital PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long S4 Capital PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sabre Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Sabre Corp 
Sabre Corporation provides technology solutions 
to the global travel and tourism industry. The 
company offers tours and travel services, as well 
as online reservations for airlines, hotels, cruises, 
car rental companies, and vacation packages. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sabre Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sabre Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sabre Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sabre Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Safestore Holdings PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Safestore Holdings PLC Safestore Holdings PLC. owns and operates self 
storage facilities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Safestore Holdings PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Safestore Holdings PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Safestore Holdings PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Safestore Holdings PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Safran SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Safran SA 
Safran supplies aerospace and defense systems 
and equipment. The company sells engines for 
airplanes and helicopter, launch vehicles, landing 
and braking systems, nacelles, onboard electrical 
systems, optronics, avionics, launcher propulsion, 
biometric equipment, explosives detection, and 
trace analysis systems. Safran serves aviation and 
defense industries worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Safran SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Safran SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Safran SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Safran SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sagax AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Sagax AB 
AB Sagax acquires, develops, and manages 
properties and real estate companies. The 
company focuses on light industrial buildings and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sagax AB Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 314 ---
314 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sagax AB Index 
-3 
Short 
properties for warehousing located in the greater 
Stockholm area. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sagax AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sagax AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sage Group PLC/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Sage Group PLC/The 
The Sage Group plc is a software publishing 
company. The group develops, publishes, and 
distributes accounting and payroll software for 
personal computer systems. Via its subsidiaries, 
Sage also maintains a registered user database 
which provides a market for their related products 
and services, including computer forms, software 
support contracts, program upgrades, and 
training. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sage Group PLC/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sage Group PLC/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sage Group PLC/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sage Group PLC/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sage Therapeutics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Sage Therapeutics Inc 
Sage Therapeutics, Inc. develops treatments for 
central nervous system disorders. The company 
provides treatments for schizophrenia, major 
depressive disorder, pain, and traumatic brain 
injury conditions. Sage Therapeutics operates in 
the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sage Therapeutics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sage Therapeutics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sage Therapeutics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sage Therapeutics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sailpoint Technologies Holding 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Sailpoint Technologies 
Holding 
SailPoint Technologies Holdings, Inc. operates as a 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, offers enterprise identity governance 
solutions. SailPoint Technologies Holdings 
empowers customers to securely govern the 
digital identities of employees, contractors, 
business partners, and other users to manage 
their constantly changing access rights to 
enterprise. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sailpoint Technologies Holding 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sailpoint Technologies Holding 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sailpoint Technologies Holding 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sailpoint Technologies Holding 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short salesforce.com Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
salesforce.com Inc 
SALESFORCE.COM, INC. designs and develops 
enterprise software. The company supplies a 
customer relationship management service to 
businesses providing a technology platform for 
customers and developers to build and run 
business applications, as well as manage their 
customer, sales, and operational data. 
SALESFORCE.COM serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short salesforce.com Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short salesforce.com Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long salesforce.com Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long salesforce.com Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Salmar ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
Salmar ASA 
Salmar ASA operates fisheries that produce 
salmon. The company focuses on the sea farming, 
processing, and trade of numerous kinds of fish 
and shellfish. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Salmar ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Salmar ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Salmar ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Salmar ASA Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 315 ---
315 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Samhallsbyggnadsbolaget i Nord 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Samhallsbyggnadsbolaget 
i Nord 
Samhallsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden AB operates as 
a real estate company. The company owns, 
develops, and manages real estate properties. 
Samhallsbyggnadsbolaget i Norden serves 
customers in Sweden. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Samhallsbyggnadsbolaget i Nord 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Samhallsbyggnadsbolaget i Nord 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Samhallsbyggnadsbolaget i Nord 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Samhallsbyggnadsbolaget i Nord 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sampo Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Sampo Oyj 
Sampo Oyj operates as a holding company. The 
company, through its subsidiaries, provides 
commercial and private property and casualty 
insurance products in the Nordics and the Baltics, 
as well as life insurance products in Finland and 
the Baltics. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sampo Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sampo Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sampo Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sampo Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sandvik AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Sandvik AB 
Sandvik AB is a high-technology engineering 
group. The company develops, manufactures, and 
markets tools for metalworking applications, 
machinery and tools for rock excavation, stainless 
steel products, special alloys, and resistance 
heating materials and process systems. Sandvik 
markets to industrial companies throughout the 
world, and tools can also be purchased online. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sandvik AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sandvik AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sandvik AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sandvik AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sanmina Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Sanmina Corp 
Sanmina Corporation provides electronics contract 
manufacturing services to customers located 
around the world. The company offers its 
customers expertise in new product introduction, 
manufacturing, and design and fabrication of 
complex interconnect products. Sanmina 
Corporation specializes in circuit fabrication, 
system assembly, integration, and high-end 
enclosures and cabling. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sanmina Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sanmina Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sanmina Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sanmina Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sanofi Index 
-1 
Short 
Sanofi 
Sanofi operates as a pharmaceutical company. The 
company manufactures prescription 
pharmaceuticals and vaccines. Sanofi also 
develops cardiovascular, thrombosis, metabolic 
disorder, central nervous system, and oncology 
medicines and drugs. Sanofi serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sanofi Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sanofi Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sanofi Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sanofi Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SAP SE Index 
-1 
Short 
SAP SE 
SAP SE is a multinational software company. The 
company develops business software, including e-
business and enterprise management software, 
consults on organizational usage of its applications 
software, and provides training services. SAP 
markets its products and services worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SAP SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SAP SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SAP SE Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 316 ---
316 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SAP SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sarepta Therapeutics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Sarepta Therapeutics Inc 
Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical 
company focused on the discovery and 
development of unique RNA-based therapeutics 
for the treatment of both rare and infectious 
diseases. The company offers its products to the 
medical industry in countries around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sarepta Therapeutics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sarepta Therapeutics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sarepta Therapeutics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sarepta Therapeutics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sartorius AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Sartorius AG 
Sartorius AG manufactures and markets precision 
electronic equipment and components.  The 
company produces precision scales for laboratory 
and industrial uses and electrochemistry.  
Sartorius manufactures equipment for 
biomolecular and microbial separations, cell 
culture, concentration, fermentation, and 
purification.  The company markets its products 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sartorius AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sartorius AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sartorius AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sartorius AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sartorius Stedim Biotech Index 
-1 
Short 
Sartorius Stedim Biotech 
Sartorius Stedim Biotech develops and 
manufactures laboratory technologies and 
equipment for the pharma and food industries, as 
well as for public research institutes and 
laboratories. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sartorius Stedim Biotech Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sartorius Stedim Biotech Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sartorius Stedim Biotech Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sartorius Stedim Biotech Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SBA Communications Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
SBA Communications 
Corp 
SBA Communications Corporation owns and 
operates wireless communications infrastructure 
in the United States. The company offers site 
leasing and development, construction, and 
consulting services. SBA Communications leases 
antenna space on its multi-tenant towers to a 
variety of wireless service providers under long-
term lease contracts. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SBA Communications Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SBA Communications Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SBA Communications Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SBA Communications Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ScanSource Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ScanSource Inc 
ScanSource, Inc. is a value-added wholesale 
distributor of specialty technology products to the 
reseller market. The company provides automatic 
identification and point-of-sale products, as well 
as telephony and computer telephony integration 
products. ScanSource distributes its products in 
the United States and internationally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ScanSource Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ScanSource Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ScanSource Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ScanSource Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Schibsted ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
Schibsted ASA 
Schibsted ASA, through its subsidiaries, provides 
online classified services. The company also owns 
and operates media houses with print and online 
positions. Schibsted operates in Europe and other 
international markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Schibsted ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Schibsted ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Schibsted ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Schibsted ASA Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 317 ---
317 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Schindler Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Schindler Holding AG 
Schindler Holding AG manufactures and installs 
elevators, escalators, and moving walkways 
internationally.  The company's products are used 
in airports, subway stations, railroad terminals, 
shopping centers, cruise ships, hotels, and office 
buildings.  Schindler also offers maintenance 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Schindler Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Schindler Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Schindler Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Schindler Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Schlumberger NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Schlumberger NV 
Schlumberger N.V. also known as Schlumberger 
Limited is an oil services company. The company, 
through its subsidiaries, provides a wide range of 
services, including technology, project 
management, and information solutions to the 
international petroleum industry as well as 
advanced acquisition and data processing surveys. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Schlumberger NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Schlumberger NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Schlumberger NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Schlumberger NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Schneider Electric SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Schneider Electric SE 
Schneider Electric SE manufactures electrical 
power products. The company offers car chargers, 
home security goods, light switches, access 
control, sensors, valves, circuit breakers, cables, 
accessories, signaling devices, fuse, motor 
starters, and voltage transformers. Schneider 
Electric serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Schneider Electric SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Schneider Electric SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Schneider Electric SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Schneider Electric SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Schneider National Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Schneider National Inc 
Schneider National, Inc. operates as a 
transportation and logistics services company. The 
company offers a broad portfolio of premier 
truckload, intermodal, and logistics solutions, as 
well as manages hire trucking fleets in North 
America. Schneider National provides asset-based 
truckload services with asset-light intermodal and 
non-asset logistics offerings. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Schneider National Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Schneider National Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Schneider National Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Schneider National Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Schroders PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Schroders PLC 
Schroders plc is an international asset 
management group. The group manages funds 
across all asset categories, including equities, 
bonds, cash, and alternative investments and 
venture capital. Schroders serves charities, 
insurance companies, public authorities, pension 
funds, and unit trust holders. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Schroders PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Schroders PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Schroders PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Schroders PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Science Applications Internati 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Science Applications 
Internati 
Science Applications International Corp provides 
consulting services. The company offers scientific, 
engineering, and technology applications and 
solutions to solve problems. Science Applications 
International serves security, energy, 
environmental, health, and infrastructure markets 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Science Applications Internati 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Science Applications Internati 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Science Applications Internati 
Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 318 ---
318 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Science Applications Internati 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SCOR SE Index 
-1 
Short 
SCOR SE 
SCOR SE offers life, accident, property/casualty, 
health, and special needs reinsurance.  The 
company offers services through subsidiaries in 
Europe, the Americas, Asia, and Africa.  SCOR also 
holds real estate investments. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SCOR SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SCOR SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SCOR SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SCOR SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Scotts Miracle-Gro Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Scotts Miracle-Gro 
Co/The 
The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company markets branded 
consumer lawn and garden products, as well as a 
full range of products for professional 
horticulture. The company manufactures and 
markets fertilizers, pest controls, plant foods, 
gardening soils, grass seed, and other products in 
North America and Europe. Scotts Miracle-Gro 
also provides lawn service in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Scotts Miracle-Gro Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Scotts Miracle-Gro Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Scotts Miracle-Gro Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Scotts Miracle-Gro Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Scout24 SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Scout24 SE 
Scout24 SE operates as a digital company. The 
company offers an online platform for renting, 
buying, and selling of residential and commercial 
real estate properties. Scout24 serves clients in 
Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Scout24 SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Scout24 SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Scout24 SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Scout24 SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sea Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Sea Ltd 
Sea Limited offers information technology 
services. The company provides online personal 
computer and mobile digital content, e-
commerce, and payment platforms. Sea serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sea Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sea Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sea Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sea Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Seaboard Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Seaboard Corp 
Seaboard Corporation is a diversified international 
agribusiness and transportation company that 
primarily produces and processes domestic pork 
and ships cargo. The company also merchandises 
commodities, mills flour and feed, farms produce, 
produces sugar, and generates electric power 
overseas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Seaboard Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Seaboard Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Seaboard Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Seaboard Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Seagate Technology Holdings PL 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Seagate Technology 
Holdings PL 
Seagate Technology Holdings Public Limited 
Company offers computer hardware products. The 
company designs, manufactures, and markets 
hard disk drives for enterprise applications, client 
compute applications, client non-compute 
applications, personal data backup systems, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Seagate Technology Holdings PL 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Seagate Technology Holdings PL 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 319 ---
319 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Seagate Technology Holdings PL 
Index 
2 
Long 
portable external storage systems and digital 
media systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Seagate Technology Holdings PL 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Seagen Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Seagen Inc 
Seagen Inc. operates as a biotechnology company. 
The company discovers and develops monoclonal 
antibody-based drugs to treat cancer and related 
diseases, as well as offers antibody-drug conjugate 
technology designed to deliver cell-killing agents 
directly to tumor cells. Seagen serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Seagen Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Seagen Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Seagen Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Seagen Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sealed Air Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Sealed Air Corp 
Sealed Air Corporation manufactures packaging 
and performance-based materials and equipment 
systems that serve food, industrial, medical, and 
consumer applications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sealed Air Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sealed Air Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sealed Air Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sealed Air Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SEB SA Index 
-1 
Short 
SEB SA 
SEB S.A. manufactures small household 
appliances.  The company produces cookware, 
electric cookers, food and beverage preparation 
equipment, vacuum cleaners, and personal care 
items. SEB's products are sold globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SEB SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SEB SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SEB SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SEB SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sectra AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Sectra AB 
Sectra AB develops and sells medical and 
communication systems.  The company provides 
diagnostic imaging products including systems for 
film-free radiology, mammography, and 
orthopedics, as well as mobile communication and 
encryption equipment for telecom and data lines.  
Sectra sells to customers in Europe and the Unted 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sectra AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sectra AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sectra AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sectra AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SecureWorks Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
SecureWorks Corp 
SecureWorks Corp. provides intelligence-driven 
information security solutions. The company 
offers advance threat and critical asset protection, 
compliance and cybersecurity risk management, 
and security operations services. SecureWorks 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SecureWorks Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SecureWorks Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SecureWorks Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SecureWorks Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Securitas AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Securitas AB 
Securitas AB sells products and services for the 
protection of homes, work places, and 
community. The company's services include 
specialized guarding and mobile services, 
monitoring, and consulting and investigations. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Securitas AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Securitas AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Securitas AB Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 320 ---
320 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Securitas AB Index 
3 
Long 
Securitas operates in Europe, North and South 
America, the Middle East, and Asia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Segro PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Segro PLC 
SEGRO plc is a property investment and 
development company. The company provides 
flexible business space across Europe with offices, 
light industrial, logistics, warehouses and data 
center properties. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Segro PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Segro PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Segro PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Segro PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SEI Investments Co Index 
-1 
Short 
SEI Investments Co 
SEI Investments Company provides global 
investment solutions and business solutions. The 
company integrates technology, research, 
information services, financial products, and asset 
management advice to serve banks, mutual fund 
and pension plan sponsors, insurance companies, 
money managers, and individual investors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SEI Investments Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SEI Investments Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SEI Investments Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SEI Investments Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sempra Energy Index 
-1 
Short 
Sempra Energy 
Sempra Energy operates as an energy 
infrastructure company. The company focuses on 
delivering sustainable energy to consumers, as 
well as invests in, develops, and operates 
transmission and distribution infrastructure in 
North America including California, Texas, Mexico, 
and the LNG export market. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sempra Energy Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sempra Energy Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sempra Energy Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sempra Energy Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Semtech Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Semtech Corp 
Semtech Corporation designs, manufactures, and 
markets a wide range of analog and mixed-signal 
semiconductors, including integrated circuits, 
discrete circuits, and assembly products. The 
company's devices are used in computer, 
communications, industrial, military-aerospace, 
and automotive applications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Semtech Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Semtech Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Semtech Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Semtech Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sensata Technologies Holding P 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Sensata Technologies 
Holding P 
Sensata Technologies Holding plc manufactures 
and distributes electronic components. The 
company offers automotive sensors, motor 
protectors, circuit breakers, thermostats, pressure 
sensors, and switches. Sensata Technologies 
Holding serves energy, aerospace, agriculture, 
automotive, and construction industries 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sensata Technologies Holding P 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sensata Technologies Holding P 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sensata Technologies Holding P 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sensata Technologies Holding P 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SentinelOne Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
SentinelOne Inc 
SentinelOne, Inc. operates as a software company. 
The company develops security platforms to 
protect organizations against advanced threats 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SentinelOne Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SentinelOne Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 321 ---
321 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SentinelOne Inc Index 
2 
Long 
and nation state malware. SentinelOne serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SentinelOne Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Service Corp International/US 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Service Corp 
International/US 
Service Corporation International provides death 
care services worldwide. The company operates 
funeral service locations, cemeteries, and 
crematoria. Service also sells prearranged funeral 
services in most of its service markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Service Corp International/US 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Service Corp International/US 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Service Corp International/US 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Service Corp International/US 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short ServiceNow Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
ServiceNow Inc 
ServiceNow, Inc. provides enterprise information 
technology (IT) management software. The 
company designs, develops, and produces 
prepackaged computer software, cloud services, 
and IT service management platform. ServiceNow 
serves customers throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short ServiceNow Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short ServiceNow Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long ServiceNow Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long ServiceNow Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SES SA Index 
-1 
Short 
SES SA 
SES SA through subsidiaries, offers global satellite 
broadband communications services.  The 
company offers feeds for cable television 
networks, Internet access, corporate networks, 
network facilities, telecommunications services, 
and audiovisual broadcasting. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SES SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SES SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SES SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SES SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Severn Trent PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Severn Trent PLC 
Severn Trent Plc supplies water, waste, and utility 
services throughout the United Kingdom, Europe, 
and the United States. The company offers a range 
of water purification, sewage treatment and 
disposal, and recycling services. Severn Trent also 
provides utility companies with a range of 
information technology and software solutions, as 
well as engineering consultancy services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Severn Trent PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Severn Trent PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Severn Trent PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Severn Trent PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SGS SA Index 
-1 
Short 
SGS SA 
SGS SA provides industrial inspection, analysis, 
testing, and verification services. The company 
inspects, samples, analyzes, and monitors raw 
materials, petroleum, food, crops, chemicals, 
consumer goods, and production machinery for 
compliance with industrial standards and local 
regulatory requirements, including tax and duty. 
SGS serves business worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SGS SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SGS SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SGS SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SGS SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Shell PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Shell PLC 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Shell PLC Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 322 ---
322 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Shell PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Shell PLC explores and refines petroleum 
products. The company produces fuels, chemicals, 
and lubricants. Shell serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Shell PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Shell PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sherwin-Williams Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Sherwin-Williams Co/The 
The Sherwin-Williams Company manufactures, 
distributes, and sells paints, coatings, and related 
products. The company's products are sold to 
professional, industrial, commercial, and retail 
customers primarily in North and South America. 
Sherwin Williams also has additional operations in 
the Caribbean region, Europe, and Asia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sherwin-Williams Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sherwin-Williams Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sherwin-Williams Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sherwin-Williams Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Shift4 Payments Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Shift4 Payments Inc 
Shift4 Payments, Inc. provides payment processing 
solutions. The company offers software for 
transaction and money transfer activities. Shift4 
Payments serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Shift4 Payments Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Shift4 Payments Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Shift4 Payments Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Shift4 Payments Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Shoals Technologies Group Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Shoals Technologies 
Group Inc 
Shoals Technologies Group, Inc. provides electrical 
balance of system for solar energy projects. The 
company offers custom harness solutions, 
combiner boxes, junction boxes, PV wire, in-line 
fuses, racking, and string level monitoring 
solutions. Shoals Technologies Group serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Shoals Technologies Group Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Shoals Technologies Group Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Shoals Technologies Group Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Shoals Technologies Group Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Shopify Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Shopify Inc 
Shopify Inc. provides a cloud-based commerce 
platform. The company offers a platform for 
merchants to create an omni-channel experience 
that helps showcase the merchant's brand. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Shopify Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Shopify Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Shopify Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Shopify Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Siegfried Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Siegfried Holding AG 
Siegfried Holding AG provides development 
services and the production of active 
pharmaceutical ingredients (API), intermediates, 
controlled and standard substances, and complex 
formulations. The company offers its services to 
the life sciences field worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Siegfried Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Siegfried Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Siegfried Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Siegfried Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Siemens AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Siemens AG

--- Page 323 ---
323 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Siemens AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Siemens AG is an engineering and manufacturing 
company. The company focuses on areas of 
electrification, automation, and digitalization. 
Siemens also provides engineering solutions in 
automation and control, power, transportation, 
and medical diagnosis. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Siemens AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Siemens AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Siemens AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Siemens Energy AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Siemens Energy AG 
Siemens Energy AG operates as a renewable 
energy company. The company offers power 
generation and transmission, technical 
consultancy, and operation and maintenance 
services. Siemens Energy serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Siemens Energy AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Siemens Energy AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Siemens Energy AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Siemens Energy AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Siemens Gamesa Renewable 
Energ Index 
-1 
Short 
Siemens Gamesa 
Renewable Energ 
Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy, S.A. designs 
and manufactures renewable energy equipment. 
The company offers wind turbines, turbine 
gearboxes, offgrid, and other related equipment, 
as well as provides maintenance and 
reconditioning services. Siemens Gamesa 
Renewable Energy serves industrial facility 
management, automotive industry, and new 
technology development worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Siemens Gamesa Renewable 
Energ Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Siemens Gamesa Renewable 
Energ Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Siemens Gamesa Renewable 
Energ Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Siemens Gamesa Renewable 
Energ Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Siemens Healthineers AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Siemens Healthineers AG 
Siemens Healthineers AG operates as a medical 
technology company. The company provides 
medical imaging, laboratory diagnostics, point-of-
care testing, digital ecosystem, and reading 
solutions for health care applications. Siemens 
Healthineers offers its services worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Siemens Healthineers AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Siemens Healthineers AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Siemens Healthineers AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Siemens Healthineers AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SIG Combibloc Group AG Index 
-1 
Short 
SIG Combibloc Group AG 
SIG Combibloc Group AG operates as a systems 
and solutions provider for aseptic packaging. The 
company offers packaging solutions for food and 
beverages companies, as well as provides spare 
parts, maintenance, training, digital, and other 
related services. SIG Combibloc Group serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SIG Combibloc Group AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SIG Combibloc Group AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SIG Combibloc Group AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SIG Combibloc Group AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Signature Bank/New York NY 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Signature Bank/New York 
NY 
Signature Bank is a full service commercial bank 
that serves privately owned business clients and 
their owners and senior managers. The bank 
offers business and personal banking products and 
services, as well as investment, brokerage, asset 
management, and insurance products through its 
subsidiary, Signature Securities Group Corp. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Signature Bank/New York NY 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Signature Bank/New York NY 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 324 ---
324 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Signature Bank/New York NY 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Signature Bank/New York NY 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Signify Health Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Signify Health Inc 
Signify Health, Inc. operates as a health care 
technology company. The company offers 
healthcare platform that leverages advanced 
analytics, technology, and nationwide healthcare 
provider networks to create and power value-
based payment programs. Signify Health serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Signify Health Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Signify Health Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Signify Health Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Signify Health Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Signify NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Signify NV 
Signify N.V. operates as a light manufacturing 
company. The company offers lamps, luminaires, 
and lighting electronics. Signify serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Signify NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Signify NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Signify NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Signify NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sika AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Sika AG 
Sika AG manufactures construction materials. The 
company produces concrete and mixtures, mortar, 
sealants and adhesives, tooling resins, anti-static 
industrial flooring, and acoustic materials. Sika 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sika AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sika AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sika AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sika AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Silgan Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Silgan Holdings Inc 
Silgan Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries 
manufacture consumer goods packaging products. 
The company currently produces steel and 
aluminum containers for human and pet food and 
custom designed plastic containers for various 
markets, plastic closures, caps, thermoformed 
plastic tubs, and specialty packaging items. Silgan 
markets its products in North America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Silgan Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Silgan Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Silgan Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Silgan Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Silicon Laboratories Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Silicon Laboratories Inc 
Silicon Laboratories Inc. operates as a 
semiconductor company. The company designs, 
develops, and markets mixed-signal integrated 
circuits, microcontrollers, wireless connectivity 
devices, and sensor products. Silicon Laboratories 
offers solutions for automotive, retail, 
entertainment, and data center sectors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Silicon Laboratories Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Silicon Laboratories Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Silicon Laboratories Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Silicon Laboratories Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SimCorp A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
SimCorp A/S 
SimCorp A/S is a global provider of highly 
specialised software for the investment 
management industry. The company's software 
covers virtually all investment management 
processes across the front, middle and back office. 
SimCorp's product is developed, sold, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SimCorp A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SimCorp A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SimCorp A/S Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 325 ---
325 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SimCorp A/S Index 
3 
Long 
implemented and supported by the head office in 
Copenhagen & subsidiaries in Europe N. America 
& Australasia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Simon Property Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Simon Property Group 
Inc 
Simon Property Group, Inc. is a self-administered 
and self-managed, real estate investment trust. 
The company owns, develops, and manages retail 
real estate properties including regional malls, 
outlet centers, community/lifestyle centers, and 
international properties. Simon Property Group 
serves customers in the State of Indiana. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Simon Property Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Simon Property Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Simon Property Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Simon Property Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sinch AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Sinch AB 
Sinch AB develops cloud communication platform. 
The company offers personalized messaging, 
number masking, video calling, voicemail, and 
other related services. Sinch serves customers in 
Sweden. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sinch AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sinch AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sinch AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sinch AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sirius XM Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Sirius XM Holdings Inc 
Sirius XM Holdings Inc. broadcasts various 
channels of audio from its satellites. The company 
provides its services throughout the continental 
United States for a monthly subscription fee. Sirius 
delivers various streams of commercial-free music 
in every genre, as well as streams of news, sports, 
weather, talk, comedy, and public radio. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sirius XM Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sirius XM Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sirius XM Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sirius XM Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
SiteOne Landscape 
Supply Inc 
SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc. distributes 
landscape supplies. The company offers products 
such as outdoor lighting, fertilizers, grass seeds, 
turf care equipment, and golf course accessories. 
SiteOne Landscape Supply markets its products in 
the United States and Canada. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SiTime Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
SiTime Corp 
Sitime Corporation develops silicon-based timing 
solutions. The company manufacturers oscillators, 
clock generators, and embedded resonators used 
for ethernet switches, computing devices, 
graphics cards, disk drives, mobile phones, and 
subscriber identity module cards. Sitime serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SiTime Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SiTime Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SiTime Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SiTime Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Six Flags Entertainment Corp 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Six Flags Entertainment 
Corp 
Six Flags Entertainment Corporation operates 
regional theme parks across North America. The

--- Page 326 ---
326 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Six Flags Entertainment Corp 
Index 
-2 
Short 
company has parks comprised of theme, water, 
and zoological parks. The Parks offer rides, water 
attractions, themed areas, concerts, shows, 
restaurants, game venues, and retail outlets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Six Flags Entertainment Corp 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Six Flags Entertainment Corp 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Six Flags Entertainment Corp 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (SEB) is a North 
European financial banking group. The bank offers 
corporate, institutional, and private banking 
services including savings account, investment 
banking, securities brokerage services, loans, 
pensions, and insurance products. SEB has 
branches throughout Sweden, in Germany and the 
Baltic States, and is represented in many countries 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Skanska AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Skanska AB 
Skanska AB offers construction related and project 
development services. The company focuses on 
selected home markets in the Nordic region, other 
European countries, and North America. Skanska 
offers competitive solutions for both simple and 
complex assignments, helping to build a 
sustainable future for customers and 
communities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Skanska AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Skanska AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Skanska AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Skanska AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Skechers USA Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Skechers USA Inc 
Skechers U.S.A., Inc. designs and markets branded 
contemporary casual, active, rugged, and lifestyle 
footwear for men, women, and children. The 
company sells its products to department stores 
and specialty retailers. Skechers also sells its 
products internationally through distributors and 
directly to consumers through its own retail 
stores. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Skechers USA Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Skechers USA Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Skechers USA Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Skechers USA Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SKF AB Index 
-1 
Short 
SKF AB 
SKF AB develops, produces, and markets products, 
solutions, and services in the rolling bearing and 
seal business. The company's product line includes 
ball and roller bearings, specialty bearings, sealing 
systems, linear motion products, tools for 
mounting and dismounting bearings, and 
measuring and monitoring instruments. SKF 
markets to industrial companies worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SKF AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SKF AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SKF AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SKF AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Skillz Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Skillz Inc 
Skillz Inc. operates as a mobile games platform. 
The company helps developers build franchises by 
enabling social competition in their games, as well 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Skillz Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Skillz Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 327 ---
327 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Skillz Inc Index 
2 
Long 
as hosts casual esports tournaments for players. 
Skillz serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Skillz Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SkyWater Technology Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
SkyWater Technology Inc 
SkyWater Technology Inc. manufactures and 
distributes semiconductors devices. The company 
specializes in custom technology development 
services, volume manufacturing, and packaging, as 
well as supports customers in developing 
integrated circuits in various markets. SkyWater 
Technology serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SkyWater Technology Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SkyWater Technology Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SkyWater Technology Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SkyWater Technology Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Skyworks Solutions Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Skyworks Solutions Inc 
Skyworks Solutions, Inc. a wireless semiconductor 
company, designs and manufactures radio 
frequency and complete semiconductor system 
solutions for mobile communications applications. 
The company provides front-end modules, radio 
frequency subsystems, and system solutions to 
wireless handset and infrastructure customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Skyworks Solutions Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Skyworks Solutions Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Skyworks Solutions Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Skyworks Solutions Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SL Green Realty Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
SL Green Realty Corp 
SL Green Realty Corp. is a fully integrated, self-
administered, and self-managed real estate 
investment trust. The trust is exclusively focused 
on owning and operating office buildings in 
Manhattan. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SL Green Realty Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SL Green Realty Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SL Green Realty Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SL Green Realty Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SLM Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
SLM Corp 
SLM Corporation, commonly known as Sallie Mae, 
provides education funding, originating and 
servicing of U.S. government guaranteed and 
private student loans. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, also provides debt management 
services and business and technical products to a 
range of clients including colleges, universities, 
and loan guarantors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SLM Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SLM Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SLM Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SLM Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SMART Global Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
SMART Global Holdings 
Inc 
SMART Global Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides specialty memory solutions. SMART 
Global Holdings manufactures memory for 
desktops, notebooks, and servers, as well as 
mobile memory for smartphones. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SMART Global Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SMART Global Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SMART Global Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SMART Global Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Smartsheet Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Smartsheet Inc 
Smartsheet Inc. provides software solutions. The 
company offers cloud-based platform for work 
execution and management which enables teams 
and organizations to plan, capture, manage, 
automate, and improve business outcomes. 
Smartsheet serves customers in the State of 
Washington. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Smartsheet Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Smartsheet Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Smartsheet Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Smartsheet Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 328 ---
328 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Smith & Nephew PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Smith & Nephew PLC 
Smith & Nephew plc develops and markets 
advanced medical devices. The group is involved 
in orthopaedics, endoscopy, and advanced wound 
management. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Smith & Nephew PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Smith & Nephew PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Smith & Nephew PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Smith & Nephew PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Smiths Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Smiths Group PLC 
Smiths Group PLC provides products and services 
for the threat and contraband detection, medical 
devices, energy, and communications markets. 
The company is headquartered in the United 
Kingdom. Smiths Group serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Smiths Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Smiths Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Smiths Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Smiths Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Smurfit Kappa Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Smurfit Kappa Group PLC 
Smurfit Kappa Group PLC manufactures paper 
packaging products. The company offers container 
boards, corrugated containers, and other paper-
based packaging products. Smurfit Kappa Group 
serves clients globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Smurfit Kappa Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Smurfit Kappa Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Smurfit Kappa Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Smurfit Kappa Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Snam SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
Snam SpA 
Snam S.p.A. owns and operates Italy's natural-gas 
distribution network. The company transports gas 
on behalf of importers, distributors, and 
companies supplying Italian households. Snam 
owns a network of high-and medium-pressure 
pipes, including trunk lines connected to 
production and importation sites in Italy. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Snam SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Snam SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Snam SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Snam SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Snap-on Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Snap-on Inc 
Snap-on Incorporated develops, manufactures, 
and distributes tool and equipment solutions 
worldwide. The company's products include hand 
and power tools, diagnostics and shop equipment, 
tool storage products, diagnostics software, and 
other solutions for the automotive service 
industry. Customers include professional service 
technicians and motor service shop owners, 
among others. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Snap-on Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Snap-on Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Snap-on Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Snap-on Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Snowflake Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Snowflake Inc 
Snowflake Inc. provides software solutions. The 
company develops database architecture, data 
warehouses, query optimization, and 
parallelization solutions. Snowflake serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Snowflake Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Snowflake Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Snowflake Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Snowflake Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Societe Generale SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Societe Generale SA 
Societe Generale SA attracts deposits and offers 
commercial, retail, investment, and private 
banking services. The bank offers consumer credit, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Societe Generale SA Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 329 ---
329 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Societe Generale SA Index 
-3 
Short 
vehicle lease financing, information technology 
equipment leasing, life and non-life insurance, 
custodian services, trade and project financing, 
currency exchange, treasury services, and financial 
and commodities futures brokerage services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Societe Generale SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Societe Generale SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sodexo SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Sodexo SA 
Sodexo designs, manages, and delivers 
comprehensive on-site service solutions for its 
clients. The company offers fitness centers, 
landscaping, groundkeeping, healthcare, learning 
development, universities, events, energy 
resources, recognition programs, and food 
services. Sodexo serves customers in worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sodexo SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sodexo SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sodexo SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sodexo SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sofina SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Sofina SA 
Sofina SA is a holding company that invests in 
energy, finance, insurance, real estate, 
distribution, services companies and 
telecommunications.  The companies are of the 
European Union nations, the United States, 
Canada and the Far East. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sofina SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sofina SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sofina SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sofina SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Softcat PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Softcat PLC 
Softcat PLC provides information technology 
services. The company offers commodity sourcing, 
software licensing, e-procurement, unified 
communications, and managed services. Softcat 
serves customers in the United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Softcat PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Softcat PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Softcat PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Softcat PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Softcat PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Softcat PLC 
Softcat PLC provides information technology 
services. The company offers commodity sourcing, 
software licensing, e-procurement, unified 
communications, and managed services. Softcat 
serves customers in the United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Softcat PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Softcat PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Softcat PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Softcat PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SOITEC Index 
-1 
Short 
SOITEC 
SOITEC manufactures microelectronics and 
specialty electronics used in the production of 
semiconductors. The company uses its Smart Cut 
process to modify silicon to allow for more speed 
and less consumption of power. Soitec offers its 
products around the world to the energy, 
electronic, and solar energy industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SOITEC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SOITEC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SOITEC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SOITEC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SolarEdge Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
SolarEdge Technologies 
Inc 
SolarEdge Technologies Inc. provides solar power 
optimization and photovoltaic monitoring 
solutions. The company offers optimizers, 
inverters, monitoring equipment, tools, and 
accessories for power harvesting, conversion, and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SolarEdge Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SolarEdge Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SolarEdge Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 330 ---
330 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SolarEdge Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
efficiency. SolarEdge Technologies serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SolarWinds Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
SolarWinds Corp 
SolarWinds Corporation designs and develops 
information technology management software. 
The company offers solutions such as network 
performance monitoring, configuration, 
virtualization, database management, hosted logs, 
security, and configuration. SolarWinds serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SolarWinds Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SolarWinds Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SolarWinds Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SolarWinds Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Solvay SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Solvay SA 
Solvay SA manufactures chemicals and plastics. 
The Company produces soda ash, hydrogen 
peroxide, functional polymers, silica, surfactants, 
food and fragrance flavors, and other specialty 
polymers. Solvay offers its products to numerous 
industries, including the aerospace, alternative 
energy, automotive, chemical, construction, 
consumer goods, food and beverage, and oil and 
gas markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Solvay SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Solvay SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Solvay SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Solvay SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sonoco Products Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Sonoco Products Co 
Sonoco Products Company manufactures 
industrial and consumer packaging solutions for 
customers around the world. The company's 
products include flexible packaging, high density 
film products, and folding cartons. Sonoco 
Products also has an integrated network of global 
technology centers focused on materials science, 
packaging engineering, and process improvement. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sonoco Products Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sonoco Products Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sonoco Products Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sonoco Products Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sonova Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Sonova Holding AG 
Sonova Holding AG provides hearing care 
solutions. The company designs, develops, and 
manufactures hearing systems, such as wireless 
communication systems for audio applications and 
cochlear implant systems. Sonova serves patients 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sonova Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sonova Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sonova Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sonova Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sopra Steria Group SACA Index 
-1 
Short 
Sopra Steria Group SACA 
Sopra Steria Group provides IT services. The 
company offers strategic advice, analytics, cloud, 
data center, loT, networking, and security 
solutions. Sopra Steria Group serves aerospace, 
government, finance, insurance, energy, utilities, 
telecoms, travel, and transport sectors worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sopra Steria Group SACA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sopra Steria Group SACA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sopra Steria Group SACA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sopra Steria Group SACA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sotera Health Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Sotera Health Co 
Sotera Health Company provides health care 
services. The company offers integrated health 
and sterilization services with the scientific 
expertise of Nelson Labs, Nordion, and Sterigenics. 
Sotera Healt serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sotera Health Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sotera Health Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sotera Health Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sotera Health Co Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 331 ---
331 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Southern Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Southern Co/The 
The Southern Company is a public utility holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
generates, wholesales, and retails electricity in the 
southeastern United States. The Company also 
offers wireless telecommunications services, and 
provides businesses with two-way radio, 
telephone, paging, and internet access services, as 
well as wholesales fiber optic solutions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Southern Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Southern Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Southern Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Southern Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Southern Copper Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Southern Copper Corp 
Southern Copper Corporation conducts mining 
operations in Peru and Mexico. The company 
owns and operates open pit mines and 
metallurgical complexes that produce copper, 
molybdenum, zinc, and precious metals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Southern Copper Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Southern Copper Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Southern Copper Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Southern Copper Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Southwest Airlines Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Southwest Airlines Co 
Southwest Airlines Co. is a domestic airline that 
provides primarily short-haul, high-frequency, and 
point-to-point services. The company offers flights 
throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Southwest Airlines Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Southwest Airlines Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Southwest Airlines Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Southwest Airlines Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Spectris PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Spectris PLC 
Spectris plc manufactures, designs and markets 
products for the electronic control and process 
instrumentation sectors.  The company's products 
include digital indication and control products, 
industrial computer circuit boards, semiconductor 
related devices, infrared equipment for 
temperature measurement, flying controls, gas 
analysis products, and analytical x-ray systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Spectris PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Spectris PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Spectris PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Spectris PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Spectris PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Spectris PLC 
Spectris plc manufactures, designs and markets 
products for the electronic control and process 
instrumentation sectors.  The company's products 
include digital indication and control products, 
industrial computer circuit boards, semiconductor 
related devices, infrared equipment for 
temperature measurement, flying controls, gas 
analysis products, and analytical x-ray systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Spectris PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Spectris PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Spectris PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Spectris PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Spectrum Brands 
Holdings Inc 
Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. operates as a 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, supplies consumer batteries, 
residential lock sets, builders hardware, faucets, 
personal care, household appliances, specialty pet 
supplies, lawn and garden accessories, and pest 
control products. Spectrum Brands Holdings 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc 
Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 332 ---
332 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Spectrum Brands Holdings Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SPIE SA Index 
-1 
Short 
SPIE SA 
SPIE SA provides engineering services. The 
company offers hvac systems, technical services, 
information and communication technology, 
dense networks, electrical work, production 
equipment, manufacturing improvement, 
developing industrial sites, and designing solution. 
SPIE serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SPIE SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SPIE SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SPIE SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SPIE SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Spirax-Sarco Engineering PLC 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Spirax-Sarco Engineering 
PLC 
Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc provides 
consultation, service and products for the control 
and efficient management of steam and industrial 
fluids. The company and its subsidiaries produce 
boiler controls, pressure controls, temperature 
controls, steam traps, flow meters, monitors, 
safety valves, humidifiers, strainers, separators 
and fluid pumps. Spirax-Sarco sells its products 
globally 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Spirax-Sarco Engineering PLC 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Spirax-Sarco Engineering PLC 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Spirax-Sarco Engineering PLC 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Spirax-Sarco Engineering PLC 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Spirit AeroSystems Holdings In 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Spirit AeroSystems 
Holdings In 
Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. operates as a 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, designs and manufactures 
aerostructures including fuselages, propulsion 
systems, and wing systems for commercial and 
military aircrafts. Spirit AeroSystems serves clients 
globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Spirit AeroSystems Holdings In 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Spirit AeroSystems Holdings In 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Spirit AeroSystems Holdings In 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Spirit AeroSystems Holdings In 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Spirit Realty Capital Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Spirit Realty Capital Inc 
Spirit Realty Capital, Inc. operates as a real estate 
investment trust. The trust invests in single-tenant 
and triple-net basis real estate properties engaged 
in retail, service, and distribution industries. Spirit 
Realty Capital serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Spirit Realty Capital Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Spirit Realty Capital Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Spirit Realty Capital Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Spirit Realty Capital Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Splunk Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Splunk Inc 
Splunk Inc. develops web based application 
software. The company provides software that 
collects and analyzes machine data generated by 
websites, applications, servers, networks, and 
mobile devices. Splunk serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Splunk Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Splunk Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Splunk Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Splunk Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 333 ---
333 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Spotify Technology SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Spotify Technology SA 
Spotify Technology S.A. provides music streaming 
services. The company offers commercial free 
music and ad-supported services to subscribers. 
Spotify Technology serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Spotify Technology SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Spotify Technology SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Spotify Technology SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Spotify Technology SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sprinklr Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Sprinklr Inc 
Sprinklr, Inc. provides social media management 
infrastructure solutions. The company offers a 
social media management system and related 
services to help enterprises adapt behind their 
firewall to the socially-networked and empowered 
customer. Sprinklr serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sprinklr Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sprinklr Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sprinklr Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sprinklr Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sprout Social Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Sprout Social Inc 
Sprout Social, Inc. provides online social media 
management tools for businesses. The company 
offers communication tools, contact management, 
and lead generation, as well as reporting and 
analytics services. Sprout Social serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sprout Social Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sprout Social Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sprout Social Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sprout Social Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SPS Commerce Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
SPS Commerce Inc 
SPS Commerce, Inc. provides on-demand supply 
chain management solutions through an online 
hosted software suite. The company uses pre-built 
integrations to eliminate on-premise software and 
support staff to shorten supply cycle times 
optimize inventory levels and reduce costs. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SPS Commerce Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SPS Commerce Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SPS Commerce Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SPS Commerce Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SS&C Technologies Holdings Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
SS&C Technologies 
Holdings Inc 
SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. develops and 
markets computer software for financial services 
providers. The software enables trading and 
modeling, portfolio management and reporting, 
accounting, performance measurement, 
reconciliation, reporting, processing, and clearing. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SS&C Technologies Holdings Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SS&C Technologies Holdings Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SS&C Technologies Holdings Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SS&C Technologies Holdings Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SSE PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
SSE PLC 
SSE plc generates, transmits, distributes, and 
supplies electricity to industrial, commercial, and 
domestic customers in the United Kingdom and 
Ireland. The company also stores and distributes 
natural gas, and operates a telecommunications 
network that offers bandwidth and capacity to 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SSE PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SSE PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SSE PLC Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 334 ---
334 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SSE PLC Index 
3 
Long 
companies, public sector organizations, Internet 
service providers, and others. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short St James's Place PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
St James's Place PLC 
St. James's Place specializes in delivering face-to-
face, personalized wealth management advice and 
services through the Partnership, its own group of 
more than 4,000 qualified advisers. St. James's 
Place operates predominantly out of the UK, but it 
also has a presence in Hong Kong, Singapore and 
Shanghai. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short St James's Place PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short St James's Place PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long St James's Place PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long St James's Place PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short St James's Place PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
St James's Place PLC 
St. James's Place specializes in delivering face-to-
face, personalized wealth management advice and 
services through the Partnership, its own group of 
more than 4,000 qualified advisers. St. James's 
Place operates predominantly out of the UK, but it 
also has a presence in Hong Kong, Singapore and 
Shanghai. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short St James's Place PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short St James's Place PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long St James's Place PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long St James's Place PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Standard Chartered PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Standard Chartered PLC 
Standard Chartered PLC is an international 
banking group operating principally in Asia, Africa, 
and the Middle East. The company offers its 
products and services in the personal, consumer, 
corporate, institutional and treasury areas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Standard Chartered PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Standard Chartered PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Standard Chartered PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Standard Chartered PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Standard Chartered PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Standard Chartered PLC 
Standard Chartered PLC is an international 
banking group operating principally in Asia, Africa, 
and the Middle East. The company offers its 
products and services in the personal, consumer, 
corporate, institutional and treasury areas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Standard Chartered PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Standard Chartered PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Standard Chartered PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Standard Chartered PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Stanley Black & Decker Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Stanley Black & Decker 
Inc 
Stanley Black & Decker Inc. is a diversified global 
provider of hand tools, power tools and related 
accessories, mechanical access and electronic 
security solutions, healthcare solutions, 
engineered fastening systems, and more. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Stanley Black & Decker Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Stanley Black & Decker Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Stanley Black & Decker Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Stanley Black & Decker Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Starbucks Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Starbucks Corp 
Starbucks Corporation retails, roasts, and provides 
its own brand of specialty coffee. The company 
operates retail locations worldwide and sells 
whole bean coffees through its sales group, direct 
response business, supermarkets, and on the 
world wide web. Starbucks also produces and sells 
bottled coffee drinks and a line of ice creams. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Starbucks Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Starbucks Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Starbucks Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Starbucks Corp Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 335 ---
335 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Starwood Property Trust Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Starwood Property Trust 
Inc 
Starwood Property Trust, Inc. is a real estate 
investment company. The company originates and 
invests in commercial mortgage loans and other 
commercial real estate debt investments, 
commercial mortgage-backed securities, and 
other commercial real estate-related debt 
investments. Starwood may also invest in 
residential mortgage loans and residential 
mortgage-backed securities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Starwood Property Trust Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Starwood Property Trust Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Starwood Property Trust Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Starwood Property Trust Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short State Street Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
State Street Corp 
State Street Corporation services institutional 
investors and manages financial assets worldwide. 
The company's products and services include 
custody, accounting, administration, daily pricing, 
international exchange services, cash 
management, financial asset management, 
securities lending, and investment advisory 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short State Street Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short State Street Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long State Street Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long State Street Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Steel Dynamics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Steel Dynamics Inc 
Steel Dynamics, Inc. is a diversified carbon-steel 
producer and metals recycler in the United States. 
The company's operating segments include steel 
operations, metals recycling and ferrous resources 
operations, and steel fabrication operations. Steel 
Dynamics products include flat rolled steel sheet, 
engineered bar special-bar-quality, and structural 
beams. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Steel Dynamics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Steel Dynamics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Steel Dynamics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Steel Dynamics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Stellantis NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Stellantis NV 
Stellantis NV manufactures and markets 
automobiles and commercial vehicles. The 
company also produces metallurgical products 
and production systems for the automobile 
industry, as well as owns publishing and insurance 
companies. Stellantis serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Stellantis NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Stellantis NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Stellantis NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Stellantis NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Stericycle Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Stericycle Inc 
Stericycle, Inc. provides regulated medical waste 
management services. The company offers waste 
collection, transportation, treatment, and disposal 
to customers in the United States, Canada, 
Mexico, Argentina, Chile, the United Kingdom, and 
Ireland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Stericycle Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Stericycle Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Stericycle Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Stericycle Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short STERIS PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
STERIS PLC 
STERIS Public Limited Company operates as a 
provider of infection prevention and other 
procedural products and services. The company 
offers sterilizers and washers, surgical tables, 
lights and equipment management systems, and 
endoscopy accessories. STERIS serves healthcare, 
pharmaceutical, and medical device industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short STERIS PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short STERIS PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long STERIS PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long STERIS PLC Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 336 ---
336 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Stifel Financial Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Stifel Financial Corp 
Stifel Financial Corp. is a financial services holding 
company whose subsidiaries serve individual and 
institutional clients in the U.S. and Europe. The 
company's broker-dealer affiliates provide wealth 
management, investment banking, independent 
research, trading, investment advisory, and 
related financial services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Stifel Financial Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Stifel Financial Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Stifel Financial Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Stifel Financial Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short STMicroelectronics NV Index 
-1 
Short 
STMicroelectronics NV 
STMicroelectronics N.V. designs, develops, 
manufactures, and markets semiconductor 
integrated circuits and discrete devices. The 
company's products are used in the 
telecommunications, consumer electronics, 
automotive, computer, and industrial sectors. 
Geographically, customers are located in North 
America, Europe, and the Asia Pacific region. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short STMicroelectronics NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short STMicroelectronics NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long STMicroelectronics NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long STMicroelectronics NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short StoneCo Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
StoneCo Ltd 
StoneCo Ltd. provides financial technology 
solutions. The company offers end-to-end cloud-
based technology platform to conduct electronic 
commerce across in-store, online, and mobile 
channels. StoneCo serves customers in Brazil. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short StoneCo Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short StoneCo Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long StoneCo Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long StoneCo Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Stora Enso Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Stora Enso Oyj 
Stora Enso Oyj is an integrated, paper, packaging, 
and forest products company. The company 
produces publication and fine papers, packaging 
boards, and wood products. Stora Enso operates 
in more than 40 countries around the world. Stora 
Enso sells its products to publishers, printing 
houses, and merchants, as well as the packaging, 
joinery, and construction industries worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Stora Enso Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Stora Enso Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Stora Enso Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Stora Enso Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short STORE Capital Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
STORE Capital Corp 
STORE Capital Corporation provides real estate 
investment trust services. The company invests in 
single-tenant real estate such as chain restaurants, 
supermarkets, health clubs, education, retail, 
service, and distribution facilities. STORE Capital 
operates in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short STORE Capital Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short STORE Capital Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long STORE Capital Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long STORE Capital Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Storebrand ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
Storebrand ASA 
Storebrand ASA offers insurance, asset 
management, and banking services. The company 
offers life insurance and pension plans, manages 
equity and fixed-income funds, and attracts 
deposits, as well as offers residential mortgages, 
other credit, and Internet and telephone banking 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Storebrand ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Storebrand ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Storebrand ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Storebrand ASA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Storskogen Group AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Storskogen Group AB 
Storskogen Group AB operates as an investment 
company. The company acquires and operates a 
diversified group of profitable companies with 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Storskogen Group AB Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 337 ---
337 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Storskogen Group AB Index 
-3 
Short 
strong market positions. Storskogen Group serves 
clients in Sweden. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Storskogen Group AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Storskogen Group AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Stratasys Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Stratasys Ltd 
Stratasys Ltd. manufactures three-dimensional 
printers. The company builds three-dimensional 
models by depositing multiple layers of resin one 
on top of another based on data from three-
dimensional computer aided design files. Stratasys 
products are used by designers, engineers, and 
manufacturers to visualize, verify, and 
communicate product designs. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Stratasys Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Stratasys Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Stratasys Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Stratasys Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Straumann Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Straumann Holding AG 
Straumann Holding AG develops, produces and 
sells dental implants.  The company manufactures 
metal devices implantable in the jaw, in place of 
missing teeth, to which prosthetic teeth are 
attached.  Straumann has subsidiaries throughout 
Europe and North America.  The Company sells its 
products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Straumann Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Straumann Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Straumann Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Straumann Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Stryker Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Stryker Corp 
Stryker Corporation develops, manufactures, and 
markets specialty surgical and medical products. 
The company's products include implants, 
biologics, surgical, neurologic, ear, nose and 
throat and interventional pain equipment, 
endoscopic, surgical navigation, communications 
and digital imaging systems, as well as patient 
handling and emergency medical equipment. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Stryker Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Stryker Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Stryker Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Stryker Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sun Communities Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Sun Communities Inc 
Sun Communities, Inc. is a real estate investment 
trust that currently owns and operates a portfolio 
of manufactured housing communities primarily in 
the midwest and southeast United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sun Communities Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sun Communities Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sun Communities Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sun Communities Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SunPower Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
SunPower Corp 
SunPower Corporation is an integrated solar 
products and services company. The company 
designs, manufactures, and markets high-
performance solar electric power technologies. 
SunPower serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SunPower Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SunPower Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SunPower Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SunPower Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sunrun Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Sunrun Inc 
Sunrun Inc. provides solar energy solutions. The 
company installs, monitors, and maintains solar 
panels on homeowner's roofs to supply solar 
electricity. Sunrun serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sunrun Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sunrun Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sunrun Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 338 ---
338 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sunrun Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Super Micro Computer Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Super Micro Computer 
Inc 
Super Micro Computer, Inc. designs, develops, 
manufactures and sells server solutions based on 
modular and open-standard architecture. The 
company offers servers, motherboards, chassis, 
and accessories. Super Micro Computer markets 
its products worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Super Micro Computer Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Super Micro Computer Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Super Micro Computer Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Super Micro Computer Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short SVB Financial Group Index 
-1 
Short 
SVB Financial Group 
SVB Financial Group is the holding company for 
Silicon Valley Bank. The bank is a commercial bank 
that serves emerging growth and middle-market 
growth companies in targeted niches, focusing on 
the technology and life sciences industries. Silicon 
Valley operates offices throughout the Silicon 
Valley and other areas of California, as well as in 
other states. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short SVB Financial Group Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short SVB Financial Group Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long SVB Financial Group Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long SVB Financial Group Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Svenska Cellulosa AB SCA Index 
-1 
Short 
Svenska Cellulosa AB SCA 
Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA is a forest 
company that develops and produces forest 
products including pulp, packaging materials, 
lumber, and paper. The company also produces 
renewable energy in the form of unrefined biofuel 
and wood pellets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Svenska Cellulosa AB SCA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Svenska Cellulosa AB SCA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Svenska Cellulosa AB SCA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Svenska Cellulosa AB SCA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Svenska Handelsbanken AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Svenska Handelsbanken 
AB 
Svenska Handelsbanken AB attracts deposits and 
offers commercial banking services. The bank 
offers corporate finance, securities brokerage, 
commodity trading, structured products, custody 
services, and institutional asset management 
services. Svenska Handelsbanken operates in 
Europe, Asia, and the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Svenska Handelsbanken AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Svenska Handelsbanken AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Svenska Handelsbanken AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Svenska Handelsbanken AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Swatch Group AG/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Swatch Group AG/The 
The Swatch Group AG manufactures watches, 
watch components, jewelry, miniature batteries, 
liquid crystal displays, and scoreboards. The 
company produces watches under various 
branded names, as well as operates retail 
boutiques. Swatch Group serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Swatch Group AG/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Swatch Group AG/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Swatch Group AG/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Swatch Group AG/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sweco AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Sweco AB 
SWECO AB is a consulting company specializing in 
engineering, environmental technology, and 
architecture.  The company's services include 
urban planning, feasibility studies, environmental 
projects, structural engineering, water treatment, 
and IT technology.  SWECO sells its services to 
companies and organizations worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sweco AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sweco AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sweco AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sweco AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Swedbank AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Swedbank AB

--- Page 339 ---
339 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Swedbank AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Swedbank AB offers retail banking, asset 
management, and financial services. The bank 
attracts deposits and offers mortgage and other 
loans, credit and smart cards, lease financing, 
installment loans on equipment and recreational 
vehicles, securities trading, export and import 
services, insurance, and real estate brokerage 
services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Swedbank AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Swedbank AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Swedbank AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Swedish Match AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Swedish Match AB 
Swedish Match AB manufactures and markets 
smokeless tobacco products. The company offers 
products such as snus, moist snuff, and chewing 
tobacco. Swedish Match also manufactures and 
markets machine made cigars as well as matches 
and lighters. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Swedish Match AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Swedish Match AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Swedish Match AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Swedish Match AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Swedish Orphan 
Biovitrum AB 
Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB (SOBI) operates as a 
bio-pharmaceutical and bio-technology company. 
The company develops therapies and drugs for the 
treatment of haemophilia, inflammation, and 
genetic diseases. SOBI serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Swedish Orphan Biovitrum AB 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Swiss Life Holding AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Swiss Life Holding AG 
Swiss Life Holding AG is a financial services 
company. The company provides life and property 
insurance, institutional investment management, 
and private banking services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Swiss Life Holding AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Swiss Life Holding AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Swiss Life Holding AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Swiss Life Holding AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Swiss Prime Site AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Swiss Prime Site AG 
Swiss Prime Site AG is a real estate investment 
company.  The company owns business and 
mixed-use business/residential buildings in 
commercial centers in Switzerland. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Swiss Prime Site AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Swiss Prime Site AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Swiss Prime Site AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Swiss Prime Site AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Swiss Re AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Swiss Re AG 
Swiss Re AG offers reinsurance, insurance, and 
insurance linked financial market products. The 
company offers automobile, liability, accident, 
engineering, marine, aviation, life, and health 
insurance. Swiss Re also manages fixed-income 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Swiss Re AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Swiss Re AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Swiss Re AG Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 340 ---
340 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Swiss Re AG Index 
3 
Long 
and equity investments for itself and other 
insurance companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Swisscom AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Swisscom AG 
Swisscom AG operates public telecommunications 
networks and offers network application services. 
The company provides local, long-distance, and 
mobile telephone, as well as integrated voice and 
data digital services. Swisscom provides network 
solutions to national and international 
telecommunications operators. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Swisscom AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Swisscom AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Swisscom AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Swisscom AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Switch Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Switch Inc 
Switch, Inc. designs, constructs, operates, and 
manages data centers. The company offers 
collocation, connectivity, cloud computing, and 
other related solutions. Switch serves customers 
globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Switch Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Switch Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Switch Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Switch Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sylvamo Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Sylvamo Corp 
Sylvamo Corporation manufactures bulk paper, as 
well as raw pulp materials. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sylvamo Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sylvamo Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sylvamo Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sylvamo Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Symrise AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Symrise AG 
Symrise AG is a diversified chemical manufacturer. 
The company produces perfume oils, fragrance 
bases, cosmetic raw materials and ingredients, 
plant extracts, aroma chemicals, flavorings, fruit 
powders, and seasonings.  Symrise's customers 
manufacture fragrances, cosmetics, soaps, hair 
care products, detergents, household products, 
foods, beverages, and pharmaceuticals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Symrise AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Symrise AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Symrise AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Symrise AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Synaptics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Synaptics Inc 
Synaptics Incorporated develops custom-designed 
user interface solutions. The company's solutions 
enable people to interact with a variety of mobile 
computing and communications devices. Synaptics 
offers a touch-sensitive pad that senses the 
position of a person's finger on its surface to 
provide screen navigation, cursor movement, and 
a platform of interactive input. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Synaptics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Synaptics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Synaptics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Synaptics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Synchrony Financial Index 
-1 
Short 
Synchrony Financial 
Synchrony Financial operates as a consumer 
financial services company. The company provides 
a range of credit products through programs we 
have established with a diverse group of national 
and regional retailers, local merchants, 
manufacturers, buying groups, industry 
associations, and healthcare service providers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Synchrony Financial Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Synchrony Financial Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Synchrony Financial Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Synchrony Financial Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 341 ---
341 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Syneos Health Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Syneos Health Inc 
Syneos Health, Inc. operates as a 
biopharmaceutical solutions organization. The 
company offers therapeutic expertise, bioanalytics 
solutions, clinical development services, medical 
devices, diagnostics, and commercialization. 
Syneos Health serves patients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Syneos Health Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Syneos Health Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Syneos Health Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Syneos Health Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Synopsys Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Synopsys Inc 
Synopsys, Inc. supplies electronic design 
automation solutions to the global electronics 
market. The company provides design 
technologies to creators of advanced integrated 
circuits, electronic systems, and systems on a chip. 
Synopsys also provides consulting services and 
support to its customers to streamline the overall 
design process and accelerate time to market. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Synopsys Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Synopsys Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Synopsys Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Synopsys Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Synovus Financial Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Synovus Financial Corp 
Synovus Financial Corp. provides financial 
services. The company offers commercial, retail 
banking, and investment services. Synovus 
Financial serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Synovus Financial Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Synovus Financial Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Synovus Financial Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Synovus Financial Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Sysco Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Sysco Corp 
Sysco Corporation distributes food and related 
products primarily to the foodservice industry. 
The company also distributes personal care guest 
amenities, housekeeping supplies, room 
accessories, and textiles to the lodging industry. 
Sysco serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Sysco Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Sysco Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Sysco Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Sysco Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short T Rowe Price Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
T Rowe Price Group Inc 
T. Rowe Price Group Inc. is a financial services 
holding company. The company, through its 
subsidiaries, provides investment advisory 
services to individual and institutional investors. T. 
Rowe manages a broad range of U.S. and 
international stock, blended asset, bond, and 
money market mutual funds and other investment 
portfolios. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short T Rowe Price Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short T Rowe Price Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long T Rowe Price Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long T Rowe Price Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TAG Immobilien AG Index 
-1 
Short 
TAG Immobilien AG 
TAG Immobilien AG develops, sells, and rents 
commercial and residential buildings and special-
purpose properties. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TAG Immobilien AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TAG Immobilien AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TAG Immobilien AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TAG Immobilien AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Take-Two Interactive Software 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Take-Two Interactive 
Software 
Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. develops, 
markets, distributes, and publishes interactive

--- Page 342 ---
342 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Take-Two Interactive Software 
Index 
-2 
Short 
entertainment software games and accessories. 
The company's products are for console systems, 
handheld gaming systems and personal computers 
and are delivered through physical retail, digital 
download, online, and cloud streaming services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Take-Two Interactive Software 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Take-Two Interactive Software 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Take-Two Interactive Software 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tandem Diabetes Care Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Tandem Diabetes Care 
Inc 
Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. produces medical 
devices. The company designs, develops, and 
commercializes products for people with insulin-
dependent diabetes. Tandem Diabetes Care offers 
its products to the medical industries in the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tandem Diabetes Care Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tandem Diabetes Care Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tandem Diabetes Care Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tandem Diabetes Care Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tapestry Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Tapestry Inc 
Tapestry, Inc. designs and markets clothes and 
accessories. The company offers handbags, 
leather goods, footwear, fragrance, jewelry, outer 
wear, ready-to-wear, scarves, sunwear, travel 
accessories, and watches. Tapestry serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tapestry Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tapestry Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tapestry Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tapestry Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Targa Resources Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Targa Resources Corp 
Targa Resources Corp. owns general and limited 
partner interests in a limited partnership that 
provides midstream natural gas and natural gas 
liquid services. The company gathers, compresses, 
treats, processes, and sells natural gas. Targa 
Resources also stores, fractionates, treats, 
transports, and sells natural gas liquids and 
related products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Targa Resources Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Targa Resources Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Targa Resources Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Targa Resources Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Target Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Target Corp 
Target Corporation operates general merchandise 
discount stores. The company focuses on 
merchandising operations which includes general 
merchandise and food discount stores and a fully 
integrated online business. Target also offers 
credit to qualified applicants through its branded 
proprietary credit cards. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Target Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Target Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Target Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Target Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TaskUS Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
TaskUS Inc 
TaskUs, Inc. provides business process outsourcing 
services. The company offers back office supports, 
customer experience consulting, and business 
process optimization services. TaskUs serves 
clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TaskUS Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TaskUS Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TaskUS Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TaskUS Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tate & Lyle PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Tate & Lyle PLC

--- Page 343 ---
343 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tate & Lyle PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Tate & Lyle PLC is the holding company for an 
international group of companies which produces 
and markets ingredients and solutions for the 
food, beverage, industrials and agriculture 
industries around the world. The company's range 
of products includes nutritive sweeteners, 
industrial starches, ethanol, acidulants and animal 
feed. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tate & Lyle PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tate & Lyle PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tate & Lyle PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Taylor Wimpey PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Taylor Wimpey PLC 
Taylor Wimpey plc is a residential housing 
developer. The company builds a variety of 
properties ranging from apartments to detached 
homes. Taylor Wimpey operates in the United 
Kingdom and Spain. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Taylor Wimpey PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Taylor Wimpey PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Taylor Wimpey PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Taylor Wimpey PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Taylor Wimpey PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Taylor Wimpey PLC 
Taylor Wimpey plc is a residential housing 
developer. The company builds a variety of 
properties ranging from apartments to detached 
homes. Taylor Wimpey operates in the United 
Kingdom and Spain. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Taylor Wimpey PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Taylor Wimpey PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Taylor Wimpey PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Taylor Wimpey PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TD SYNNEX Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
TD SYNNEX Corp 
TD SYNNEX Corp provides information technology 
supply chain services. The company offers services 
to original equipment manufacturers and software 
publishers worldwide. TD SYNNEX offers product 
distribution, related logistics, and contract 
assembly services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TD SYNNEX Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TD SYNNEX Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TD SYNNEX Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TD SYNNEX Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TE Connectivity Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
TE Connectivity Ltd 
TE Connectivity Limited provides engineered 
electronic components, network solutions, 
undersea telecommunication systems, and 
wireless systems. The company designs, 
manufactures, and markets products for 
customers in industries ranging from automotive, 
appliance, and aerospace and defense to 
telecommunications, computers, and consumer 
electronics. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TE Connectivity Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TE Connectivity Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TE Connectivity Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TE Connectivity Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tecan Group AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Tecan Group AG 
Tecan Group AG develops, manufactures, and 
distributes laboratory automation components 
and systems. The company produces robotic 
sample processors, stand-alone separation and 
detection devices, laser scanners, integrated 
systems, and pumps and valves for high precision 
liquid handling. Tecan Group research and 
development laboratories worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tecan Group AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tecan Group AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tecan Group AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tecan Group AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Teladoc Health Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Teladoc Health Inc

--- Page 344 ---
344 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Teladoc Health Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Teladoc Health, Inc. provides healthcare services. 
The company diagnoses, recommends treatment, 
and prescribes medication for routine medical 
issues through phone and video consultations. 
Teladoc Health serves patients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Teladoc Health Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Teladoc Health Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Teladoc Health Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tele2 AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Tele2 AB 
Tele2 AB operates as a telecommunications 
company. The company offers mobile services, 
fixed broadband and telephony, data networking, 
and content services. Tele2 serves customers 
throughout Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tele2 AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tele2 AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tele2 AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tele2 AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Telecom Italia SpA/Milano Index 
-1 
Short 
Telecom Italia 
SpA/Milano 
Telecom Italia S.p.A., through subsidiaries, offers 
fixed line and mobile telephone and data 
transmission services in Italy and abroad. The 
company offers local and long-distance telephone, 
satellite communications, Internet access, and 
teleconferencing services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Telecom Italia SpA/Milano Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Telecom Italia SpA/Milano Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Telecom Italia SpA/Milano Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Telecom Italia SpA/Milano Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Teledyne Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Teledyne Technologies 
Inc 
Teledyne Technologies Inc. provides electronic 
subsystems and instrumentation. The company 
provides aerospace and defense electronics, 
digital imaging products and software, monitoring 
instrumentation for marine and environmental 
applications, harsh environment interconnect 
products, and subsystems for satellite 
communications. Teledyne also provides 
engineered systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Teledyne Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Teledyne Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Teledyne Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Teledyne Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Teleflex Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Teleflex Inc 
Teleflex Incorporated is a global provider of 
medical technology products. The company 
primarily develops, manufactures and supplies 
single-use medical devices used by hospitals and 
healthcare providers for common diagnostic and 
therapeutic procedures in critical care and surgical 
applications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Teleflex Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Teleflex Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Teleflex Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Teleflex Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsso 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Telefonaktiebolaget LM 
Ericsso 
Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson develops and 
manufactures network equipment and software, 
as well as services for network and business 
operations. The company's portfolio also includes 
products for the enterprise, cable, mobile 
platform, and power module markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsso 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsso 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsso 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsso 
Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 345 ---
345 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Telefonica SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Telefonica SA 
Telefonica SA operates as a telecommunications 
company. The company offers fixed and mobile 
telephone, broadband, and subscription television 
services, as well as provides cybersecurity, IOT, big 
data, and cloud solutions. Telefonica serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Telefonica SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Telefonica SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Telefonica SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Telefonica SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Telenor ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
Telenor ASA 
Telenor ASA is an international provider of tele, 
data and media communication services, and has 
mobile operations in 13 markets across the Nordic 
region, Central and Eastern Europe and Asia. The 
group also offers fixed telephony, broadband and 
TV services in the Nordic region. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Telenor ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Telenor ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Telenor ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Telenor ASA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Teleperformance Index 
-1 
Short 
Teleperformance 
Teleperformance offers customer relationship 
management services.  The company operates call 
centers, conducts programs to attract new 
customers, offers customer service and technical 
support services, collects debts, offers market 
research services, conducts telemarketing, and 
develops customer relationship management 
software. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Teleperformance Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Teleperformance Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Teleperformance Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Teleperformance Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Telia Co AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Telia Co AB 
Telia Company AB offers telecommunication 
services. The company offers mobile 
communications services as well as operates fixed 
networks throughout Eurasia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Telia Co AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Telia Co AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Telia Co AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Telia Co AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Telos Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Telos Corp 
Telos Corporation offers information technology 
services. The company provides cyber security, 
secure mobility, cloud computing, risk 
management, and other information technology 
solutions to government agencies and commercial 
enterprises. Telos serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Telos Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Telos Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Telos Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Telos Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Temenos AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Temenos AG 
Temenos AG provides integrated software 
solutions. The company offers analytics, channels, 
financial crime mitigation, funds and securities, 
risk and compliance, and front office and digital 
banking suits for the management of 
administrative tasks at banks and financial 
services companies. Temenos operates 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Temenos AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Temenos AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Temenos AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Temenos AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tempur Sealy International Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Tempur Sealy 
International Inc 
Tempur Sealy International, Inc. through its 
primary subsidiary manufactures and markets

--- Page 346 ---
346 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tempur Sealy International Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
bedding products. The company offers foam 
mattresses, pillows, and miscellaneous products 
under its own and other brand names. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tempur Sealy International Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tempur Sealy International Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tempur Sealy International Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tenable Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Tenable Holdings Inc 
Tenable Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
offers application and cloud based security 
solutions for finance, healthcare, retail, energy, 
and educational sectors. Tenable Holdings serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tenable Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tenable Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tenable Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tenable Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tenaris SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Tenaris SA 
Tenaris S.A. manufactures seamless steel pipe 
products. The company also provides pipe 
handling, stocking, and distribution services to the 
oil and gas, energy, and mechanical industries. 
Tenaris supplies welded steel pipes for gas 
pipelines worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tenaris SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tenaris SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tenaris SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tenaris SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Teradata Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Teradata Corp 
Teradata Corporation operates as a database 
management company in the technology industry. 
The company offers analytic data solutions 
through integrated data warehousing, big data 
analytics, and business applications. Teradata 
collaborates with leading innovators in software, 
technology, and integration services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Teradata Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Teradata Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Teradata Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Teradata Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Teradyne Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Teradyne Inc 
Teradyne, Inc. designs, manufactures, sells, and 
supports semiconductor test products and 
services on a worldwide basis. The company's test 
equipment products and services include, 
semiconductor test systems, military, aerospace 
test instrumentation, circuit-board test, inspection 
systems, automotive diagnostic, and test systems. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Teradyne Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Teradyne Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Teradyne Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Teradyne Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Terminix Global Holdings Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Terminix Global Holdings 
Inc 
Terminix Global Holdings, Inc. manufactures pest 
control products. The company offers pests and 
termites. Terminix Global Holdings serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Terminix Global Holdings Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Terminix Global Holdings Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Terminix Global Holdings Inc 
Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 347 ---
347 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Terminix Global Holdings Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Terna - Rete Elettrica Naziona 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Terna - Rete Elettrica 
Naziona 
Terna - Rete Elettrica Nazionale SpA transmits 
electricity over the high-voltage and extra-high 
voltage grid in Italy. Through subsidiaries, the 
company owns a substantial share of the national 
electricity transmission grid. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Terna - Rete Elettrica Naziona 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Terna - Rete Elettrica Naziona 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Terna - Rete Elettrica Naziona 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Terna - Rete Elettrica Naziona 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tesco PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Tesco PLC 
Tesco PLC, through its subsidiaries, operates as a 
food retailer. The company offers online retailing, 
brick and mortar supermarkets, and a private-
label brand of products. Tesco provides its 
services primarily throughout Europe, with 
additional activities in Asia. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tesco PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tesco PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tesco PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tesco PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tesla Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Tesla Inc 
Tesla Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells high-
performance electric vehicles and electric vehicle 
power train components. The company owns its 
sales and service network and sells electric power 
train components to other automobile 
manufacturers. Tesla serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tesla Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tesla Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tesla Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tesla Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Texas Instruments Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Texas Instruments Inc 
Texas Instruments Incorporated operates as a 
semiconductor design and manufacturing 
company. The company develops analog ICs and 
embedded processors. Texas Instruments serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Texas Instruments Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Texas Instruments Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Texas Instruments Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Texas Instruments Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Texas Pacific Land Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Texas Pacific Land Corp 
Texas Pacific Land Corporation owns tracts of land 
in Texas, previously the property of the Texas and 
Pacific Railway Co. The trust issues transferable 
certificates of proprietary interest pro rata to the 
holders of certain debt securities of the Texas and 
Pacific Railway Co. Texas's income is derived from 
land sales, oil and gas royalties, grazing leases, and 
interest. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Texas Pacific Land Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Texas Pacific Land Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Texas Pacific Land Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Texas Pacific Land Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Textron Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Textron Inc 
Textron Inc. operates as a multi-industry company 
with operations in aircraft, defense, industrial 
products, and finance. The company provides 
airplanes, helicopters, weapons, and automotive 
products. Textron's finance division offers asset 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Textron Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Textron Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 348 ---
348 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Textron Inc Index 
2 
Long 
based lending, aviation, distribution, golf, and 
resort finance, as well as structured capital. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Textron Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TFS Financial Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
TFS Financial Corp 
TFS Financial Corporation operates as a holding 
company. The bank attracts deposits from the 
general public and originates a variety of loans. 
TFS Financial operates throughout the States of 
Ohio and Florida. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TFS Financial Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TFS Financial Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TFS Financial Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TFS Financial Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Thales SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Thales SA 
Thales designs and builds aerospace and defense 
electrical systems. The company offers flight deck 
systems, avionics equipment, and navigation 
solutions, as well as provides telecommunications 
satellites, signalling systems, and air traffic 
management and maintenance services. Thales 
serves aviation, space, transportation, defense, 
and security markets worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Thales SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Thales SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Thales SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Thales SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Thermo Fisher Scientific 
Inc 
Thermo Fisher Scientific, Inc. manufactures 
scientific instruments, consumables, and 
chemicals. The company offers analytical 
instruments, laboratory equipment, software, 
services, consumables, reagents, chemicals, and 
supplies to pharmaceutical and biotech 
companies, hospitals and clinical diagnostic labs, 
universities, research institutions, and 
government agencies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Thor Industries Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Thor Industries Inc 
Thor Industries, Inc. produces and sells a wide 
range of recreation vehicles. The company offers 
motorhomes, camping, fifth-wheel, and travel 
trailers. Thor Industries serves customers in the 
United States and Canada. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Thor Industries Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Thor Industries Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Thor Industries Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Thor Industries Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Thoughtworks Holding Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Thoughtworks Holding 
Inc 
Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
offers technology consultancy solutions that 
integrates strategy, design, and software 
engineering to enable enterprises and technology 
disruptors. Thoughtworks Holding serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Thoughtworks Holding Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Thoughtworks Holding Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Thoughtworks Holding Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Thoughtworks Holding Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Thule Group AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Thule Group AB 
The Thule Group AB manufactures bike racks, 
cargo carriers, and hitch solutions for vehicles. The 
company also makes carry solutions for mobile 
and computer equipment, luggage and packs, RV 
accessories, and  trailers. Thule Group serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Thule Group AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Thule Group AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Thule Group AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Thule Group AB Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 349 ---
349 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short thyssenkrupp AG Index 
-1 
Short 
thyssenkrupp AG 
thyssenkrupp AG manufactures industrial 
components. The company produces flat rolled 
and cast steel, automobile parts, elevators and 
escalators, machine tools, bearings, nonferrous 
metals, and plastics. thyssenkrupp develops and 
manages real estate as well as designs and 
constructs factories. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short thyssenkrupp AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short thyssenkrupp AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long thyssenkrupp AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long thyssenkrupp AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tilray Brands Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Tilray Brands Inc 
Tilray Brands, Inc. operates as a pharmaceutical 
company. The company develops cannabis based 
medicines, drugs, drops, and oil products. Tilray 
Brands serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tilray Brands Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tilray Brands Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tilray Brands Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tilray Brands Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Timken Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Timken Co/The 
The Timken Company manufactures and 
distributes tapered roller bearings, as well as 
cylindrical, spherical, and precision ball bearings. 
The company also produces power transmission 
components and assemblies, as well as systems 
such as helicopter transmissions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Timken Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Timken Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Timken Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Timken Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TJX Cos Inc/The Index 
-1 
Short 
TJX Cos Inc/The 
The TJX Companies, Inc. is an off-price apparel and 
home fashion retailer in the United States and 
worldwide. The company operates off-price retail 
concepts in the US, Canada, and Europe that offer 
a wide range of brand name and designer 
merchandise. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TJX Cos Inc/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TJX Cos Inc/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TJX Cos Inc/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TJX Cos Inc/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short T-Mobile US Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
T-Mobile US Inc 
T-Mobile US, Inc. is a national wireless carrier in 
the United States. The company offers consumer, 
business, and prepaid wireless connectivity 
options alongside an array of data plans. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short T-Mobile US Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short T-Mobile US Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long T-Mobile US Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long T-Mobile US Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Toll Brothers Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Toll Brothers Inc 
Toll Brothers, Inc. builds luxury homes, serving 
both move-up and empty nester buyers in several 
regions of the United States. The company builds 
customized single and attached homes, primarily 
on land that it develops and improves. Toll 
Brothers also operates its own architectural, 
engineering, mortgage, title, security, landscape, 
insurance brokerage, and manufacturing 
operations. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Toll Brothers Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Toll Brothers Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Toll Brothers Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Toll Brothers Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TOMRA Systems ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
TOMRA Systems ASA 
Tomra Systems ASA develops, manufactures, and 
markets machines used to recycle beverage 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TOMRA Systems ASA Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 350 ---
350 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TOMRA Systems ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
containers.  The company's products are marketed 
in Europe and North and South America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TOMRA Systems ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TOMRA Systems ASA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TopBuild Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
TopBuild Corp 
TopBuild Corp. provides insulation installation 
services. The company offers residential insulation 
products and related accessories. TopBuild serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TopBuild Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TopBuild Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TopBuild Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TopBuild Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Toro Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Toro Co/The 
The Toro Company designs, manufactures, and 
markets a range of turf equipment. The company's 
products include professional turf maintenance 
equipment, turf and agricultural irrigation 
systems, landscaping equipment, and residential 
yard products. Toro's products are sold 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Toro Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Toro Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Toro Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Toro Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TotalEnergies SE Index 
-1 
Short 
TotalEnergies SE 
TotalEnergies SE operates as an energy company. 
The company produces, transports, and supplies 
crude oil, natural gas, and low carbon electricity, 
as well as refines petrochemical products. 
TotalEnergies owns and manages gasoline filling 
stations worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TotalEnergies SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TotalEnergies SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TotalEnergies SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TotalEnergies SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tractor Supply Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Tractor Supply Co 
Tractor Supply Company operates a retail farm 
store chain in the United States. The company 
provides farm maintenance, animal, general 
maintenance, lawn and garden, light truck 
equipment, work clothing, and other products. 
Tractor Supply serves hobby, part-time, and full-
time farmers and ranchers, as well as rural 
customers, contractors, and tradesman. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tractor Supply Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tractor Supply Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tractor Supply Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tractor Supply Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Trade Desk Inc/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Trade Desk Inc/The 
The Trade Desk, Inc. operates as an advertising 
technology company. The company offers online 
advertising platform that manages display, social, 
mobile, and video advertising campaigns. Trade 
Desk serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Trade Desk Inc/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Trade Desk Inc/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Trade Desk Inc/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Trade Desk Inc/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tradeweb Markets Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Tradeweb Markets Inc 
Tradeweb Markets Inc. builds and operates 
electronic marketplaces for rates, credit, 
equities/ETFs and money markets. The company 
serves institutional, wholesale and retail clients in 
62 countries including large global asset 
managers, insurance companies, central banks, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tradeweb Markets Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tradeweb Markets Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tradeweb Markets Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 351 ---
351 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tradeweb Markets Inc Index 
3 
Long 
financial advisory firms, proprietary trading firms, 
hedge funds, banks and dealers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Trane Technologies PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Trane Technologies PLC 
Trane Technologies Public Limited Company 
manufactures industrial equipment. The company 
offers central heaters, air conditioners, electric 
vehicles, air cleaners, and fluid handling products. 
Trane Technologies serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Trane Technologies PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Trane Technologies PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Trane Technologies PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Trane Technologies PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TransDigm Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
TransDigm Group Inc 
TransDigm Group, Inc., through subsidiaries, 
manufactures aircraft components. The company 
produces ignition systems and components, gear 
pumps, mechanical and electromechanical 
actuators and controls, NiCad batteries and 
chargers, power conditioning devices, hold-open 
rods and locking devices, engineered connectors 
and latches, cockpit security devices, and AC and 
DC motors. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TransDigm Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TransDigm Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TransDigm Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TransDigm Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TransUnion Index 
-1 
Short 
TransUnion 
TransUnion operates as a credit reporting agency. 
The company offers consumer reports, risk scores, 
analytical services, and decisioning capabilities to 
businesses. TransUnion provides risk and 
information solutions to businesses and 
consumers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TransUnion Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TransUnion Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TransUnion Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TransUnion Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Travel + Leisure Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Travel + Leisure Co 
Travel + Leisure Co. operates as a hospitality 
company. The company focuses on providing 
vacation ownership, managed rental, and 
exchange services, as well as owns vacation 
resorts and exchange properties. Travel + Leisure 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Travel + Leisure Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Travel + Leisure Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Travel + Leisure Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Travel + Leisure Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Travelers Cos Inc/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Travelers Cos Inc/The 
The Travelers Companies, Inc. operates as an 
insurance company. The company provides 
commercial and personal property and casualty 
insurance products and services to businesses, 
government units, associations, and individuals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Travelers Cos Inc/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Travelers Cos Inc/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Travelers Cos Inc/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Travelers Cos Inc/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Travis Perkins PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Travis Perkins PLC 
Travis Perkins plc markets and distributes 
products to the UK construction and building 
trade industries, including timber, building, and 
plumbing and heating materials. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Travis Perkins PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Travis Perkins PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Travis Perkins PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Travis Perkins PLC Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 352 ---
352 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Trelleborg AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Trelleborg AB 
Trelleborg AB manufactures and distributes 
industrial products.  The company produces noise 
supression and anti-vibration systems for the 
automobile industry and complete wheel systems 
for forest and farm machines and other 
equipment. Trelleborg also develops and makes 
industrial fluid systems and polymer and bitumen 
based building products.  The Company markets 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Trelleborg AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Trelleborg AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Trelleborg AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Trelleborg AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Trex Co Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Trex Co Inc 
Trex Company, Inc. manufactures non-wood 
decking alternative products. The company offers 
decking and railing, outdoor lighting, and 
accessory hardware products. Trex serves 
customers globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Trex Co Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Trex Co Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Trex Co Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Trex Co Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Trimble Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Trimble Inc 
Trimble Inc. provides advanced location-based 
software solutions. The company integrates its 
positioning expertise in GPS, laser, optical and 
inertial technologies with application software, 
wireless communications, and services to provide 
complete commercial solutions. Trimble operates 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Trimble Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Trimble Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Trimble Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Trimble Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TripAdvisor Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
TripAdvisor Inc 
TripAdvisor, Inc. operates as an online travel 
research company. The company offers customers 
with travel information, reviews, and opinions of 
members about destinations and 
accommodations, including hotels, bed and 
breakfasts, specialty lodging, vacation rentals, 
restaurants, and activities. TripAdvisor serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TripAdvisor Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TripAdvisor Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TripAdvisor Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TripAdvisor Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tritax Big Box REIT PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Tritax Big Box REIT PLC 
Tritax Big Box REIT plc is a real estate investment 
trust. The company focuses on delivering income 
and capital returns to shareholders through 
investments in industrial warehouses in the online 
retail market. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tritax Big Box REIT PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tritax Big Box REIT PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tritax Big Box REIT PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tritax Big Box REIT PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Truist Financial Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Truist Financial Corp 
Truist Financial Corporation provides financial 
services. The company offers wide range of 
services including retail, small business and 
commercial banking, asset management, capital 
markets, commercial real estate, corporate and 
institutional banking, insurance, mortgage, 
payments, and specialized lending and wealth 
management solutions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Truist Financial Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Truist Financial Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Truist Financial Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Truist Financial Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tryg A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
Tryg A/S

--- Page 353 ---
353 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tryg A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Tryg A/S offers general insurance services. The 
company sells general insurance products for the 
private, commercial and corporate markets. Tryg 
serves customers in Denmark, Sweden, and 
Norway. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tryg A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tryg A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tryg A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TTEC Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
TTEC Holdings Inc 
TTEC Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides customer engagement, experience 
consulting, care, and technology solutions. TTEC 
Holdings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TTEC Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TTEC Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TTEC Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TTEC Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TTM Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
TTM Technologies Inc 
TTM Technologies, Inc. is an independent provider 
of time-critical, one-stop manufacturing services 
for printed circuit boards. The circuit boards serve 
as a foundation for electronic products such as 
routers, switches, servers, memory modules, and 
cellular base stations. The company's customers 
include original equipment manufacturers and 
electronic manufacturing services companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TTM Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TTM Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TTM Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TTM Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tucows Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Tucows Inc 
Tucows Inc. provides wholesale digital products to 
Internet service providers and Web hosting 
companies.  The company distributes electronic 
business services and applications on the Internet. 
The Company provides wholesale domain name 
registration. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tucows Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tucows Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tucows Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tucows Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TUI AG Index 
-1 
Short 
TUI AG 
TUI AG is a tourism service provider. The company 
operates airlines, travel agencies, cruise ships, 
resorts, and hotels. TUI  serves clients in Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TUI AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TUI AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TUI AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TUI AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short TuSimple Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
TuSimple Holdings Inc 
TuSimple Holdings Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
develops self-driving technologies to meet the 
demands of heavy-duty and semi-trucks. TuSimple 
Holdings serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short TuSimple Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short TuSimple Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long TuSimple Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long TuSimple Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Twilio Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Twilio Inc 
Twilio Inc. develops and publishes internet 
infrastructure solutions. The company offers cloud 
computing platform to allow web developers to 
integrate phone calls, internet protocol voice 
communications, and text messages into web, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Twilio Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Twilio Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 354 ---
354 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Twilio Inc Index 
2 
Long 
mobile, and phone applications. Twilio serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Twilio Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Twist Bioscience Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Twist Bioscience Corp 
Twist Bioscience Corporation operates as a 
biotechnology company. The company specializes 
in synthetic DNA such as biodetection, functional 
genomics, genome engineering, drugs and 
biodefense, and data storage. Twist Bioscience 
serves patients in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Twist Bioscience Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Twist Bioscience Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Twist Bioscience Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Twist Bioscience Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Twitter Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Twitter Inc 
Twitter, Inc. provides online social networking and 
microblogging service. The company offers users 
the ability to follow other users activity, read, and 
post tweets. Twitter serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Twitter Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Twitter Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Twitter Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Twitter Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tyler Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Tyler Technologies Inc 
Tyler Technologies, Inc. provides end-to-end 
information management solutions and services 
for local governments. The company's client base 
includes local government offices throughout the 
United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, and the 
United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tyler Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tyler Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tyler Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tyler Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Tyson Foods Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Tyson Foods Inc 
Tyson Foods, Inc. produces, distributes, and 
markets chicken, beef, pork, prepared foods, and 
related allied products. The company's products 
are marketed and sold to national and regional 
grocery retailers, regional grocery wholesalers, 
meat distributors, warehouse club stores, military 
commissaries, and industrial food processing 
companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Tyson Foods Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Tyson Foods Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Tyson Foods Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Tyson Foods Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Uber Technologies Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Uber Technologies Inc 
Uber Technologies, Inc. provides ride hailing 
services. The company develops applications for 
road transportation, navigation, ride sharing, and 
payment processing solutions. Uber Technologies 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Uber Technologies Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Uber Technologies Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Uber Technologies Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Uber Technologies Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ubiquiti Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ubiquiti Inc 
Ubiquiti Inc. provides wireless networking 
products and solutions. The company offers 
radios, antennas, and management tools that 
have been designed to deliver carrier class 
performance for wireless networking and other 
applications in the unlicensed radio frequency. 
Ubiquiti operates in the State of New York. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ubiquiti Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ubiquiti Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ubiquiti Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ubiquiti Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 355 ---
355 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ubisoft Entertainment SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Ubisoft Entertainment SA 
Ubisoft Entertainment operates as a video game 
company. The company produces, edits, and 
distributes video games, as well as educational 
software, as well as licenses its games. Ubisoft 
Entertainment serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ubisoft Entertainment SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ubisoft Entertainment SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ubisoft Entertainment SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ubisoft Entertainment SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short UBS Group AG Index 
-1 
Short 
UBS Group AG 
UBS Group AG provides financial services to 
private, corporate, and institutional clients. The 
company offers investment, retail, and corporate 
and institutional banking, as well as holistic wealth 
management planning and asset management 
services. UBS Group also offers securities services 
such as fund administration and third-party fund 
management. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short UBS Group AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short UBS Group AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long UBS Group AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long UBS Group AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short UCB SA Index 
-1 
Short 
UCB SA 
UCB SA operates as a biopharmaceutical company. 
The company specializes in the treatment of 
central nervous system disorders and 
inflammatory diseases. UCB serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short UCB SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short UCB SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long UCB SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long UCB SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short UDR Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
UDR Inc 
UDR, Inc. is a self-administered real estate 
investment trust. The company owns, operates, 
and develops apartment communities located 
nationwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short UDR Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short UDR Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long UDR Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long UDR Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short UGI Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
UGI Corp 
UGI Corporation distributes and markets energy 
products and services. The company is a domestic 
and international distributor of propane. UGI 
offers natural gas and electricity and sells related 
products and services in the Middle Atlantic 
region of the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short UGI Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short UGI Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long UGI Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long UGI Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short UiPath Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
UiPath Inc 
UiPath, Inc. provides software solutions. The 
company designs and develops robotic process 
automation software to build, manage, run, 
engage, measure, and govern automations across 
departments within an organization. UiPath serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short UiPath Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short UiPath Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long UiPath Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long UiPath Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ulta Beauty Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ulta Beauty Inc 
Ulta Beauty, Inc. operates a chain of beauty 
stores. The company offers cosmetics, fragrance, 
skin and hair care products, and salon services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ulta Beauty Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 356 ---
356 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ulta Beauty Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Ulta Beauty serves customers throughout the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ulta Beauty Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ulta Beauty Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ultra Clean Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ultra Clean Holdings Inc 
Ultra Clean Holdings, Inc. develops and supplies 
critical subsystems for the semiconductor capital 
equipment industry focusing on gas delivery 
systems. These gas delivery systems enable the 
precise delivery of specialty gases used in a 
majority of the key steps in the semiconductor 
manufacturing process. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ultra Clean Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ultra Clean Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ultra Clean Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ultra Clean Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Ultragenyx 
Pharmaceutical Inc 
Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. provides 
biotechnology services. The company develops 
therapeutics and sialic acid for treating metabolic, 
body myopathy, glucuronidase, and rare genetic 
diseases. Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical conducts its 
business in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Umicore SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Umicore SA 
Umicore SA is a materials technology company. 
The company operates in advanced materials, 
precious metal products and catalysts, along with 
zinc specialties. Umicore has industrial operations 
on all continents. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Umicore SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Umicore SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Umicore SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Umicore SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Umpqua Holdings Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Umpqua Holdings Corp 
Umpqua Holdings Corporation is the holding 
company for Umpqua Bank, an Oregon state-
chartered bank. Umpqua Bank is engaged 
primarily in the business of commercial and retail 
banking and the delivery of retail brokerage 
services. The bank provides asset management, 
mortgage banking and other financial services to 
corporate, institutional and individual customers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Umpqua Holdings Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Umpqua Holdings Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Umpqua Holdings Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Umpqua Holdings Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Under Armour Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Under Armour Inc 
Under Armour, Inc. develops, markets, and 
distributes branded performance products for 
men, women, and youth. The company designs 
and sells a broad offering of apparel and 
accessories made of synthetic microfibers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Under Armour Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Under Armour Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Under Armour Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Under Armour Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Under Armour Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Under Armour Inc

--- Page 357 ---
357 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Under Armour Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Under Armour, Inc. develops, markets, and 
distributes branded performance products for 
men, women, and youth. The company designs 
and sells a broad offering of apparel and 
accessories made of synthetic microfibers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Under Armour Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Under Armour Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Under Armour Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Index 
-1 
Short 
Unibail-Rodamco-
Westfield 
Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield operates as a real 
estate investment trust. The company leases and 
rents building space, finances real estate 
investments, and renovates real estates for sale. 
Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield's properties are 
shopping centers, office buildings, and 
convention-exhibition centers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short UniCredit SpA Index 
-1 
Short 
UniCredit SpA 
UniCredit S.p.A. attracts deposits and offers 
commercial banking services. The bank offers 
consumer credit, mortgages, life insurance, 
business loan, investment banking, asset 
management, and other services. UniCredit 
operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short UniCredit SpA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short UniCredit SpA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long UniCredit SpA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long UniCredit SpA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Unilever PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Unilever PLC 
Unilever PLC manufactures personal care 
products. The company offers consumer goods, 
food, detergents, fragrances, beauty, home, and 
personal care products. Unilever serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Unilever PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Unilever PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Unilever PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Unilever PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Union Pacific Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Union Pacific Corp 
Union Pacific Corporation is a rail transportation 
company. The company's railroad hauls a variety 
of goods, including agricultural, automotive, and 
chemical products. Union Pacific offers long-haul 
routes from all major West Coast and Gulf Coast 
ports to eastern gateways as well as connects with 
Canada's rail systems and serves the major 
gateways to Mexico. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Union Pacific Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Union Pacific Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Union Pacific Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Union Pacific Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Uniper SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Uniper SE 
Uniper SE operates as an international energy 
company. The company owns and manages a 
portfolio of power plants located across Europe, 
as well as focuses on commodity trading business, 
such as power, emission certificates, natural gas, 
liquefied natural gas, coal, and freight. Uniper also 
operates power and gas storage facilities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Uniper SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Uniper SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Uniper SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Uniper SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Unisys Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Unisys Corp 
Unisys Corporation provides information 
technology consulting services. The company 
offers data analytics, mobility, network, security, 
and outsourcing services. Unisys serves 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Unisys Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Unisys Corp Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 358 ---
358 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Unisys Corp Index 
2 
Long 
commercial, financial services, and government 
sectors globally. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Unisys Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short UNITE Group PLC/The Index 
-1 
Short 
UNITE Group PLC/The 
The UNITE Group PLC is a property investment 
company engaged in the development and 
management of student accommodation in the UK 
with established links with numerous academic 
institutions across the UK. The company also 
operates a small number of specialist funds and 
joint ventures. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short UNITE Group PLC/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short UNITE Group PLC/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long UNITE Group PLC/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long UNITE Group PLC/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short United Airlines Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
United Airlines Holdings 
Inc 
United Airlines Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides air transportation services. United 
Airlines Holdings owns and manages airlines that 
transports people and cargos. United Airlines 
Holdings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short United Airlines Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short United Airlines Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long United Airlines Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long United Airlines Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short United Internet AG Index 
-1 
Short 
United Internet AG 
United Internet AG operates as an internet 
services company. The company provides landline 
and mobile internet access products, as well as 
cloud applications at data centers with fixed 
monthly fees and volume-based charges. United 
Internet serves consumers and business clients 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short United Internet AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short United Internet AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long United Internet AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long United Internet AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short United Parcel Service Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
United Parcel Service Inc 
United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) delivers packages 
and documents throughout the United States and 
in other countries and territories. The company 
also provides global supply chain services and less-
than-truckload transportation, primarily in the US 
UPS's business consists of integrated air and 
ground pick-up and delivery network 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short United Parcel Service Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short United Parcel Service Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long United Parcel Service Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long United Parcel Service Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short United Rentals Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
United Rentals Inc 
United Rentals, Inc., through its subsidiary, is an 
equipment rental company operating a network of 
locations in the United States and Canada. The 
company serves the construction industry, 
industrial and commercial concerns, homeowners, 
and other individuals. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short United Rentals Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short United Rentals Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long United Rentals Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long United Rentals Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short United States Steel Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
United States Steel Corp 
United States Steel Corporation operates as an 
integrated steel producer. The company 
manufactures flat-rolled and tubular products 
with production operations in North America and 
Europe. United States Steel serves the 
automotive, appliance, container, industrial 
machinery, construction, and oil and gas 
industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short United States Steel Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short United States Steel Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long United States Steel Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long United States Steel Corp Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 359 ---
359 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short United Therapeutics Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
United Therapeutics Corp 
United Therapeutics Corporation develops 
pharmaceuticals to treat vascular diseases such as 
pulmonary hypertension and peripheral vascular 
disease. The company's lead products are stable 
synthetic forms of prostacyclin and are delivered 
orally or subcutaneously. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short United Therapeutics Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short United Therapeutics Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long United Therapeutics Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long United Therapeutics Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short United Utilities Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
United Utilities Group 
PLC 
United Utilities Group PLC manages and operates 
the regulated electricity distribution, water, and 
wastewater networks in North West England. The 
company also manages other infrastructure assets 
in the United Kingdom and overseas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short United Utilities Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short United Utilities Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long United Utilities Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long United Utilities Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short UnitedHealth Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
UnitedHealth Group Inc 
UnitedHealth Group Incorporated owns and 
manages organized health systems. The company 
provides employers products and resources to 
plan and administer employee benefit programs. 
UnitedHealth serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short UnitedHealth Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short UnitedHealth Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long UnitedHealth Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long UnitedHealth Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Unity Software Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Unity Software Inc 
Unity Software Inc. provides software solutions. 
The company offers graphic tools to create, run, 
and monetize real-time 2D and 3D content for 
mobile phones, tablets, PCs, consoles, and 
augmented and virtual reality devices. Unity 
Software serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Unity Software Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Unity Software Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Unity Software Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Unity Software Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Univar Solutions Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Univar Solutions Inc 
Univar Solutions Inc. distributes industrial and 
specialty chemical products. The company offers 
solvents, resins, pigments, acids, bases, 
surfactants, glycols, inorganic compounds, and 
alcohols. Univar Solutions supplies its products to 
the coatings and adhesives, food, oil and gas, 
personal care, and pharmaceutical industries 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Univar Solutions Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Univar Solutions Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Univar Solutions Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Univar Solutions Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Universal Display Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Universal Display Corp 
Universal Display Corporation is a member of the 
United States Display Consortium. The Consortium 
is a cooperative industry and government effort 
aimed at developing an infrastructure to support a 
North American flat panel display infrastructure. 
The company and its partners are developing high-
resolution, full color, light weight Organic Light 
Emitting Diode (OLED) technology. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Universal Display Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Universal Display Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Universal Display Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Universal Display Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Universal Health Services Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Universal Health Services 
Inc 
Universal Health Services, Inc. operates as a 
healthcare management company. The company

--- Page 360 ---
360 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Universal Health Services Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
provides acute care hospitals, behavioral health, 
and surgery centers. Universal provides services 
such as general surgery, internal medicine, 
radiology, and pediatric services throughout in the 
United States, United Kingdom, and Puerto Rico. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Universal Health Services Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Universal Health Services Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Universal Health Services Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Universal Music Group NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Universal Music Group 
NV 
Universal Music Group N.V. operates as an 
entertainment company. The company produces 
and distributes music contents. Universal Music 
Group serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Universal Music Group NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Universal Music Group NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Universal Music Group NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Universal Music Group NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Unum Group Index 
-1 
Short 
Unum Group 
Unum Group provides group disability and special 
risk insurance. The company provides disability 
insurance, group life insurance, and payroll-
deducted voluntary benefits offered to employees 
at their work sites. Unum Group serves customers 
in the United States and United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Unum Group Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Unum Group Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Unum Group Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Unum Group Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Upland Software Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Upland Software Inc 
Upland Software Inc provides cloud-based 
enterprise work management software. The 
company offers software applications that enable 
organizations to plan, manage and execute 
projects and work. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Upland Software Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Upland Software Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Upland Software Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Upland Software Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short UPM-Kymmene Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
UPM-Kymmene Oyj 
UPM-Kymmene Oyj manufactures forest products. 
The company focuses on magazine papers, 
newsprint, and fine and specialty papers. UPM-
Kymmene also makes self-adhesive labels, 
siliconized papers, industrial wrappings, and 
packaging papers. The company's wood products 
division produces sawn products, plywood, and 
other building materials. UPM-Kymmene is active 
in worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short UPM-Kymmene Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short UPM-Kymmene Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long UPM-Kymmene Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long UPM-Kymmene Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Upstart Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Upstart Holdings Inc 
Upstart Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides cloud-based artificial intelligence (AI) 
lending platform to improve access of credit while 
reducing the risk and costs of lending for bank 
partners. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Upstart Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Upstart Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Upstart Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Upstart Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 361 ---
361 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short US Bancorp Index 
-1 
Short 
US Bancorp 
U.S. Bancorp is a diversified financial services 
company that provides lending and depository 
services, cash management, foreign exchange and 
trust and investment management services. The 
company also provides credit card services, 
mortgage banking, insurance, brokerage, and 
leasing. U.S Bancorp operates in the Midwest and 
Western United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short US Bancorp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short US Bancorp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long US Bancorp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long US Bancorp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short US DOLLAR Index 
-1 
Short 
US DOLLAR 
#N/A Field Not Applicable 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short US DOLLAR Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short US DOLLAR Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long US DOLLAR Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long US DOLLAR Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short US Foods Holding Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
US Foods Holding Corp 
US Foods Holding Corp. operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
provides catering services. US Foods Holding 
serves healthcare, hospitality, educational, 
government facilities, and other sectors in the 
United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short US Foods Holding Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short US Foods Holding Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long US Foods Holding Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long US Foods Holding Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short UWM Holdings Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
UWM Holdings Corp 
UWM Holdings Corporation operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries, 
underwrites and provides closing documentation 
for residential mortgage loans originated by 
independent mortgage brokers, correspondents, 
small banks, and local credit unions. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short UWM Holdings Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short UWM Holdings Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long UWM Holdings Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long UWM Holdings Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vail Resorts Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Vail Resorts Inc 
Vail Resorts, Inc. operates resorts in Colorado. The 
company's resorts include Vail Mountain, a ski 
mountain complex, and Beaver Creek Resort, a 
family oriented mountain resort. Vail Resorts also 
operates Breckenridge Mountain, a destination 
resort with apres-ski activities and Keystone 
Resort, a year-round family vacation destination. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vail Resorts Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vail Resorts Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vail Resorts Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vail Resorts Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Valeo Index 
-1 
Short 
Valeo 
Valeo designs and manufactures automobile 
components. The company offers clutches, engine 
cooling parts, lighting, electrical systems, 
windshield wipers, motors and actuators, security 
systems, electronics, and connective systems. 
Valeo serves automotive industry worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Valeo Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Valeo Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Valeo Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Valeo Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Valero Energy Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Valero Energy Corp 
Valero Energy Corporation is an independent 
petroleum refining and marketing company that 
owns and operates refineries in the United States, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Valero Energy Corp Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 362 ---
362 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Valero Energy Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Canada, and Aruba. The company produces 
conventional gasolines, distillates, jet fuel, asphalt, 
petrochemicals, lubricants, and other refined 
products, as well as offers diesel fuel, low-sulfur 
and ultra-low-sulfur diesel fuel, and oxygenates. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Valero Energy Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Valero Energy Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Valmet Oyj Index 
-1 
Short 
Valmet Oyj 
Valmet Corporation develops and supplies 
services and technologies. The company offers its 
products and services, including new machinery 
and plants, rebuilds, and process controls and 
other related services, to the pulp, paper, and 
energy industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Valmet Oyj Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Valmet Oyj Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Valmet Oyj Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Valmet Oyj Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Valmont Industries Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Valmont Industries Inc 
Valmont Industries, Inc. designs and manufactures 
poles, towers, and structures for lighting, 
communication, and utility markets and provides 
protective coating services for infrastructure. The 
company also manufactures and distributes 
industrial and agricultural irrigation products in 
addition to a wide variety of fabricated products 
for commercial and industrial applications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Valmont Industries Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Valmont Industries Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Valmont Industries Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Valmont Industries Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Valvoline Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Valvoline Inc 
Valvoline, Inc. manufactures and distributes 
automotive lubricants and chemicals. The 
company produces motor oil, antifreeze, brake 
fluid, and grease products. Valvoline serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Valvoline Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Valvoline Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Valvoline Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Valvoline Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Varonis Systems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Varonis Systems Inc 
Varonis Systems, Inc. designs and develops data 
security software solutions. The company offers 
data management systems to organize, manage, 
and protect unstructured and semi-structured 
data such as documents, spreadsheets, 
presentations, media files, and other business 
data. Varonis Systems operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Varonis Systems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Varonis Systems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Varonis Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Varonis Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short VAT Group AG Index 
-1 
Short 
VAT Group AG 
VAT Group AG is a developer, manufacturer and 
supplier of vacuum valves, multi-valve modules 
and edge-welded bellows for use in 
semiconductor, display and solar panel 
manufacturing. The company provides its 
products around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short VAT Group AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short VAT Group AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long VAT Group AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long VAT Group AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Veeco Instruments Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Veeco Instruments Inc 
Veeco Instruments Inc. manufactures enabling 
solutions for customers in the HB-LED, solar, data 
storage, semiconductor, scientific research, and 
industrial markets. The company has technology 
positions in three businesses, LED and solar 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Veeco Instruments Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Veeco Instruments Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Veeco Instruments Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 363 ---
363 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Veeco Instruments Inc Index 
3 
Long 
process equipment, data storage process 
equipment, and metrology instruments. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Veeva Systems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Veeva Systems Inc 
Veeva Systems Inc. provides cloud-based business 
services. The company offers enterprise 
applications, multichannel platform, customer 
relationship, and content management solutions. 
Veeva Systems serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Veeva Systems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Veeva Systems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Veeva Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Veeva Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Velodyne Lidar Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Velodyne Lidar Inc 
Velodyne Lidar, Inc. operates as an automotive 
technology company. The company develops 
silicon valley-based lidar technology company 
spun off from velodyne acoustics. Velodyne Lidar 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Velodyne Lidar Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Velodyne Lidar Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Velodyne Lidar Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Velodyne Lidar Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Ventas Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Ventas Inc 
Ventas, Inc. is a real estate investment trust. The 
trust owns seniors housing communities, skilled 
nursing facilities, hospitals, and medical office 
buildings in the United States and Canada. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Ventas Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Ventas Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Ventas Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Ventas Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Veolia Environnement SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Veolia Environnement SA 
Veolia Environnement provides optimized 
resource management services. The company 
designs and provides water, waste, and energy 
management solutions. Veolia Environnement 
operates in France. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Veolia Environnement SA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Veolia Environnement SA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Veolia Environnement SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Veolia Environnement SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Veracyte Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Veracyte Inc 
Veracyte, Inc. develops molecular tests for 
oncology. The company offers molecular cytology 
and tests for the diagnostic accuracy of cytology 
samples. Veracyte provides its products and 
services to healthcare and molecular diagnostic 
companies in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Veracyte Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Veracyte Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Veracyte Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Veracyte Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Verbund AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Verbund AG 
Verbund AG provides integrated electric 
generations, transmission, and distribution 
services. The company produces power through 
the operation of hydro-electric, thermal, and wind 
power generators. Verbund transmits and 
distributes power to customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Verbund AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Verbund AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Verbund AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Verbund AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Verint Systems Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Verint Systems Inc

--- Page 364 ---
364 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Verint Systems Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Verint Systems Inc. provides analytic solutions for 
communications, interception, digital video 
security and surveillance, and enterprise business 
intelligence. The company's software generates 
actionable intelligence through the collection, 
retention, and analysis of voice, fax, video, email, 
internet, and data transmission from various types 
of communications networks. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Verint Systems Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Verint Systems Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Verint Systems Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short VeriSign Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
VeriSign Inc 
VeriSign, Inc. operates as a provider of domain 
name registry services and internet infrastructure. 
The company enables the security, stability, and 
resiliency of key internet infrastructure and 
services, as well as provides root zone maintainer 
services. VeriSign serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short VeriSign Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short VeriSign Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long VeriSign Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long VeriSign Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Verisk Analytics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Verisk Analytics Inc 
Verisk Analytics, Inc. conducts risk assessment 
services and decision analytics. The company 
offers data, statistical, and actuarial services, as 
well as standardized insurance policy programs, 
underwriting information, and rating-integrity 
tools. Verisk Analytics provides data and software 
information services to the property, casualty, and 
mortgage fields in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Verisk Analytics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Verisk Analytics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Verisk Analytics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Verisk Analytics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Verizon Communications Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Verizon Communications 
Inc 
Verizon Communications Inc. is an integrated 
telecommunications company that provides wire 
line voice and data services, wireless services, 
Internet services, and published directory 
information. The company also provides network 
services for the federal government including 
business phone lines, data services, 
telecommunications equipment, and payphones. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Verizon Communications Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Verizon Communications Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Verizon Communications Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Verizon Communications Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Verra Mobility Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Verra Mobility Corp 
Verra Mobility Corporation designs and develops 
mobility software. The company offers speed, bus 
lane, railroad crossing, and school bus top arm 
enforcement and enforcement ticketing, as well as 
crash reports and video-enabled crime data 
analysis solutions. Verra Mobility serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Verra Mobility Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Verra Mobility Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Verra Mobility Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Verra Mobility Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vertex Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Vertex Inc 
Vertex, Inc. provides tax compliance software. The 
company offers tax management solutions for 
sales, value added, consumer use, communication 
service, lease, lodging, and payroll taxes. Vertex 
serves retail, telecom, publishing, information 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vertex Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vertex Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vertex Inc Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 365 ---
365 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vertex Inc Index 
3 
Long 
systems, and industrial machinery industries in the 
State of Pennsylvania. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Vertex Pharmaceuticals 
Inc 
Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated discovers, 
develops, and commercializes pharmaceutical 
products. The company develops drugs for the 
treatment of cystic fibrosis, cancer, inflammatory 
bowel, autoimmune disease, and neurological 
disorders. Vertex Pharmaceuticals serves 
healthcare sector worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vertiv Holdings Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Vertiv Holdings Co 
Vertiv Holdings Co operates as a holding company. 
The company, through its subsidiaries, provides 
electrical power equipment, thermal 
management, racks and enclosures, monitoring 
and management, tools, and other services. Vertiv 
Holdings serves data centers, communication 
networks, commercial, and industrial 
environments worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vertiv Holdings Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vertiv Holdings Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vertiv Holdings Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vertiv Holdings Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vestas Wind Systems A/S Index 
-1 
Short 
Vestas Wind Systems A/S 
Vestas Wind Systems A/S develops, manufactures, 
and markets wind turbines that generate 
electricity. The company installs and maintenance 
turbines. Vestas Wind Systems serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vestas Wind Systems A/S Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vestas Wind Systems A/S Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vestas Wind Systems A/S Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vestas Wind Systems A/S Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short VF Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
VF Corp 
VF Corporation is an international apparel 
company. The company owns a broad portfolio of 
brands in the jeanswear, outerwear, packs, 
footwear, sportswear, and occupational apparel 
categories. VF products are marketed to 
consumers shopping in specialty stores, upscale, 
traditional department stores, national chains, 
and mass merchants. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short VF Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short VF Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long VF Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long VF Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Viasat Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Viasat Inc 
Viasat, Inc. operates as a communication 
company. The company offers broadband digital 
satellite communications and wireless networking 
services, as well as provides satellite 
communications products such as network control 
systems and information distribution systems, 
modems, terminals, and simulation test 
equipment. Viasat serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Viasat Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Viasat Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Viasat Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Viasat Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Viatris Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Viatris Inc 
Viatris Inc. operates as a pharmaceutical company. 
The company produces medicines for patients 
across broad range of major therapeutic areas 
spanning both noncommunicable and infectious 
diseases. Viatris serves clients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Viatris Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Viatris Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Viatris Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Viatris Inc Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 366 ---
366 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Viavi Solutions Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Viavi Solutions Inc 
Viavi Solutions Inc. provides network and service 
enabling solutions and optical products. The 
company offers installation, commissioning, 
scripting, custom analytics, integration, business 
intelligence consulting, operational assistance, 
field and lab testing, technical training, 
maintenance, and support services. Viavi Solutions 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Viavi Solutions Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Viavi Solutions Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Viavi Solutions Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Viavi Solutions Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short VICI Properties Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
VICI Properties Inc 
VICI Properties Inc. is an experiential real estate 
investment trust that owns one of the largest 
portfolios of market-leading gaming, hospitality 
and entertainment destinations, including the 
world-renowned Caesars Palace. VICI Properties' 
strategy is to create the nation's highest quality 
and most productive experiential real estate 
portfolio. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short VICI Properties Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short VICI Properties Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long VICI Properties Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long VICI Properties Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Victoria's Secret & Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Victoria's Secret & Co 
Victoria's Secret & Co retails apparel and 
accessories for women. The company offers 
lingeries, bras, panties, pajamas, sleepwear, 
swimsuits, and other apparel, as well as offers 
personal care and beauty products. Victoria's 
Secret serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Victoria's Secret & Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Victoria's Secret & Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Victoria's Secret & Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Victoria's Secret & Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Victrex PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Victrex PLC 
Victrex plc manufactures and sells a 
thermoplastic, under the trade mark PEEK. Their 
PEEK products are used primarily by compounders 
and processors, in order to manufacture products 
in a range of industrial applications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Victrex PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Victrex PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Victrex PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Victrex PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vifor Pharma AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Vifor Pharma AG 
Vifor Pharma AG researches, develops, produces, 
and markets pharmaceutical products. The 
company offers pharmaceutical drugs for iron 
deficiency, nephrology, and cardio-renal 
therapies. Vifor Pharma serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vifor Pharma AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vifor Pharma AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vifor Pharma AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vifor Pharma AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vimeo Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Vimeo Inc 
Vimeo, Inc. provides software solutions. The 
company develops video software solutions which 
enables its users to create, collaborate, and 
communicate with video on a single, turnkey 
platform. Vimeo serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vimeo Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vimeo Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vimeo Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vimeo Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vinci SA Index 
-1 
Short 
Vinci SA 
VINCI SA is a global player in concessions and 
construction with expertise in building, civil, 
hydraulic, and electrical engineering. The 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vinci SA Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 367 ---
367 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vinci SA Index 
-3 
Short 
company offers construction-related specialities 
and road materials production, as well as finance, 
management, operations and maintenance of 
public infrastructure such as motorways, airports, 
and road and rail infrastructures. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vinci SA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vinci SA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Virgin Galactic Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Virgin Galactic Holdings 
Inc 
Virgin Galactic Holdings Inc. develops space 
vehicles. The company designs exploration 
technology such as missiles, rockets, and other 
related equipment. Virgin Galactic Holdings serves 
customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Virgin Galactic Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Virgin Galactic Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Virgin Galactic Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Virgin Galactic Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Virgin Money UK PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Virgin Money UK PLC 
Virgin Money UK PLC provides financial services. 
The company offers online mobile solutions such 
as banking and other related activities. Virgin 
Money UK serves customers in the United 
Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Virgin Money UK PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Virgin Money UK PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Virgin Money UK PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Virgin Money UK PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Virtu Financial Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Virtu Financial Inc 
Virtu is a global financial services firm and market 
maker that leverages technology to provide 
liquidity, execution services and data, analytics 
and connectivity products to its clients. Virtu's 
product offerings allow clients to trade on 
hundreds of venues across 50+ countries and in 
multiple asset classes, including global equities, 
ETFs, Fx, futures, fixed income and commodities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Virtu Financial Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Virtu Financial Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Virtu Financial Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Virtu Financial Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Visa Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Visa Inc 
Visa Inc. operates a retail electronic payments 
network and manages global financial services. 
The company also offers global commerce 
through the transfer of value and information 
among financial institutions, merchants, 
consumers, businesses, and government entities. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Visa Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Visa Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Visa Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Visa Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vishay Intertechnology Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Vishay Intertechnology 
Inc 
Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. manufactures a broad 
line of passive and discreet active electronic 
components, particularly resistors, capacitors, 
inductors, diodes, and transistors. The company's 
products are utilized in computers, telephones, 
televisions, automobiles, household appliance, 
medical equipment, satellites, and military and 
aerospace equipment. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vishay Intertechnology Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vishay Intertechnology Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vishay Intertechnology Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vishay Intertechnology Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vistra Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Vistra Corp 
Vistra Corp. provides utility services. The company 
generates energy. Vistra Corp serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vistra Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vistra Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vistra Corp Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 368 ---
368 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vistra Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vistry Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Vistry Group PLC 
Vistry Group PLC provides home construction 
services. The company builds and sells single-
family houses, apartments, retirement facilities, 
and social housing units. Vistry Group serves 
customers in the United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vistry Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vistry Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vistry Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vistry Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vitrolife AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Vitrolife AB 
Vitrolife AB is an international biotechnology 
corporation.  The company develops, produces, 
and markets products for creating, prolonging, 
and improving life.  Vitrolife focuses on fertility 
treatments, cell therapy and tissue engineering, 
organ transplantation systems, and products base 
on hyaluronic acid.  The company researches and 
manufactures in Europe and the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vitrolife AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vitrolife AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vitrolife AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vitrolife AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vivendi SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Vivendi SE 
Vivendi SE, through its subsidiaries, conducts 
operations ranging from music, games, and 
television to film and telecommunications. The 
company provides digital and pay television 
services, sells music compact discs (CDs), develops 
and distributes interactive entertainment, and 
operates mobile and fixed-line 
telecommunications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vivendi SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vivendi SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vivendi SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vivendi SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short VMware Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
VMware Inc 
VMware, Inc. provides virtualization solutions 
from the desktop to the data center. The company 
offers products that addresses a range of IT 
problems which includes cost and operational 
inefficiencies, business continuity, software 
lifecycle management, and desktop management. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short VMware Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short VMware Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long VMware Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long VMware Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vodafone Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Vodafone Group PLC 
Vodafone Group PLC provides wireless 
communication services. The company offers 
mobile telecommunications services including 
voice and data communications. Vodafone Group 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vodafone Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vodafone Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vodafone Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vodafone Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vodafone Group PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Vodafone Group PLC 
Vodafone Group PLC provides wireless 
communication services. The company offers 
mobile telecommunications services including 
voice and data communications. Vodafone Group 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vodafone Group PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vodafone Group PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vodafone Group PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vodafone Group PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short voestalpine AG Index 
-1 
Short 
voestalpine AG

--- Page 369 ---
369 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short voestalpine AG Index 
-2 
Short 
voestalpine AG produces, processes, and 
distributes steel products. The company supplies 
flat and long steel products to the automotive, 
household appliance, railroad equipment, and oil 
and gas industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short voestalpine AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long voestalpine AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long voestalpine AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Volkswagen AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Volkswagen AG 
Volkswagen AG manufactures and sells vehicles. 
The company offers economy and luxury 
automobiles, sports cars, trucks, and commercial 
vehicles. Volkswagen serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Volkswagen AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Volkswagen AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Volkswagen AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Volkswagen AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Volvo AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Volvo AB 
Aktiebolaget Volvo operates as a commercial 
vehicle manufacturer. The company manufactures 
trucks, buses, engines, and construction 
equipment, as well as provides financial services. 
Volvo serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Volvo AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Volvo AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Volvo AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Volvo AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Volvo Car AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Volvo Car AB 
Volvo Car AB manufactures, designs, and supplies 
automobiles. The company offers wide range of 
cars, truck, and vans. Volvo Car serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Volvo Car AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Volvo Car AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Volvo Car AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Volvo Car AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vonage Holdings Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Vonage Holdings Corp 
Vonage Holdings Corporation provides 
telecommunications services. The company offers 
technology that uses customers' existing high-
speed internet connection to make and receive 
phone calls worldwide with a touch-tone 
telephone. Vonage Holdings serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vonage Holdings Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vonage Holdings Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vonage Holdings Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vonage Holdings Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vonovia SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Vonovia SE 
Vonovia SE provides real estate services. The 
company manages, leases, and sells apartments. 
Vonovia offers residential real estate to customers 
throughout Germany. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vonovia SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vonovia SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vonovia SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vonovia SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vontier Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Vontier Corp 
Vontier Corporation operates as an industrial 
technology company. The company offers 
environmental sensors, fueling equipment, field 
payment hardware, remote management and 
workflow software, vehicle tracking, and fleet 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vontier Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vontier Corp Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 370 ---
370 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vontier Corp Index 
2 
Long 
management software solutions. Vontier serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vontier Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vornado Realty Trust Index 
-1 
Short 
Vornado Realty Trust 
Vornado Realty Trust is a fully-integrated real 
estate investment trust. The trust owns, manages, 
and leases office properties in New York City, 
Chicago and San Francisco. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vornado Realty Trust Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vornado Realty Trust Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vornado Realty Trust Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vornado Realty Trust Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Voya Financial Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Voya Financial Inc 
Voya Financial, Inc. provides retirement planning, 
investment, and insurance services. The company 
offers asset accumulation, protection, and 
distribution products and services to individual 
and institutional customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Voya Financial Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Voya Financial Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Voya Financial Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Voya Financial Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vroom Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Vroom Inc 
Vroom, Inc. retails automobiles. The company 
offers new and used cars, spare parts, and 
accessories, as well as provides maintenance, 
repairing, funding, insurance, and vehicle renting 
services. Vroom serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vroom Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vroom Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vroom Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vroom Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Vulcan Materials Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Vulcan Materials Co 
Vulcan Materials Company produces construction 
aggregates. The company's principal product lines 
are aggregates, asphalt mix and concrete, and 
cement. Vulcan Materials serves customers in the 
United States of America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Vulcan Materials Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Vulcan Materials Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Vulcan Materials Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Vulcan Materials Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short W R Berkley Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
W R Berkley Corp 
W. R. Berkley Corporation operates as an 
insurance agency. The company offers property 
casualty insurance and reinsurance products. W. 
R. Berkley serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short W R Berkley Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short W R Berkley Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long W R Berkley Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long W R Berkley Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Walgreens Boots Alliance 
Inc 
Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., operates retail 
drugstores that offer a wide variety of prescription 
and non-prescription drugs as well as general 
goods. The company also offers health services, 
including primary and acute care, wellness, 
pharmacy and disease management services, and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 371 ---
371 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
health and fitness. Walgreens Boots Alliance 
serves customers in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wallenstam AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Wallenstam AB 
Wallenstam AB is a real estate company in 
Sweden.  The company acquires, manages, 
refurbishes, and sells residential and commercial 
properties. Wallenstam owns properties in 
Stockholm, Gothenburg, and Helsingborg. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wallenstam AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wallenstam AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wallenstam AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wallenstam AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Walmart Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Walmart Inc 
Walmart Inc. operates discount stores, 
supercenters, and neighborhood markets. The 
company offers merchandise such as apparel, 
house wares, small appliances, electronics, 
musical instruments, books, home improvement, 
shoes, jewelry, toddler, games, household 
essentials, pets, pharmaceutical products, party 
supplies, and automotive tools. Walmart serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Walmart Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Walmart Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Walmart Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Walmart Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Walt Disney Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Walt Disney Co/The 
The Walt Disney Company is an entertainment 
company with operations in media networks, park 
experiences & consumer products, studio 
entertainment and Direct-to-Consumer networks 
and channels. The company serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Walt Disney Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Walt Disney Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Walt Disney Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Walt Disney Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Warehouses De Pauw CVA Index 
-1 
Short 
Warehouses De Pauw 
CVA 
Warehouses De Pauw SCA builds and operates 
tailor-made warehouses for storage and 
distribution in Belgium and abroad.  The company 
also specializes in sale and leaseback operations. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Warehouses De Pauw CVA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Warehouses De Pauw CVA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Warehouses De Pauw CVA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Warehouses De Pauw CVA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wartsila OYJ Abp Index 
-1 
Short 
Wartsila OYJ Abp 
Wartsila Oyj Abp provides solutions for power 
generation and marine propulsion. The company 
delivers customized power plant solutions 
including gas and oil fired power plants. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wartsila OYJ Abp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wartsila OYJ Abp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wartsila OYJ Abp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wartsila OYJ Abp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Waste Management Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Waste Management Inc 
Waste Management, Inc. provides waste 
management services including collection, 
transfer, recycling, resource recovery, and 
disposal services, and operates waste-to-energy 
facilities. The company serves municipal, 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Waste Management Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Waste Management Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 372 ---
372 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Waste Management Inc Index 
2 
Long 
commercial, industrial, and residential customers 
throughout North America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Waste Management Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Watches of Switzerland Group P 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Watches of Switzerland 
Group P 
Watches of Switzerland Group PLC owns and 
operates watch show rooms. The company offers 
men's and women's watches, as well as watch 
servicing, repair, restoration, battery change, and 
reproofing services. Watches of Switzerland Group 
and serves customers in the United Kingdom. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Watches of Switzerland Group P 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Watches of Switzerland Group P 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Watches of Switzerland Group P 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Watches of Switzerland Group P 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Waters Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Waters Corp 
Waters Corporation provides high-performance 
liquid chromatography products and services. The 
company distributes its products worldwide to a 
wide range of industries such as pharmaceuticals, 
chemicals, and environmental testing. Waters also 
designs, manufactures, sells, and services thermal 
analysis, rheometry, calorimetry instruments, and 
related software products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Waters Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Waters Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Waters Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Waters Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Watsco Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Watsco Inc 
Watsco, Inc. distributes air conditioning, heating, 
and refrigeration equipment, as well as related 
parts and supplies. The company operates various 
locations in the United States, with primary 
markets in the Sunbelt. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Watsco Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Watsco Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Watsco Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Watsco Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wayfair Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Wayfair Inc 
Wayfair, Inc. retails household goods. The 
company offers bedroom, living room, kitchen and 
dining, home entertainment, home office, game 
room and bar, patio, hallway and entryway, and 
bathroom furniture. Wayfair offers products and 
services in the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wayfair Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wayfair Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wayfair Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wayfair Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Webster Financial Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Webster Financial Corp 
Webster Financial Corporation is a bank holding 
company. The company's banking subsidiary 
provides a wide range of financial services to 
individuals, families, and businesses throughout 
southern New England and eastern New York 
State. Webster provides business and consumer 
banking, mortgage lending, financial planning, 
trust and investment services, as well as Internet 
banking. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Webster Financial Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Webster Financial Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Webster Financial Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Webster Financial Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short WEC Energy Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
WEC Energy Group Inc 
WEC Energy Group, Inc. operates as an electric 
and natural gas delivery company. The company 
manages electric and natural gas distribution and 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short WEC Energy Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 373 ---
373 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short WEC Energy Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
transmission lines, as well as power plants. WEC 
Energy Group serves customers in Wisconsin, 
Illinois, Michigan, and Minnesota. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long WEC Energy Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long WEC Energy Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Weir Group PLC/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Weir Group PLC/The 
The Weir Group PLC is an engineering solutions 
provider focused on the minerals, oil and gas and 
power markets. The company manufactures and 
supplies engineering products and services for 
mining and minerals processing, power 
generation, oil and gas production, water supply 
and other industrial uses, as well as supplies 
pumps, valves, compressors, and turbines. Weir 
Group serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Weir Group PLC/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Weir Group PLC/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Weir Group PLC/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Weir Group PLC/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wells Fargo & Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Wells Fargo & Co 
Wells Fargo & Company operates as a diversified 
financial services. The company provides banking, 
insurance, investments, mortgage, leasing, credit 
cards, and consumer finance. Wells Fargo & 
Company serves physical stores, internet, and 
other distribution channels worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wells Fargo & Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wells Fargo & Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wells Fargo & Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wells Fargo & Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Welltower Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Welltower Inc 
Welltower Inc. operates as a real estate 
investment trust. The trust invests in senior 
housing and health care real estate properties. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Welltower Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Welltower Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Welltower Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Welltower Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wendel SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Wendel SE 
Wendel SE operates as an investment firm. The 
company internationally invests in industrial and 
services companies, such as paint manufacturers, 
waste collection, building materials, equipment, 
electronics, insurance, telecommunications, and 
other industries. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wendel SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wendel SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wendel SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wendel SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wendy's Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Wendy's Co/The 
The Wendy's Company operates fast-food 
restaurants. The company owns, operates, and 
franchises fast-food restaurants located 
throughout countries that include the United 
States, Singapore, the Middle East and North 
Africa, the Eastern Caribbean, Argentina, the 
Philippines and Japan. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wendy's Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wendy's Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wendy's Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wendy's Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short West Pharmaceutical Services I 
Index 
-1 
Short 
West Pharmaceutical 
Services I 
West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. applies value-
added services to the process of bringing new 
drug therapies and healthcare products to global 
markets. The company's technologies include the 
design and manufacture of packaging 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short West Pharmaceutical Services I 
Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 374 ---
374 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short West Pharmaceutical Services I 
Index 
-3 
Short 
components, research and development of drug 
delivery systems, and contract laboratory services 
and other services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long West Pharmaceutical Services I 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long West Pharmaceutical Services I 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Western Alliance Bancorp Index 
-1 
Short 
Western Alliance 
Bancorp 
Western Alliance Bancorp is a multi-bank holding 
company. The company provides a full range of 
banking and related services to businesses and 
consumers in Nevada, Arizona, and California. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Western Alliance Bancorp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Western Alliance Bancorp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Western Alliance Bancorp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Western Alliance Bancorp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Western Digital Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Western Digital Corp 
Western Digital Corporation is a global provider of 
solutions for the collection, storage, management, 
protection and use of digital content, including 
audio and video. The company's products include 
hard drives, solid-state drives, and home 
entertainment and networking products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Western Digital Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Western Digital Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Western Digital Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Western Digital Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Western Union Co/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Western Union Co/The 
The Western Union Company offers global money 
transfer services. The company offers consumer to 
consumer money transfer and bill paying services, 
and sells money orders. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Western Union Co/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Western Union Co/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Western Union Co/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Western Union Co/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Westinghouse Air Brake Technol 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Westinghouse Air Brake 
Technol 
Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies 
Corporation, doing business as Wabtec 
Corporation provides technology products and 
services for the rail industry on a worldwide basis. 
The company manufactures a range of products 
for locomotives, freight cars, and passenger transit 
vehicles. Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies 
also builds new locomotives and provides 
aftermarket services. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Westinghouse Air Brake Technol 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Westinghouse Air Brake Technol 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Westinghouse Air Brake Technol 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Westinghouse Air Brake Technol 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Westlake Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Westlake Corp 
Westlake Corporation manufactures and supplies 
diversified industrial and essential products. The 
company offers products such as food packaging, 
medical devices, soaps and detergents, car 
interiors, fashion, toys, shoes, furniture, 
electronics, siding, stone veneer, windows, 
outdoor living, roofing, and pipe and fittings. 
Westlake serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Westlake Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Westlake Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Westlake Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Westlake Corp Index 
3 
Long

--- Page 375 ---
375 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Westrock Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Westrock Co 
WestRock Company provides corrugated 
packaging solutions. The company offers 
merchandising displays, paperboard, folding 
cartons, kraft papers, protective packaging, and 
pulp. WestRock serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Westrock Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Westrock Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Westrock Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Westrock Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short WEX Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
WEX Inc 
WEX Inc. provides payment processing and 
information management services to the United 
States commercial and government vehicle fleet 
industry. The company markets services directly to 
businesses and government agencies with vehicle 
fleets, automotive manufacturers, and fuel 
retailers. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short WEX Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short WEX Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long WEX Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long WEX Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Weyerhaeuser Co Index 
-1 
Short 
Weyerhaeuser Co 
Weyerhaeuser Company is an integrated forest 
products company with offices and operations 
worldwide. The company primarily grows and 
harvests trees, develops and construct real estate, 
and makes a range of forest products. 
Weyerhaeuser is also classified as a REIT. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Weyerhaeuser Co Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Weyerhaeuser Co Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Weyerhaeuser Co Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Weyerhaeuser Co Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Whirlpool Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Whirlpool Corp 
Whirlpool Corporation manufactures and markets 
major home appliances. The company provides 
principal products include laundry appliances, 
refrigeration, room air conditioning equipment, 
cooking appliances, dishwashers, and mixers and 
other small household appliances. Whirlpool 
serves customers worldwide 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Whirlpool Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Whirlpool Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Whirlpool Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Whirlpool Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Whitbread PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Whitbread PLC 
Whitbread PLC is a hotel and restaurant group. 
The company operates businesses in budget 
hotels, restaurants, and coffee shops. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Whitbread PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Whitbread PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Whitbread PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Whitbread PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short White Mountains Insurance Grou 
Index 
-1 
Short 
White Mountains 
Insurance Grou 
White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. provides 
insurance services. The company offers property 
and casualty insurance and reinsurance products. 
White Mountains Insurance Group serves 
customers in the United States and Bermuda. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short White Mountains Insurance Grou 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short White Mountains Insurance Grou 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long White Mountains Insurance Grou 
Index 
2 
Long

--- Page 376 ---
376 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long White Mountains Insurance Grou 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wienerberger AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Wienerberger AG 
Wienerberger AG produces construction 
materials. The company manufactures bricks, 
concrete and clay pavers, roofing, and pipes. 
Wienerberger also produces stoves, stove tiles, 
mantelpieces, decorative elements, and ceramic 
figurines. Wienerberger serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wienerberger AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wienerberger AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wienerberger AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wienerberger AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wihlborgs Fastigheter AB Index 
-1 
Short 
Wihlborgs Fastigheter AB 
Wihlborgs Fastigheter AB owns commercial 
properties principally in Malmo, Helsingborg, 
Copenhagen and Lund. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wihlborgs Fastigheter AB Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wihlborgs Fastigheter AB Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wihlborgs Fastigheter AB Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wihlborgs Fastigheter AB Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Williams Cos Inc/The Index 
-1 
Short 
Williams Cos Inc/The 
The Williams Companies, Inc. is an energy 
infrastructure company focused on connecting 
North America's hydrocarbon resource plays to 
growing markets for natural gas, natural gas 
liquids (NGLs), and olefins. The company owns and 
operates midstream gathering and processing 
assets, and interstate natural gas pipelines. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Williams Cos Inc/The Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Williams Cos Inc/The Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Williams Cos Inc/The Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Williams Cos Inc/The Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Williams-Sonoma Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Williams-Sonoma Inc 
Williams-Sonoma, Inc. retails cooking and serving 
equipment, home furnishings, and home 
accessories through retail stores, mail order 
catalogs, and e-commerce. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Williams-Sonoma Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Williams-Sonoma Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Williams-Sonoma Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Williams-Sonoma Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Willis Towers Watson PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Willis Towers Watson PLC 
Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company 
operates as an advisory, broking, and solutions 
company. The company provides a range of 
insurance brokerage, reinsurance, and risk 
management consulting services. Willis Towers 
Watson serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Willis Towers Watson PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Willis Towers Watson PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Willis Towers Watson PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Willis Towers Watson PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wintrust Financial Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Wintrust Financial Corp 
Wintrust Financial Corporation is a multi-bank 
holding company providing community-based 
banking services in various suburbs of Chicago, 
Illinois. The banks provides a variety of 
commercial and personal financial services to 
individuals, businesses, local governmental units, 
and institutions. Wintrust also has a financing 
services subsidiary and a trust subsidiary. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wintrust Financial Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wintrust Financial Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wintrust Financial Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wintrust Financial Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wise PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
Wise PLC

--- Page 377 ---
377 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wise PLC Index 
-2 
Short 
Wise PLC designs and develops software solutions. 
The company offers platform to make 
international multi-currency money transfers. 
Wise serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wise PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wise PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wise PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wix.com Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Wix.com Ltd 
Wix.com Ltd. operates and develops a web 
platform. The company's platform offers solutions 
that enable businesses, organizations, and 
individuals to develop customized websites and 
application platforms. Wix.com serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wix.com Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wix.com Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wix.com Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wix.com Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wizz Air Holdings Plc Index 
-1 
Short 
Wizz Air Holdings Plc 
Wizz Air Holdings Plc provides passenger and 
cargo air transportation services. The company 
offers flight and connection programs in Central 
and Eastern Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wizz Air Holdings Plc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wizz Air Holdings Plc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wizz Air Holdings Plc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wizz Air Holdings Plc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short WM Technology Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
WM Technology Inc 
WM Technology, Inc. operates subscription 
offerings sold to retailers and brands in the North 
American cannabis markets. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short WM Technology Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short WM Technology Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long WM Technology Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long WM Technology Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wolfspeed Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Wolfspeed Inc 
Wolfspeed, Inc. develops and manufactures 
semiconductor products. The company offers 
silicon carbide and GaN solutions for both high 
power and RF applications. Wolfspeed serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wolfspeed Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wolfspeed Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wolfspeed Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wolfspeed Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wolters Kluwer NV Index 
-1 
Short 
Wolters Kluwer NV 
Wolters Kluwer NV operates as a global 
information services and solutions provider. The 
company provides its services to professionals in 
the health, tax and accounting, risk and 
compliance, finance, and legal sectors. Wolters 
Kluwer serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wolters Kluwer NV Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wolters Kluwer NV Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wolters Kluwer NV Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wolters Kluwer NV Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Woodward Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Woodward Inc 
Woodward, Inc. designs, manufactures, and 
services energy control systems and components 
for aircraft and industrial engines and turbines. 
The company's products and services are used in 
the aerospace, power generation, oil and gas 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Woodward Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Woodward Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 378 ---
378 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Woodward Inc Index 
2 
Long 
processing, and transportation markets, which 
includes rail, marine, and light and heavy 
industrial applications. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Woodward Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Workday Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Workday Inc 
Workday, Inc. provides enterprise cloud-based 
applications. The company offers human capital, 
spend, and financial management, as well as 
payroll, initiatives and higher education solutions. 
Workday serves the finance, healthcare, 
manufacturing, education, and technology 
industries worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Workday Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Workday Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Workday Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Workday Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Workiva Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Workiva Inc 
Workiva Inc. provides cloud-based and mobile-
enabled platforms for enterprises. The company 
offers software to collect, manage, report, and 
analyze business data in real time. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Workiva Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Workiva Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Workiva Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Workiva Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short World Wrestling Entertainment 
Index 
-1 
Short 
World Wrestling 
Entertainment 
World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc. operates as a 
media and entertainment company. The company 
offers live wrestling events, television 
programming, music publishing, advertising, 
licensing, and home video streaming services. 
World Wrestling distributes its programs 
worldwide in various languages. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short World Wrestling Entertainment 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short World Wrestling Entertainment 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long World Wrestling Entertainment 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long World Wrestling Entertainment 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Worldline SA/France Index 
-1 
Short 
Worldline SA/France 
Worldline SA creates and operates digital 
transaction processing platforms. The company 
offers merchant services and terminals, mobility 
and transactional services, financial processing 
and software licensing. Worldline services 
business around the world. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Worldline SA/France Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Worldline SA/France Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Worldline SA/France Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Worldline SA/France Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short WP Carey Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
WP Carey Inc 
W.P. Carey Inc. operates as a global net-lease REIT 
that provides long-term sale-leaseback and build-
to-suit financing solutions for companies 
worldwide. In addition to its owned portfolio of 
diversified global real estate, W.P. Carey manages 
a series of non-traded REITs. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short WP Carey Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short WP Carey Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long WP Carey Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long WP Carey Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short WPP PLC Index 
-1 
Short 
WPP PLC 
WPP PLC operates a communications services 
group. The company provides operations 
encompass advertising, media investment 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short WPP PLC Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 379 ---
379 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short WPP PLC Index 
-3 
Short 
management, consultancy, public relations, 
healthcare and specialist communications, and 
branding and identity services. WPP serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long WPP PLC Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long WPP PLC Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short WW Grainger Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
WW Grainger Inc 
W.W. Grainger, Inc. distributes maintenance, 
repair, and operating supplies, and related 
information to the commercial, industrial, 
contractor, and institutional markets in North 
America. The company's products include motors, 
HVAC equipment, lighting, hand and power tools, 
pumps, and electrical equipment. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short WW Grainger Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short WW Grainger Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long WW Grainger Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long WW Grainger Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Wyndham Hotels & 
Resorts Inc 
Wyndham Hotels & Resorts, Inc. owns and 
operates hotel and resort chain. The company 
offers rooms and amenities, pools, resorts, 
meetings and events space, wedding venues, and 
breakfast packages. Wyndham Hotels & Resorts 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Wynn Resorts Ltd Index 
-1 
Short 
Wynn Resorts Ltd 
Wynn Resorts, Limited owns and operates luxury 
hotels and destination casino resorts in Las Vegas, 
Nevada, Macau, and China. The company offers 
amenities such as guest rooms and suites, 
restaurants, golf course, and an on-site luxury 
automotive dealership. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Wynn Resorts Ltd Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Wynn Resorts Ltd Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Wynn Resorts Ltd Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Wynn Resorts Ltd Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Xcel Energy Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Xcel Energy Inc 
Xcel Energy, Inc. provides electric and natural gas 
services. The company offers a variety of energy-
related services including generation, 
transmission, and distribution of electricity and 
natural gas throughout the United States. Xcel 
Energy serves customers in portions of Colorado, 
Michigan, Minnesota, New Mexico, North Dakota, 
South Dakota, Texas, and Wisconsin. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Xcel Energy Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Xcel Energy Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Xcel Energy Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Xcel Energy Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Xerox Holdings Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Xerox Holdings Corp 
Xerox Holdings Corporation operates as a holding 
company. The company, through its subsidiaries 
provides printers, scanners, supplies, and 
accessories. Xerox Holdings serves health care, 
insurance, government and retail sectors 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Xerox Holdings Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Xerox Holdings Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Xerox Holdings Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Xerox Holdings Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Xilinx Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Xilinx Inc

--- Page 380 ---
380 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Xilinx Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Xilinx, Inc. designs, develops, and markets 
complete programmable logic solutions. The 
company's solutions include advanced integrated 
circuits, software design tools, predefined system 
functions delivered as cores of logic, and field 
engineering support. Xilinx sells its products 
through several channels of distribution to 
customers in the United States and overseas. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Xilinx Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Xilinx Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Xilinx Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Xperi Holding Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Xperi Holding Corp 
Xperi Holding Corporation develops software. The 
company designs application for automobiles, 
mobiles, and homes solutions. Xperi Holding 
serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Xperi Holding Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Xperi Holding Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Xperi Holding Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Xperi Holding Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short XPO Logistics Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
XPO Logistics Inc 
XPO Logistics, Inc. provides logistics services. The 
company offers expedited airfreight forwarding, 
warehousing management, drayage, freight 
brokerage, intermodal, transportation, and 
reverse logistics. XPO Logistics serves customers 
throughout North America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short XPO Logistics Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short XPO Logistics Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long XPO Logistics Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long XPO Logistics Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Xylem Inc/NY Index 
-1 
Short 
Xylem Inc/NY 
Xylem, Inc. is a designer, manufacturer, 
equipment, and service provider for water and 
wastewater applications addressing the full-cycle 
of water from collection, distribution, and use to 
the return of water to the environment. The 
company's products include water and 
wastewater pumps, treatment and testing 
equipment, industrial pumps, valves, heat 
exchangers, and dispensing equipment. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Xylem Inc/NY Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Xylem Inc/NY Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Xylem Inc/NY Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Xylem Inc/NY Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Yara International ASA Index 
-1 
Short 
Yara International ASA 
Yara International ASA produces, distributes, and 
sells nitrogen-based mineral fertilizers and related 
industrial products. The company also sells a 
range of phosphate and potash-based mineral 
fertilizers, as well as complex and specialty 
mineral fertilizer products. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Yara International ASA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Yara International ASA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Yara International ASA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Yara International ASA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short YETI Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
YETI Holdings Inc 
YETI Holdings, Inc. operates as a holding company. 
The company, through its subsidiaries, designs, 
markets, and distributes products for the outdoor 
and recreation markets. YETI Holdings offers 
coolers, seat cushions, beverage holders, security 
cable locks and brackets, bottles, t-shirts, caps, 
gear cases, tumblers, and tie-down kits. YETI 
Holdings serves customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short YETI Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short YETI Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long YETI Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long YETI Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Yext Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Yext Inc

--- Page 381 ---
381 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Yext Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Yext, Inc. provides digital media technology 
services. The company offers advertising, 
monetization, phone, and directory services 
including business listings on search sites and real-
time reputation management. Yext serves 
customers worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Yext Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Yext Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Yext Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Yum China Holdings Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Yum China Holdings Inc 
Yum China Holdings, Inc. operates chain 
restaurants. The company offers pizza, entrees, 
pasta, rice dishes, appetizers, soups, vegetables, 
beverages, and desserts. Yum China Holding 
conducts its business worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Yum China Holdings Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Yum China Holdings Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Yum China Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Yum China Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Yum! Brands Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Yum! Brands Inc 
Yum! Brands, Inc, owns and franchises quick-
service restaurants worldwide. The company 
develops, operates, franchises, and licenses a 
worldwide system of restaurants which prepare, 
package, and sell a menu of food items. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Yum! Brands Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Yum! Brands Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Yum! Brands Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Yum! Brands Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zalando SE Index 
-1 
Short 
Zalando SE 
Zalando SE provides online sale of fashion 
accessories. The company offers clothing, sports 
products, shoes, bags, and other accessories for 
men, women, and children. Zalando markets its 
products in Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zalando SE Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zalando SE Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zalando SE Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zalando SE Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zebra Technologies Corp Index 
-1 
Short 
Zebra Technologies Corp 
Zebra Technologies Corporation designs and 
manufactures enterprise mobile computers, 
advanced data capture devices, such as laser, 2D 
and RFID scanners and readers, and specialty 
printers for barcode labeling and personal 
identification. The company also produces WLAN 
products, real-time location systems, related 
supplies, and application software. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zebra Technologies Corp Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zebra Technologies Corp Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zebra Technologies Corp Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zebra Technologies Corp Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zendesk Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Zendesk Inc 
Zendesk, Inc. provides web-based help desk 
software with customer support platform. The 
company offers applications that allow clients to 
manage incoming support requests from end 
customers from any Internet connected 
computer. Zendesk serves customers in the United 
States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zendesk Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zendesk Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zendesk Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zendesk Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zillow Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Zillow Group Inc 
Zillow Group, Inc. provides e-commerce services. 
The company provides information about homes, 
real estate listings, and mortgages through their 
website and mobile applications. Zillow serves 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zillow Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zillow Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 382 ---
382 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zillow Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
homeowners, buyers, sellers, renters, and real 
estate professionals throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zillow Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zillow Group Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Zillow Group Inc 
Zillow Group, Inc. provides e-commerce services. 
The company provides information about homes, 
real estate listings, and mortgages through their 
website and mobile applications. Zillow serves 
homeowners, buyers, sellers, renters, and real 
estate professionals throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zillow Group Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zillow Group Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zillow Group Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zillow Group Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Zimmer Biomet Holdings 
Inc 
Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. designs, develops, 
manufactures, and markets medical equipment. 
The company offers orthopedic, dental, and spinal 
reconstructive implants, as well as bone cement 
and related surgical products. Zimmer Biomet 
Holdings serves patients worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zions Bancorp NA Index 
-1 
Short 
Zions Bancorp NA 
Zions Bancorporation, N.A. provides personal and 
commercial banking services. The bank offers 
deposits, personal loans, e-banking, trade finance, 
foreign exchange, mortgage, and other banking 
services. Zions Bancorp serves customers 
throughout the United States. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zions Bancorp NA Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zions Bancorp NA Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zions Bancorp NA Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zions Bancorp NA Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zoetis Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Zoetis Inc 
Zoetis Inc. discovers, develops, manufactures, and 
commercializes animal health medicines and 
vaccines, with a focus on both livestock and 
companion animals. The company markets its 
products in North America, Europe, Africa, Asia, 
Australia, and Latin America. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zoetis Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zoetis Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zoetis Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zoetis Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zoom Video Communications Inc 
Index 
-1 
Short 
Zoom Video 
Communications Inc 
Zoom Video Communications, Inc. develops a 
people-centric cloud service that transforms real-
time collaboration experience. The company 
offers unified meeting experience, a cloud service 
that provides a 3-in-1 meeting platform with HD 
video conferencing, mobility, and web meetings. 
Zoom Video Communications serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zoom Video Communications Inc 
Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zoom Video Communications Inc 
Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zoom Video Communications Inc 
Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zoom Video Communications Inc 
Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zscaler Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Zscaler Inc

--- Page 383 ---
383 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Underlying asset description 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zscaler Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Zscaler, Inc. operates as a security software 
company. The company offers cloud-based 
platform that provides web and mobile security, 
threat protection, cloud application visibility, and 
networking solutions. Zscaler serves clients 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zscaler Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zscaler Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zscaler Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zuora Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Zuora Inc 
Zuora, Inc. develops cloud based software. The 
company offers an online subscription billing and 
management platform that provides pricing 
subscription orders, rating, accounting, and 
payment services. Zuora operates worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zuora Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zuora Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zuora Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zuora Inc Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zur Rose Group AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Zur Rose Group AG 
Zur Rose Group AG retails pharmaceutical 
products. The company offers allergy relief, 
tranquilizers and sleeping, facial, skin, hair, 
cardiovascular, stomach, dental, hygiene, pain, 
and injury medicines, as well as insecticides and 
animal care products. Zur Rose Group operates in 
Europe. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zur Rose Group AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zur Rose Group AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zur Rose Group AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zur Rose Group AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zurich Insurance Group AG Index 
-1 
Short 
Zurich Insurance Group 
AG 
Zurich Insurance Group AG provides insurance-
based financial services. The company offers 
general and life insurance products and services 
for individuals, small businesses, commercial 
enterprises, mid-sized and large corporations, and 
multinational companies. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zurich Insurance Group AG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zurich Insurance Group AG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zurich Insurance Group AG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zurich Insurance Group AG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Zynga Inc Index 
-1 
Short 
Zynga Inc 
Zynga Inc. designs and develops video game 
software. The Company offers wide range of 
online social games. Zynga serves customers 
worldwide. 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Zynga Inc Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Zynga Inc Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Zynga Inc Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Zynga Inc Index 
3 
Long 
 
 
Solactive FAANG Index 
The Index references the following underlying stocks: Meta Platforms Inc, Apple Inc, Amazon.com Inc, Netflix 
Inc and Alphabet Inc.  The Index is weighted according to each underlying stock’s free float market capitalisation 
and rebalanced equally on a quarterly basis. The index is a total return index, with the level of the Index 
calculated on the basis that any ordinary dividends declared by the issuer of the underlying stocks(s) are 
reinvested in the Index.  
Solactive FAANG Daily Short and leveraged Indices

--- Page 384 ---
384 
Each FAANG Daily Short and Leveraged Index is long or short the daily performance of the FAANG Index. 
Such performance of the FAANG Index will also be leveraged by the Index Leverage Factor. The Index 
Leverage Factor is any of +5, +3, +2, -1, -2, -3 and -5. 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
 Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short Solactive FAANG Index 
-1 
Short 
Solactive FAANG Index 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short Solactive FAANG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short Solactive FAANG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 5x Short Solactive FAANG Index 
-5 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long Solactive FAANG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long Solactive FAANG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 5x Long Solactive FAANG Index 
5 
Long 
 
Solactive FAANG Equal Weight Index 
The Index references the following underlying stocks: Meta Platforms Inc, Apple Inc, Amazon.com Inc, Netflix 
Inc and Alphabet Inc.  The weight of each underlying stocks is reset to equal weight each quarter. The index is 
a total return index, with the level of the Index calculated on the basis that any ordinary dividends declared by 
the issuer of the underlying stocks(s) are reinvested in the Index.  
Soalctive FAANG Equal Weight Daily Short and leveraged Indices 
Each FAANG EW Daily Short and Leveraged Index is long or short the daily performance of the FAANG EW 
Index. Such performance of the FAANG EW Index will also be leveraged by the Index Leverage Factor. The 
Index Leverage Factor is any of +5, +3, +2, -1, -2, -3 and -5. 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
 Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FAANG EW Index 
-1 
Short 
Solactive FAANG EW Index 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FAANG EW Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FAANG EW Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 5x Short FAANG EW Index 
-5 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FAANG EW Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FAANG EW Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 5x Long FAANG EW Index 
5 
Long 
 
Solactive GAFAM Index

--- Page 385 ---
385 
The Index references the following underlying stocks: Meta Platforms Inc, Apple Inc, Amazon.com Inc, Microsoft 
Inc and Alphabet Inc.  The Index is weighted according to each underlying stock’s free float market capitalisation 
and rebalanced equally on a quarterly basis. The index is a total return index, with the level of the Index 
calculated on the basis that any ordinary dividends declared by the issuer of the underlying stocks(s) are 
reinvested in the Index. 
Solactive GAFAM Daily Short and leveraged Indices 
Each GAFAM Daily Short and Leveraged Index is long or short the daily performance of the GAFAM Index. 
Such performance of the GAFAM Index will also be leveraged by the Index Leverage Factor. The Index 
Leverage Factor is any of +5, +3, +2, -1, -2, -3 and -5. 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
 Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short GAFAM Index 
-1 
Short 
Solactive GAFAM Index 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short GAFAM Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short GAFAM Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 5x Short GAFAM Index 
-5 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long GAFAM Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long GAFAM Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 5x Long GAFAM Index 
5 
Long 
 
Solactive GAFAM Equal Weight Index 
The Index references the following underlying stocks: Meta Platforms Inc, Apple Inc, Amazon.com Inc, Microsoft 
Inc and Alphabet Inc.  The weight of each underlying stocks is reset to equal weight each quarter. The index is 
a total return index, with the level of the Index calculated on the basis that any ordinary dividends declared by 
the issuer of the underlying stocks(s) are reinvested in the Index. 
Soalctive GAFAM Equal Weight Daily Short and leveraged Indices 
Each GAFAM EW Daily Short and Leveraged Index is long or short the daily performance of the GAFAM EW 
Index. Such performance of the GAFAM EW Index will also be leveraged by the Index Leverage Factor. The 
Index Leverage Factor is any of +5, +3, +2, -1, -2, -3 and -5. 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
 Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short GAFAM EW Index 
-1 
Short 
Solactive GAFAM EW Index 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short GAFAM EW Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short GAFAM EW Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 5x Short GAFAM EW Index 
-5 
Short

--- Page 386 ---
386 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long GAFAM EW Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long GAFAM EW Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 5x Long GAFAM EW Index 
5 
Long 
 
Solactive FATANG Index 
The Index references the following underlying stocks: Meta Platforms Inc, Apple Inc, Tesla Inc., Amazon.com 
Inc, Microsoft Inc and Alphabet Inc.  The Index is weighted according to each underlying stock’s free float market 
capitalisation and rebalanced equally on a quarterly basis. The index is a total return index, with the level of the 
Index calculated on the basis that any ordinary dividends declared by the issuer of the underlying stocks(s) are 
reinvested in the Index. 
Solactive FATANG Daily Short and leveraged Indices 
Each FATANG Daily Short and Leveraged Index is long or short the daily performance of the FATANG Index. 
Such performance of the FATANG Index will also be leveraged by the Index Leverage Factor. The Index 
Leverage Factor is any of +5, +3, +2, -1, -2, -3 and -5. 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
 Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FATANG Index 
-1 
Short 
Solactive FATANG Index 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FATANG Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FATANG Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 5x Short FATANG Index 
-5 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FATANG Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FATANG Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 5x Long FATANG Index 
5 
Long 
 
Solactive FATANG Equal Weight Index 
The Index references the following underlying stocks: Meta Platforms Inc, Apple Inc, Tesla Inc, Amazon.com 
Inc, Microsoft Inc and Alphabet Inc.  The weight of each underlying stocks is reset to equal weight each quarter. 
The index is a total return index, with the level of the Index calculated on the basis that any ordinary dividends 
declared by the issuer of the underlying stocks(s) are reinvested in the Index. 
Solactive FATANG Equal Weight Daily Short and leveraged Indices 
Each FATANG EW Daily Short and Leveraged Index is long or short the daily performance of the FATANG EW 
Index. Such performance of the FATANG EW Index will also be leveraged by the Index Leverage Factor. The 
Index Leverage Factor is any of +5, +3, +2, -1, -2, -3 and -5.

--- Page 387 ---
387 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
 Long 
or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
Solactive Daily Leverage 1x Short FATANG EW Index 
-1 
Short 
Solactive FATANG EW Index 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Short FATANG EW Index 
-2 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FATANG EW Index 
-3 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Short FATANG EW Index 
-5 
Short 
Solactive Daily Leverage 2x Long FATANG EW Index 
2 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 3x Long FATANG EW Index 
3 
Long 
Solactive Daily Leverage 5x Long FATANG EW Index 
5 
Long 
 
 
BITA Thematic Target Indices 
The Indices select stocks that operate primarily in sectors linked to new technologies or to strategies that aim 
at disrupting established sectors. Stocks must meet minimum liquidity and market capitalisation requirements 
to be eligible in the indices. Each component is equal weighted. The Indices are rebalanced quarterly and 
reconstituted on a quarterly basis. The Indices are total return indices, with the level of the Index calculated on 
the basis that any ordinary dividends declared by the issuer of the underlying stocks(s) are reinvested in the 
relevant Index. 
BITA Pure Thematic Disruptive Technologies Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Technological Innovations Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Disruptive Technology Applications Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Big Data & AI Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Robotics Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Connectivity & infrastructure Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Future of Energy Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Off world Index 
BITA Pure Thematic FinTech Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Trade and Commerce Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Mobility Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Health Care Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Digital Entertainment Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Machine Learning Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Cloud Computing Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Cybersecurity Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Data Centers Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Metaverse Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Quantum Computing Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Automation Index 
BITA Pure Thematic 3D Printing Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Drones Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Facial Recognition Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Supply Chain Automation Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Wearable Technologies Index 
BITA Pure Thematic 5G and Next Generation Networking Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Emerging Markets Internet Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Internet of Things Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Nanotechnology Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Satellite Communications Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Batteries and Energy storage Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Smart Grid Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Future Energy Production Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Space Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Deep-Sea Index 
BITA Pure Thematic e-Payment/Digital payment Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Mobile Payments Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Peer-to-Peer Lending Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Blockchain Index 
BITA Pure Thematic InsureTech Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Crypto mining and storing Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Crowdfunding Index 
BITA Pure Thematic e-Commerce Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Sharing and Gig economy Index

--- Page 388 ---
388 
BITA Pure Thematic Working from Home Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Food Delivery Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Online Projects and Document Management Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Online Education Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Autonomous Vehicles Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Electric Vehicles Index 
BITA Pure Thematic DNA Sequencing Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Gene Editing Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Immunotherapy (pandemic) Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Telemedicine & Digital health Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Cannabis Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Health wellness and nutrition Index 
BITA Pure Thematic AR/VR Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Home Entertainment Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Video Games Index 
BITA Pure Thematic E-Sports Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Sport Betting Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Social Media Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Social Platforms Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Streaming Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Smart Devices Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Smart Cities Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Industrial Internet of things Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Cleantech Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Solar Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Wind Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Hydroelectric Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Hydrogen Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Nuclear and uranium Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Next-Gen Nuclear Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Music Streaming Index 
BITA Pure Thematic Video Streaming Index 
 
BITA Sector Target Indices 
The Indices select stocks that operate primarily in a sector or is a leader in that sector. Stocks must meet 
minimum liquidity and market capitalisation requirements to be eligible in the indices. Each component is equal 
weighted. The indices are rebalanced quarterly and reconstituted on a quarterly basis. The indices are total 
return indices, with the level of the Index calculated on the basis that any ordinary dividends declared by the 
issuer of the underlying stocks(s) are reinvested in the relevant Index. 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Basic Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Basic Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Communication Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Communication Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Consumer Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Non-Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Consumer Non-Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Energy Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Energy Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Financial Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Financial Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Healthcare Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrials Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Industrials Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Real Estate Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Technology Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Technology Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Utilities Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agriculture Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Agriculture Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Building Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Forest Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Forest Products Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Interactive Media Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Interactive Media Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Media-Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Media-Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Telecommunication Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Telecommunication Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Homebuilding & Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Homebuilding & Construction Index

--- Page 389 ---
389 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Packaging & Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Personal Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Restaurants Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail -Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Retail -Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel & Leisure Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Travel & Leisure Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Vehicles & Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Vehicles & Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Beverages - Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Beverages - Non-Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Packaged Goods Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Consumer Packaged Goods Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Education Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail - Defensive Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Retail - Defensive Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Tobacco Products Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Oil & Gas Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Energy Sources Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Other Energy Sources Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Asset Management Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Asset Management Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Banks Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Banks Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Capital Markets Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Capital Markets Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Credit Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Credit Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Diversified Financial Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Diversified Financial Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Insurance Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Insurance Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Biotechnology Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Biotechnology Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Drug Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Drug Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Plans Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Healthcare Plans Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Providers & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Healthcare Providers & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Devices & Instruments Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Medical Devices & Instruments Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Diagnostics & Research Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Medical Diagnostics & Research Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Medical Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aerospace & Defense Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Aerospace & Defense Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Business Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Business Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Conglomerates Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Conglomerates Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Industrial Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Industrial Products Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Transportation Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Transportation Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Waste Management Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Waste Management Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Real Estate Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REITs Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe REITs Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Hardware Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Hardware Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Semiconductors Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Semiconductors Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Software Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Software Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Independent Power Producers Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Utilities - Independent Power Producers 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Regulated Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Utilities - Regulated Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agricultural Inputs Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Agricultural Inputs Index

--- Page 390 ---
390 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Building Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Specialty Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lumber & Wood Production Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Lumber & Wood Production Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Paper & Paper Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Paper & Paper Products Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aluminum Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Aluminum Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Copper Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Copper Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gold Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Gold Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Industrial Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Other Industrial Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Precious Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Other Precious Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Silver Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Silver Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Coking Coal Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Coking Coal Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Electronic Gaming & Multimedia Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Electronic Gaming & Multimedia Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Content & Information Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Internet Content & Information Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Advertising Agencies Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Advertising Agencies Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Broadcasting Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Broadcasting Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Entertainment Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Entertainment Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Publishing Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Publishing Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Telecom Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Telecom Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Residential Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Residential Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Apparel Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Footwear & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Footwear & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Textile Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Textile Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Packaging & Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Personal Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Restaurants Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Apparel Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Department Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Department Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Home Improvement Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Home Improvement Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Internet Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Luxury Goods Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Luxury Goods Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Specialty Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gambling Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Gambling Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Leisure Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Leisure Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lodging Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Lodging Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Resorts & Casinos Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Resorts & Casinos Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Travel Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto & Truck Dealerships Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Auto & Truck Dealerships Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Auto Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Auto Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Recreational Vehicles Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Recreational Vehicles Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Brewers Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Beverages - Brewers Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries Index

--- Page 391 ---
391 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Beverages - Non-Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Confectioners Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Confectioners Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Farm Products Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Household & Personal Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Household & Personal Products Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaged Foods Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Packaged Foods Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education & Training Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Education & Training Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Discount Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Discount Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Food Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Food Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Grocery Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Grocery Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Tobacco Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Drilling Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Oil & Gas Drilling Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas E&P Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Oil & Gas E&P Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Integrated Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Oil & Gas Integrated Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Midstream Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Oil & Gas Midstream Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Thermal Coal Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Thermal Coal Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Uranium Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Uranium Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Asset Management Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Asset Management Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Banks - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Banks - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Banks - Regional Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Banks - Regional Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Mortgage Finance Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Mortgage Finance Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Capital Markets Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Capital Markets Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Financial Data & Stock Exchanges Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Financial Data & Stock Exchanges Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Credit Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Credit Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Financial Conglomerates Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Financial Conglomerates Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Shell Companies Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Shell Companies Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Insurance - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Insurance - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Insurance - Life Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Insurance - Life Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Insurance - Property & Casualty Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Insurance - Property & Casualty Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Insurance - Reinsurance Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Insurance - Reinsurance Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Insurance - Specialty Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Insurance - Specialty Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Insurance Brokers Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Insurance Brokers Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Biotechnology Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Biotechnology Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Drug Manufacturers - General Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Drug Manufacturers - General Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Drug Manufacturers - Specialty & Generic Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Drug Manufacturers - Specialty & Generic 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Plans Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Healthcare Plans Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Health Information Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Health Information Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Care Facilities Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Medical Care Facilities Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Pharmaceutical Retailers Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Pharmaceutical Retailers Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Devices Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Medical Devices Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Instruments & Supplies Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Medical Instruments & Supplies Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Diagnostics & Research Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Diagnostics & Research Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Medical Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aerospace & Defense Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Aerospace & Defense Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consulting Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Consulting Services Index

--- Page 392 ---
392 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Rental & Leasing Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Rental & Leasing Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Security & Protection Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Security & Protection Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Business Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Specialty Business Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Staffing & Employment Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Staffing & Employment Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Conglomerates Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Conglomerates Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Products & Equipment Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Building Products & Equipment Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Engineering & Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Engineering & Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Infrastructure Operations Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Infrastructure Operations Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Industrial Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Business Equipment & Supplies Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Business Equipment & Supplies Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Electrical Equipment & Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Electrical Equipment & Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Metal Fabrication Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Metal Fabrication Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Pollution & Treatment Controls Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Pollution & Treatment Controls Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Industrial Machinery Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Specialty Industrial Machinery Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tools & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Tools & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Airlines Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Airlines Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Airports & Air Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Airports & Air Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Integrated Freight & Logistics Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Integrated Freight & Logistics Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Marine Shipping Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Marine Shipping Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Railroads Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Railroads Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Trucking Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Trucking Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Waste Management Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Waste Management Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate - Development Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Real Estate - Development Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Real Estate - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Real Estate Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REIT - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe REIT - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REIT - Healthcare Facilities Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe REIT - Healthcare Facilities Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REIT - Hotel & Motel Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe REIT - Hotel & Motel Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REIT - Industrial Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe REIT - Industrial Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REIT - Mortgage Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe REIT - Mortgage Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REIT - Office Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe REIT - Office Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REIT - Residential Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe REIT - Residential Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REIT - Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe REIT - Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REIT - Specialty Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe REIT - Specialty Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Communication Equipment Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Communication Equipment Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Computer Hardware Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Computer Hardware Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Electronics Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Consumer Electronics Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Electronic Components Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Electronic Components Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Electronics & Computer Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Electronics & Computer Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Scientific & Technical Instruments Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Scientific & Technical Instruments Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Semiconductor Equipment & Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Semiconductor Equipment & Materials 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Semiconductors Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Semiconductors Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Solar Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Solar Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Information Technology Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Information Technology Services Index

--- Page 393 ---
393 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Software - Application Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Software - Application Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Software - Infrastructure Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Software - Infrastructure Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Independent Power Producers Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Utilities - Independent Power Producers 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Renewable Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Utilities - Renewable Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Utilities - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Regulated Electric Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Utilities - Regulated Electric Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Regulated Gas Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Utilities - Regulated Gas Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Regulated Water Index 
BITA Sector Target Europe Utilities - Regulated Water Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Basic Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target World Basic Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Communication Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Communication Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Non-Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Non-Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Energy Index 
BITA Sector Target World Energy Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Financial Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Financial Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Index 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrials Index 
BITA Sector Target World Industrials Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate Index 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Technology Index 
BITA Sector Target World Technology Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities Index 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agriculture Index 
BITA Sector Target World Agriculture Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target World Building Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Forest Products Index 
BITA Sector Target World Forest Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target World Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target World Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Interactive Media Index 
BITA Sector Target World Interactive Media Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Media-Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target World Media-Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Telecommunication Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Telecommunication Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Homebuilding & Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target World Homebuilding & Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target World Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Personal Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants Index 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail -Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target World Retail -Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel & Leisure Index 
BITA Sector Target World Travel & Leisure Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Vehicles & Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target World Vehicles & Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Non-Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Packaged Goods Index 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Packaged Goods Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education Index 
BITA Sector Target World Education Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail - Defensive Index 
BITA Sector Target World Retail - Defensive Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco Products Index 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Energy Sources Index 
BITA Sector Target World Other Energy Sources Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Asset Management Index 
BITA Sector Target World Asset Management Index

--- Page 394 ---
394 
BITA Sector Target Asia Banks Index 
BITA Sector Target World Banks Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Capital Markets Index 
BITA Sector Target World Capital Markets Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Credit Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Credit Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Diversified Financial Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Diversified Financial Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Insurance Index 
BITA Sector Target World Insurance Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Biotechnology Index 
BITA Sector Target World Biotechnology Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Drug Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Drug Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Plans Index 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Plans Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Providers & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Providers & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Devices & Instruments Index 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Devices & Instruments Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Diagnostics & Research Index 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Diagnostics & Research Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aerospace & Defense Index 
BITA Sector Target World Aerospace & Defense Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Business Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Business Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Conglomerates Index 
BITA Sector Target World Conglomerates Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target World Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery Index 
BITA Sector Target World Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial Products Index 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Transportation Index 
BITA Sector Target World Transportation Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Waste Management Index 
BITA Sector Target World Waste Management Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate Index 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia REITs Index 
BITA Sector Target World REITs Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Hardware Index 
BITA Sector Target World Hardware Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Semiconductors Index 
BITA Sector Target World Semiconductors Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Software Index 
BITA Sector Target World Software Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Independent Power Producers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Independent Power Producers 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Regulated Index 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Regulated Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agricultural Inputs Index 
BITA Sector Target World Agricultural Inputs Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target World Building Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lumber & Wood Production Index 
BITA Sector Target World Lumber & Wood Production Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Paper & Paper Products Index 
BITA Sector Target World Paper & Paper Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aluminum Index 
BITA Sector Target World Aluminum Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Copper Index 
BITA Sector Target World Copper Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gold Index 
BITA Sector Target World Gold Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Industrial Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target World Other Industrial Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Precious Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target World Other Precious Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Silver Index 
BITA Sector Target World Silver Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Coking Coal Index 
BITA Sector Target World Coking Coal Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target World Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Electronic Gaming & Multimedia Index 
BITA Sector Target World Electronic Gaming & Multimedia Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Content & Information Index 
BITA Sector Target World Internet Content & Information Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Advertising Agencies Index 
BITA Sector Target World Advertising Agencies Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Broadcasting Index 
BITA Sector Target World Broadcasting Index

--- Page 395 ---
395 
BITA Sector Target Asia Entertainment Index 
BITA Sector Target World Entertainment Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Publishing Index 
BITA Sector Target World Publishing Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Telecom Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Telecom Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Residential Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target World Residential Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Footwear & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target World Footwear & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Textile Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target World Textile Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Personal Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants Index 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Department Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target World Department Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Home Improvement Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target World Home Improvement Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target World Internet Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Luxury Goods Index 
BITA Sector Target World Luxury Goods Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gambling Index 
BITA Sector Target World Gambling Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Leisure Index 
BITA Sector Target World Leisure Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lodging Index 
BITA Sector Target World Lodging Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Resorts & Casinos Index 
BITA Sector Target World Resorts & Casinos Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Travel Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto & Truck Dealerships Index 
BITA Sector Target World Auto & Truck Dealerships Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Auto Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target World Auto Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Recreational Vehicles Index 
BITA Sector Target World Recreational Vehicles Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Brewers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Brewers Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries Index 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Non-Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Confectioners Index 
BITA Sector Target World Confectioners Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm Products Index 
BITA Sector Target World Farm Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Household & Personal Products Index 
BITA Sector Target World Household & Personal Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaged Foods Index 
BITA Sector Target World Packaged Foods Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education & Training Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Education & Training Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Discount Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target World Discount Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Food Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target World Food Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Grocery Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target World Grocery Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco Index 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Drilling Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Drilling Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas E&P Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas E&P Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Integrated Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Integrated Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Midstream Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Midstream Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Thermal Coal Index 
BITA Sector Target World Thermal Coal Index

--- Page 396 ---
396 
BITA Sector Target Asia Uranium Index 
BITA Sector Target World Uranium Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Asset Management Index 
BITA Sector Target World Asset Management Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Banks - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target World Banks - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Banks - Regional Index 
BITA Sector Target World Banks - Regional Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Mortgage Finance Index 
BITA Sector Target World Mortgage Finance Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Capital Markets Index 
BITA Sector Target World Capital Markets Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Financial Data & Stock Exchanges Index 
BITA Sector Target World Financial Data & Stock Exchanges Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Credit Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Credit Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Financial Conglomerates Index 
BITA Sector Target World Financial Conglomerates Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Shell Companies Index 
BITA Sector Target World Shell Companies Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Insurance - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target World Insurance - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Insurance - Life Index 
BITA Sector Target World Insurance - Life Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Insurance - Property & Casualty Index 
BITA Sector Target World Insurance - Property & Casualty Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Insurance - Reinsurance Index 
BITA Sector Target World Insurance - Reinsurance Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Insurance - Specialty Index 
BITA Sector Target World Insurance - Specialty Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Insurance Brokers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Insurance Brokers Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Biotechnology Index 
BITA Sector Target World Biotechnology Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Drug Manufacturers - General Index 
BITA Sector Target World Drug Manufacturers - General Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Drug Manufacturers - Specialty & Generic Index 
BITA Sector Target World Drug Manufacturers - Specialty & Generic 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Plans Index 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Plans Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Health Information Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Health Information Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Care Facilities Index 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Care Facilities Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Pharmaceutical Retailers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Pharmaceutical Retailers Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Devices Index 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Devices Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Instruments & Supplies Index 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Instruments & Supplies Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Diagnostics & Research Index 
BITA Sector Target World Diagnostics & Research Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aerospace & Defense Index 
BITA Sector Target World Aerospace & Defense Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consulting Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Consulting Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Rental & Leasing Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Rental & Leasing Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Security & Protection Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Security & Protection Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Business Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Business Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Staffing & Employment Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Staffing & Employment Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Conglomerates Index 
BITA Sector Target World Conglomerates Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Products & Equipment Index 
BITA Sector Target World Building Products & Equipment Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Engineering & Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target World Engineering & Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Infrastructure Operations Index 
BITA Sector Target World Infrastructure Operations Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery Index 
BITA Sector Target World Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Business Equipment & Supplies Index 
BITA Sector Target World Business Equipment & Supplies Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Electrical Equipment & Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target World Electrical Equipment & Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Metal Fabrication Index 
BITA Sector Target World Metal Fabrication Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Pollution & Treatment Controls Index 
BITA Sector Target World Pollution & Treatment Controls Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Industrial Machinery Index 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Industrial Machinery Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tools & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target World Tools & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Airlines Index 
BITA Sector Target World Airlines Index

--- Page 397 ---
397 
BITA Sector Target Asia Airports & Air Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Airports & Air Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Integrated Freight & Logistics Index 
BITA Sector Target World Integrated Freight & Logistics Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Marine Shipping Index 
BITA Sector Target World Marine Shipping Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Railroads Index 
BITA Sector Target World Railroads Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Trucking Index 
BITA Sector Target World Trucking Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Waste Management Index 
BITA Sector Target World Waste Management Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate - Development Index 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate - Development Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia REIT - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target World REIT - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia REIT - Healthcare Facilities Index 
BITA Sector Target World REIT - Healthcare Facilities Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia REIT - Hotel & Motel Index 
BITA Sector Target World REIT - Hotel & Motel Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia REIT - Industrial Index 
BITA Sector Target World REIT - Industrial Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia REIT - Mortgage Index 
BITA Sector Target World REIT - Mortgage Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia REIT - Office Index 
BITA Sector Target World REIT - Office Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia REIT - Residential Index 
BITA Sector Target World REIT - Residential Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia REIT - Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target World REIT - Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia REIT - Specialty Index 
BITA Sector Target World REIT - Specialty Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Communication Equipment Index 
BITA Sector Target World Communication Equipment Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Computer Hardware Index 
BITA Sector Target World Computer Hardware Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Electronics Index 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Electronics Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Electronic Components Index 
BITA Sector Target World Electronic Components Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Electronics & Computer Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target World Electronics & Computer Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Scientific & Technical Instruments Index 
BITA Sector Target World Scientific & Technical Instruments Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Semiconductor Equipment & Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target World Semiconductor Equipment & Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Semiconductors Index 
BITA Sector Target World Semiconductors Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Solar Index 
BITA Sector Target World Solar Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Information Technology Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Information Technology Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Software - Application Index 
BITA Sector Target World Software - Application Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Software - Infrastructure Index 
BITA Sector Target World Software - Infrastructure Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Independent Power Producers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Independent Power Producers 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Renewable Index 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Renewable Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Regulated Electric Index 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Regulated Electric Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Regulated Gas Index 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Regulated Gas Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Regulated Water Index 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Regulated Water Index 
 
BITA Sector Target Daily Short and leveraged Indices 
Each BITA Target Sector Daily Short and Leveraged Index is long or short the daily performance of a specific 
BITA Target Sector Index. Such performance of a BITA Target Sector Index will also be leveraged by the Index 
Leverage Factor. The Index Leverage Factor is any of +3, +2, -1, -2 and -3. 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
 Long or 
Short 
Underlying Asset 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Basic Materials +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Basic Materials 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Basic Materials +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Basic Materials -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 398 ---
398 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Basic Materials -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Basic Materials -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Communication Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Communication 
Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Communication Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Communication Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Communication Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Communication Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Cyclical +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Cyclical 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Cyclical +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Cyclical -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Cyclical -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Cyclical -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Non-Cyclical +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Non-
Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Non-Cyclical +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Non-Cyclical -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Non-Cyclical -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Non-Cyclical -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Energy +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Energy Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Energy +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Energy -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Energy -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Energy -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Financial Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Financial Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Financial Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Financial Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Financial Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Financial Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrials +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrials Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrials +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrials -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrials -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrials -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Technology +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Technology Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Technology +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Technology -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 399 ---
399 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Technology -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Technology -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agriculture +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agriculture Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agriculture +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agriculture -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agriculture -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agriculture -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Forest Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Forest Products 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Forest Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Forest Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Forest Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Forest Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Metals & Mining +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Metals & Mining 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Metals & Mining +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Metals & Mining -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Metals & Mining -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Metals & Mining -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Interactive Media +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Interactive Media 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Interactive Media +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Interactive Media -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Interactive Media -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Interactive Media -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Media-Diversified +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Media-Diversified 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Media-Diversified +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Media-Diversified -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 400 ---
400 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Media-Diversified -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Media-Diversified -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Telecommunication Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. 
Telecommunication Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Telecommunication Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Telecommunication Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Telecommunication Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Telecommunication Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings 
Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Homebuilding & Construction +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Homebuilding & 
Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Homebuilding & Construction +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Homebuilding & Construction -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Homebuilding & Construction -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Homebuilding & Construction -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Manufacturing - 
Apparel & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & Containers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & 
Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & Containers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & Containers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & Containers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & Containers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail -Cyclical +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail -Cyclical 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail -Cyclical +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail -Cyclical -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail -Cyclical -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail -Cyclical -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel & Leisure +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel & Leisure 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel & Leisure +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel & Leisure -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 401 ---
401 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel & Leisure -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel & Leisure -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Vehicles & Parts +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Vehicles & Parts 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Vehicles & Parts +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Vehicles & Parts -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Vehicles & Parts -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Vehicles & Parts -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Alcoholic +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - 
Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Alcoholic +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Alcoholic -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Alcoholic -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Alcoholic -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-Alcoholic +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-
Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-Alcoholic +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Packaged Goods +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer 
Packaged Goods Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Packaged Goods +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Packaged Goods -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Packaged Goods -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Consumer Packaged Goods -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail - Defensive +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail - Defensive 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail - Defensive +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail - Defensive -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail - Defensive -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Retail - Defensive -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco Products 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Energy Sources +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Energy 
Sources Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Energy Sources +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Energy Sources -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 402 ---
402 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Energy Sources -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Energy Sources -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Asset Management +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Asset 
Management Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Asset Management +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Asset Management -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Asset Management -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Asset Management -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Banks +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Banks Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Banks +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Banks -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Banks -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Banks -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Capital Markets +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Capital Markets 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Capital Markets +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Capital Markets -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Capital Markets -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Capital Markets -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Credit Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Credit Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Credit Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Credit Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Credit Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Credit Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Diversified Financial Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Diversified 
Financial Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Diversified Financial Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Diversified Financial Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Diversified Financial Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Diversified Financial Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Insurance +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Insurance Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Insurance +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Insurance -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Insurance -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Insurance -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Biotechnology +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Biotechnology 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Biotechnology +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Biotechnology -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Biotechnology -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Biotechnology -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Drug Manufacturers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Drug 
Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Drug Manufacturers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Drug Manufacturers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Drug Manufacturers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Drug Manufacturers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Plans +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Plans 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Plans +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Plans -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 403 ---
403 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Plans -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Plans -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Providers & Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare 
Providers & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Providers & Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Providers & Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Providers & Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Healthcare Providers & Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Devices & Instruments +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Devices & 
Instruments Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Devices & Instruments +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Devices & Instruments -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Devices & Instruments -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Devices & Instruments -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Diagnostics & Research +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical 
Diagnostics & Research Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Diagnostics & Research +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Diagnostics & Research -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Diagnostics & Research -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Diagnostics & Research -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Distribution +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical 
Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Distribution +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Distribution -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Distribution -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Medical Distribution -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aerospace & Defense +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aerospace & 
Defense Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aerospace & Defense +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aerospace & Defense -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aerospace & Defense -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aerospace & Defense -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Business Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Business Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Business Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Business Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Business Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Business Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Conglomerates +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Conglomerates 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Conglomerates +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Conglomerates -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Conglomerates -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Conglomerates -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Construction +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Construction 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Construction +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Construction -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Construction -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Construction -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm & Heavy 
Construction Machinery Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 404 ---
404 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial Distribution +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial 
Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial Distribution +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial Distribution -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial Distribution -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial Distribution -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial 
Products Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Industrial Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Transportation +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Transportation 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Transportation +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Transportation -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Transportation -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Transportation -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Waste Management +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Waste 
Management Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Waste Management +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Waste Management -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Waste Management -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Waste Management -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Real Estate -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REITs +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REITs Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REITs +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REITs -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REITs -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. REITs -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Hardware +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Hardware Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Hardware +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Hardware -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Hardware -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Hardware -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Semiconductors +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Semiconductors 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Semiconductors +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Semiconductors -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Semiconductors -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Semiconductors -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Software +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Software Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Software +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Software -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 405 ---
405 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Software -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Software -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Independent Power Producers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - 
Independent Power Producers Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Independent Power Producers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Independent Power Producers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Independent Power Producers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Independent Power Producers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Regulated +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - 
Regulated Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Regulated +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Regulated -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Regulated -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Utilities - Regulated -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agricultural Inputs +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agricultural Inputs 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agricultural Inputs +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agricultural Inputs -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agricultural Inputs -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Agricultural Inputs -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Building Materials -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Chemicals -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Chemicals +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty 
Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Chemicals +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Chemicals -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Chemicals -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Chemicals -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lumber & Wood Production +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lumber & Wood 
Production Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lumber & Wood Production +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lumber & Wood Production -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lumber & Wood Production -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lumber & Wood Production -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Paper & Paper Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Paper & Paper 
Products Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Paper & Paper Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Paper & Paper Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Paper & Paper Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Paper & Paper Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aluminum +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aluminum Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aluminum +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aluminum -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 406 ---
406 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aluminum -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Aluminum -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Copper +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Copper Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Copper +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Copper -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Copper -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Copper -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gold +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gold Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gold +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gold -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gold -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gold -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Industrial Metals & Mining +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Industrial 
Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Industrial Metals & Mining +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Industrial Metals & Mining -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Industrial Metals & Mining -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Industrial Metals & Mining -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Precious Metals & Mining +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Precious 
Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Precious Metals & Mining +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Precious Metals & Mining -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Precious Metals & Mining -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Other Precious Metals & Mining -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Silver +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Silver Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Silver +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Silver -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Silver -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Silver -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Coking Coal +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Coking Coal Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Coking Coal +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Coking Coal -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Coking Coal -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Coking Coal -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Steel -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Electronic Gaming & Multimedia +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Electronic Gaming 
& Multimedia Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Electronic Gaming & Multimedia +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Electronic Gaming & Multimedia -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Electronic Gaming & Multimedia -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Electronic Gaming & Multimedia -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Content & Information +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Content 
& Information Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Content & Information +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Content & Information -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 407 ---
407 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Content & Information -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Content & Information -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Advertising Agencies +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Advertising 
Agencies Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Advertising Agencies +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Advertising Agencies -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Advertising Agencies -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Advertising Agencies -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Broadcasting +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Broadcasting 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Broadcasting +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Broadcasting -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Broadcasting -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Broadcasting -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Entertainment +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Entertainment 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Entertainment +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Entertainment -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Entertainment -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Entertainment -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Publishing +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Publishing Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Publishing +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Publishing -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Publishing -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Publishing -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Telecom Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Telecom Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Telecom Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Telecom Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Telecom Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Telecom Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings 
Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings, 
Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Residential Construction +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Residential 
Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Residential Construction +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Residential Construction -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Residential Construction -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Residential Construction -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel Manufacturing +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel 
Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel Manufacturing +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel Manufacturing -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 408 ---
408 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel Manufacturing -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel Manufacturing -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Footwear & Accessories +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Footwear & 
Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Footwear & Accessories +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Footwear & Accessories -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Footwear & Accessories -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Footwear & Accessories -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Textile Manufacturing +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Textile 
Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Textile Manufacturing +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Textile Manufacturing -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Textile Manufacturing -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Textile Manufacturing -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & Containers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & 
Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & Containers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & Containers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & Containers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaging & Containers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Personal Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Restaurants -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel Retail +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel Retail 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel Retail +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel Retail -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel Retail -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Apparel Retail -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Department Stores +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Department 
Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Department Stores +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Department Stores -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Department Stores -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Department Stores -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Home Improvement Retail +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Home 
Improvement Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Home Improvement Retail +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Home Improvement Retail -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Home Improvement Retail -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Home Improvement Retail -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Retail +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Retail 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Retail +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Retail -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 409 ---
409 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Retail -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Internet Retail -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Luxury Goods +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Luxury Goods 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Luxury Goods +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Luxury Goods -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Luxury Goods -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Luxury Goods -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Retail +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Retail 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Retail +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Retail -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Retail -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Specialty Retail -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gambling +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gambling Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gambling +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gambling -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gambling -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Gambling -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Leisure +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Leisure Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Leisure +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Leisure -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Leisure -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Leisure -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lodging +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lodging Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lodging +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lodging -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lodging -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Lodging -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Resorts & Casinos +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Resorts & Casinos 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Resorts & Casinos +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Resorts & Casinos -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Resorts & Casinos -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Resorts & Casinos -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Travel Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto & Truck Dealerships +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto & Truck 
Dealerships Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto & Truck Dealerships +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto & Truck Dealerships -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto & Truck Dealerships -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto & Truck Dealerships -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto Manufacturers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto 
Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto Manufacturers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto Manufacturers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 410 ---
410 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto Manufacturers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto Manufacturers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto Parts +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto Parts +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto Parts -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto Parts -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Auto Parts -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Recreational Vehicles +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Recreational 
Vehicles Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Recreational Vehicles +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Recreational Vehicles -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Recreational Vehicles -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Recreational Vehicles -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Brewers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - 
Brewers Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Brewers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Brewers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Brewers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Brewers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - 
Wineries & Distilleries Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-Alcoholic +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-
Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-Alcoholic +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Confectioners +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Confectioners 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Confectioners +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Confectioners -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Confectioners -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Confectioners -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm Products 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Farm Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Household & Personal Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Household & 
Personal Products Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Household & Personal Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Household & Personal Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Household & Personal Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Household & Personal Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaged Foods +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaged Foods 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaged Foods +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaged Foods -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 411 ---
411 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaged Foods -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Packaged Foods -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education & Training Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education & 
Training Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education & Training Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education & Training Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education & Training Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Education & Training Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Discount Stores +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Discount Stores 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Discount Stores +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Discount Stores -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Discount Stores -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Discount Stores -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Food Distribution +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Food Distribution 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Food Distribution +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Food Distribution -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Food Distribution -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Food Distribution -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Grocery Stores +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Grocery Stores 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Grocery Stores +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Grocery Stores -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Grocery Stores -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Grocery Stores -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Tobacco -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Drilling +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Drilling 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Drilling +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Drilling -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Drilling -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Drilling -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas E&P +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas E&P 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas E&P +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas E&P -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas E&P -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas E&P -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Equipment & Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas 
Equipment & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Equipment & Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Equipment & Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Equipment & Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Equipment & Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Integrated +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas 
Integrated Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Integrated +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Integrated -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 412 ---
412 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Integrated -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Integrated -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Midstream +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas 
Midstream Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Midstream +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Midstream -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Midstream -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Midstream -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Refining 
& Marketing Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Thermal Coal +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Thermal Coal 
Index 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Thermal Coal +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Thermal Coal -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Thermal Coal -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target U.S. Thermal Coal -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Basic Materials +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Basic Materials 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Basic Materials +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Basic Materials -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Basic Materials -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Basic Materials -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Communication Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Communication 
Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Communication Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Communication Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Communication Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Communication Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Cyclical +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Cyclical 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Cyclical +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Cyclical -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Cyclical -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Cyclical -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Non-Cyclical +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Non-
Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Non-Cyclical +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Non-Cyclical -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Non-Cyclical -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Non-Cyclical -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Energy +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Energy Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Energy +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Energy -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Energy -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Energy -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Financial Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Financial Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Financial Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Financial Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 413 ---
413 
BITA Sector Target Asia Financial Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Financial Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrials +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrials Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrials +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrials -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrials -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrials -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Technology +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Technology Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Technology +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Technology -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Technology -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Technology -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agriculture +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agriculture Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agriculture +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agriculture -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agriculture -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agriculture -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Forest Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Forest Products 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Forest Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Forest Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 414 ---
414 
BITA Sector Target Asia Forest Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Forest Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Metals & Mining +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Metals & Mining 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Metals & Mining +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Metals & Mining -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Metals & Mining -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Metals & Mining -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Interactive Media +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Interactive Media 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Interactive Media +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Interactive Media -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Interactive Media -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Interactive Media -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Media-Diversified +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Media-Diversified 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Media-Diversified +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Media-Diversified -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Media-Diversified -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Media-Diversified -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Telecommunication Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia 
Telecommunication Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Telecommunication Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Telecommunication Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Telecommunication Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Telecommunication Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings 
Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Homebuilding & Construction +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Homebuilding & 
Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Homebuilding & Construction +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Homebuilding & Construction -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Homebuilding & Construction -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Homebuilding & Construction -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Manufacturing - 
Apparel & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & Containers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & 
Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & Containers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & Containers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 415 ---
415 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & Containers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & Containers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail -Cyclical +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail -Cyclical 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail -Cyclical +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail -Cyclical -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail -Cyclical -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail -Cyclical -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel & Leisure +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel & Leisure 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel & Leisure +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel & Leisure -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel & Leisure -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel & Leisure -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Vehicles & Parts +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Vehicles & Parts 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Vehicles & Parts +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Vehicles & Parts -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Vehicles & Parts -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Vehicles & Parts -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Alcoholic +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - 
Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Alcoholic +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Alcoholic -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Alcoholic -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Alcoholic -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-Alcoholic +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-
Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-Alcoholic +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Packaged Goods +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer 
Packaged Goods Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Packaged Goods +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Packaged Goods -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Packaged Goods -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Consumer Packaged Goods -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 416 ---
416 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail - Defensive +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail - Defensive 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail - Defensive +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail - Defensive -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail - Defensive -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Retail - Defensive -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco Products 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Energy Sources +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Energy 
Sources Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Energy Sources +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Energy Sources -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Energy Sources -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Energy Sources -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Asset Management +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Asset 
Management Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Asset Management +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Asset Management -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Asset Management -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Asset Management -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Banks +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Banks Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Banks +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Banks -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Banks -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Banks -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Capital Markets +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Capital Markets 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Capital Markets +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Capital Markets -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Capital Markets -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Capital Markets -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Credit Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Credit Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Credit Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Credit Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Credit Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Credit Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Diversified Financial Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Diversified 
Financial Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Diversified Financial Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Diversified Financial Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 417 ---
417 
BITA Sector Target Asia Diversified Financial Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Diversified Financial Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Insurance +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Insurance Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Insurance +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Insurance -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Insurance -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Insurance -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Biotechnology +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Biotechnology 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Biotechnology +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Biotechnology -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Biotechnology -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Biotechnology -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Drug Manufacturers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Drug 
Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Drug Manufacturers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Drug Manufacturers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Drug Manufacturers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Drug Manufacturers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Plans +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Plans 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Plans +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Plans -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Plans -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Plans -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Providers & Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare 
Providers & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Providers & Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Providers & Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Providers & Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Healthcare Providers & Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Devices & Instruments +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Devices 
& Instruments Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Devices & Instruments +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Devices & Instruments -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Devices & Instruments -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Devices & Instruments -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Diagnostics & Research +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical 
Diagnostics & Research Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Diagnostics & Research +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Diagnostics & Research -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Diagnostics & Research -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Diagnostics & Research -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Distribution +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical 
Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Distribution +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Distribution -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Distribution -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Medical Distribution -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aerospace & Defense +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aerospace & 
Defense Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aerospace & Defense +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aerospace & Defense -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 418 ---
418 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aerospace & Defense -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aerospace & Defense -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Business Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Business Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Business Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Business Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Business Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Business Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Conglomerates +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Conglomerates 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Conglomerates +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Conglomerates -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Conglomerates -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Conglomerates -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Construction +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Construction 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Construction +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Construction -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Construction -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Construction -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm & Heavy 
Construction Machinery Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial Distribution +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial 
Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial Distribution +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial Distribution -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial Distribution -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial Distribution -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial 
Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Industrial Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Transportation +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Transportation 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Transportation +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Transportation -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Transportation -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Transportation -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Waste Management +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Waste 
Management Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Waste Management +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Waste Management -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Waste Management -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Waste Management -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 419 ---
419 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Real Estate -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia REITs +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia REITs Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia REITs +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia REITs -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia REITs -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia REITs -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Hardware +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Hardware Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Hardware +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Hardware -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Hardware -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Hardware -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Semiconductors +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Semiconductors 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Semiconductors +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Semiconductors -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Semiconductors -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Semiconductors -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Software +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Software Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Software +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Software -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Software -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Software -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Independent Power Producers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - 
Independent Power Producers Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Independent Power Producers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Independent Power Producers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Independent Power Producers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Independent Power Producers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Regulated +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - 
Regulated Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Regulated +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Regulated -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Regulated -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Utilities - Regulated -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agricultural Inputs +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agricultural 
Inputs Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agricultural Inputs +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agricultural Inputs -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agricultural Inputs -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Agricultural Inputs -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Building Materials -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 420 ---
420 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Chemicals -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Chemicals +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty 
Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Chemicals +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Chemicals -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Chemicals -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Chemicals -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lumber & Wood Production +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lumber & Wood 
Production Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lumber & Wood Production +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lumber & Wood Production -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lumber & Wood Production -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lumber & Wood Production -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Paper & Paper Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Paper & Paper 
Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Paper & Paper Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Paper & Paper Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Paper & Paper Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Paper & Paper Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aluminum +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aluminum Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aluminum +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aluminum -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aluminum -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Aluminum -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Copper +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Copper Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Copper +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Copper -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Copper -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Copper -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gold +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gold Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gold +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gold -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gold -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gold -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Industrial Metals & Mining +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Industrial 
Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Industrial Metals & Mining +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Industrial Metals & Mining -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Industrial Metals & Mining -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Industrial Metals & Mining -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Precious Metals & Mining +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Precious 
Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Precious Metals & Mining +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Precious Metals & Mining -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Precious Metals & Mining -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Other Precious Metals & Mining -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Silver +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Silver Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Silver +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Silver -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 421 ---
421 
BITA Sector Target Asia Silver -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Silver -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Coking Coal +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Coking Coal Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Coking Coal +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Coking Coal -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Coking Coal -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Coking Coal -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Steel -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Electronic Gaming & Multimedia +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Electronic Gaming 
& Multimedia Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Electronic Gaming & Multimedia +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Electronic Gaming & Multimedia -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Electronic Gaming & Multimedia -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Electronic Gaming & Multimedia -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Content & Information +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Content 
& Information Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Content & Information +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Content & Information -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Content & Information -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Content & Information -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Advertising Agencies +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Advertising 
Agencies Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Advertising Agencies +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Advertising Agencies -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Advertising Agencies -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Advertising Agencies -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Broadcasting +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Broadcasting 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Broadcasting +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Broadcasting -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Broadcasting -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Broadcasting -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Entertainment +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Entertainment 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Entertainment +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Entertainment -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Entertainment -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Entertainment -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Publishing +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Publishing Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Publishing +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Publishing -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Publishing -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Publishing -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Telecom Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Telecom Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Telecom Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Telecom Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 422 ---
422 
BITA Sector Target Asia Telecom Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Telecom Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings 
Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings, 
Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Residential Construction +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Residential 
Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Residential Construction +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Residential Construction -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Residential Construction -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Residential Construction -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel Manufacturing +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel 
Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel Manufacturing +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel Manufacturing -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel Manufacturing -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel Manufacturing -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Footwear & Accessories +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Footwear & 
Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Footwear & Accessories +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Footwear & Accessories -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Footwear & Accessories -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Footwear & Accessories -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Textile Manufacturing +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Textile 
Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Textile Manufacturing +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Textile Manufacturing -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Textile Manufacturing -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Textile Manufacturing -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & Containers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & 
Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & Containers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & Containers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & Containers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaging & Containers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Personal Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 423 ---
423 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Restaurants -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel Retail +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel Retail 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel Retail +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel Retail -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel Retail -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Apparel Retail -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Department Stores +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Department 
Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Department Stores +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Department Stores -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Department Stores -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Department Stores -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Home Improvement Retail +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Home 
Improvement Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Home Improvement Retail +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Home Improvement Retail -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Home Improvement Retail -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Home Improvement Retail -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Retail +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Retail 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Retail +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Retail -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Retail -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Internet Retail -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Luxury Goods +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Luxury Goods 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Luxury Goods +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Luxury Goods -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Luxury Goods -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Luxury Goods -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Retail +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Retail 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Retail +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Retail -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Retail -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Specialty Retail -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gambling +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gambling Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gambling +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gambling -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gambling -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Gambling -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Leisure +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Leisure Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Leisure +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Leisure -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Leisure -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Leisure -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lodging +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lodging Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lodging +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lodging -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 424 ---
424 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lodging -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Lodging -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Resorts & Casinos +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Resorts & Casinos 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Resorts & Casinos +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Resorts & Casinos -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Resorts & Casinos -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Resorts & Casinos -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Travel Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto & Truck Dealerships +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto & Truck 
Dealerships Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto & Truck Dealerships +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto & Truck Dealerships -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto & Truck Dealerships -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto & Truck Dealerships -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto Manufacturers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto 
Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto Manufacturers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto Manufacturers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto Manufacturers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto Manufacturers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto Parts +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto Parts Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto Parts +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto Parts -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto Parts -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Auto Parts -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Recreational Vehicles +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Recreational 
Vehicles Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Recreational Vehicles +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Recreational Vehicles -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Recreational Vehicles -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Recreational Vehicles -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Brewers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - 
Brewers Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Brewers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Brewers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Brewers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Brewers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - 
Wineries & Distilleries Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-Alcoholic +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-
Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-Alcoholic +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 425 ---
425 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Confectioners +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Confectioners 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Confectioners +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Confectioners -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Confectioners -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Confectioners -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm Products 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Farm Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Household & Personal Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Household & 
Personal Products Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Household & Personal Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Household & Personal Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Household & Personal Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Household & Personal Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaged Foods +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaged Foods 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaged Foods +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaged Foods -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaged Foods -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Packaged Foods -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education & Training Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education & 
Training Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education & Training Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education & Training Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education & Training Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Education & Training Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Discount Stores +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Discount Stores 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Discount Stores +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Discount Stores -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Discount Stores -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Discount Stores -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Food Distribution +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Food Distribution 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Food Distribution +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Food Distribution -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Food Distribution -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Food Distribution -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Grocery Stores +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Grocery Stores 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Grocery Stores +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Grocery Stores -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Grocery Stores -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Grocery Stores -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 426 ---
426 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Tobacco -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Drilling +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Drilling 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Drilling +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Drilling -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Drilling -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Drilling -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas E&P +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas E&P 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas E&P +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas E&P -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas E&P -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas E&P -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Equipment & Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas 
Equipment & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Equipment & Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Equipment & Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Equipment & Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Equipment & Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Integrated +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas 
Integrated Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Integrated +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Integrated -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Integrated -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Integrated -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Midstream +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas 
Midstream Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Midstream +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Midstream -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Midstream -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Midstream -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Refining 
& Marketing Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Thermal Coal +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Thermal Coal 
Index 
BITA Sector Target Asia Thermal Coal +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target Asia Thermal Coal -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Thermal Coal -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target Asia Thermal Coal -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Basic Materials +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Basic Materials 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Basic Materials +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Basic Materials -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Basic Materials -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Basic Materials -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Communication Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Communication 
Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Communication Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Communication Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 427 ---
427 
BITA Sector Target World Communication Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Communication Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Cyclical +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer 
Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Cyclical +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Cyclical -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Cyclical -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Cyclical -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Non-Cyclical +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Non-
Cyclical Index 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Non-Cyclical +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Non-Cyclical -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Non-Cyclical -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Non-Cyclical -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Energy +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Energy Index 
BITA Sector Target World Energy +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Energy -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Energy -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Energy -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Financial Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Financial 
Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Financial Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Financial Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Financial Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Financial Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Industrials +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Industrials 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Industrials +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Industrials -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Industrials -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Industrials -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Technology +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Technology 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Technology +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Technology -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Technology -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Technology -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities Index 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 428 ---
428 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Agriculture +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Agriculture 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Agriculture +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Agriculture -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Agriculture -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Agriculture -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Building Materials +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Building 
Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target World Building Materials +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Building Materials -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Building Materials -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Building Materials -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Forest Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Forest Products 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Forest Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Forest Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Forest Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Forest Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Metals & Mining +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Metals & 
Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target World Metals & Mining +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Metals & Mining -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Metals & Mining -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Metals & Mining -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Steel +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target World Steel +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Steel -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Steel -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Steel -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Interactive Media +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Interactive 
Media Index 
BITA Sector Target World Interactive Media +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Interactive Media -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Interactive Media -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Interactive Media -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Media-Diversified +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Media-
Diversified Index 
BITA Sector Target World Media-Diversified +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Media-Diversified -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Media-Diversified -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Media-Diversified -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Telecommunication Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World 
Telecommunication Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Telecommunication Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Telecommunication Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 429 ---
429 
BITA Sector Target World Telecommunication Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Telecommunication Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings 
Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Homebuilding & Construction +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Homebuilding 
& Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target World Homebuilding & Construction +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Homebuilding & Construction -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Homebuilding & Construction -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Homebuilding & Construction -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Manufacturing - 
Apparel & Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target World Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Manufacturing - Apparel & Accessories -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & Containers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & 
Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & Containers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & Containers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & Containers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & Containers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Personal Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Personal 
Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Personal Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Personal Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Personal Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Personal Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Retail -Cyclical +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Retail -Cyclical 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Retail -Cyclical +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Retail -Cyclical -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Retail -Cyclical -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Retail -Cyclical -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Travel & Leisure +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Travel & Leisure 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Travel & Leisure +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Travel & Leisure -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Travel & Leisure -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Travel & Leisure -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Vehicles & Parts +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Vehicles & Parts 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Vehicles & Parts +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Vehicles & Parts -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 430 ---
430 
BITA Sector Target World Vehicles & Parts -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Vehicles & Parts -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Alcoholic +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - 
Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Alcoholic +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Alcoholic -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Alcoholic -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Alcoholic -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Non-Alcoholic +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - 
Non-Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Non-Alcoholic +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Packaged Goods +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer 
Packaged Goods Index 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Packaged Goods +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Packaged Goods -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Packaged Goods -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Consumer Packaged Goods -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Education +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Education Index 
BITA Sector Target World Education +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Education -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Education -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Education -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Retail - Defensive +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Retail - 
Defensive Index 
BITA Sector Target World Retail - Defensive +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Retail - Defensive -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Retail - Defensive -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Retail - Defensive -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco 
Products Index 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Other Energy Sources +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Other Energy 
Sources Index 
BITA Sector Target World Other Energy Sources +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Other Energy Sources -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Other Energy Sources -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Other Energy Sources -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Asset Management +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Asset 
Management Index 
BITA Sector Target World Asset Management +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Asset Management -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 431 ---
431 
BITA Sector Target World Asset Management -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Asset Management -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Banks +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Banks Index 
BITA Sector Target World Banks +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Banks -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Banks -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Banks -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Capital Markets +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Capital Markets 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Capital Markets +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Capital Markets -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Capital Markets -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Capital Markets -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Credit Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Credit Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Credit Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Credit Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Credit Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Credit Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Diversified Financial Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Diversified 
Financial Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Diversified Financial Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Diversified Financial Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Diversified Financial Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Diversified Financial Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Insurance +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Insurance Index 
BITA Sector Target World Insurance +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Insurance -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Insurance -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Insurance -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Biotechnology +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Biotechnology 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Biotechnology +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Biotechnology -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Biotechnology -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Biotechnology -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Drug Manufacturers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Drug 
Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Drug Manufacturers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Drug Manufacturers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Drug Manufacturers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Drug Manufacturers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Plans +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare 
Plans Index 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Plans +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Plans -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Plans -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Plans -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Providers & Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare 
Providers & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Providers & Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Providers & Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 432 ---
432 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Providers & Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Healthcare Providers & Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Devices & Instruments +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Devices 
& Instruments Index 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Devices & Instruments +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Devices & Instruments -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Devices & Instruments -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Devices & Instruments -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Diagnostics & Research +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Medical 
Diagnostics & Research Index 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Diagnostics & Research +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Diagnostics & Research -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Diagnostics & Research -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Diagnostics & Research -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Distribution +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Medical 
Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Distribution +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Distribution -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Distribution -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Medical Distribution -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Aerospace & Defense +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Aerospace & 
Defense Index 
BITA Sector Target World Aerospace & Defense +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Aerospace & Defense -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Aerospace & Defense -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Aerospace & Defense -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Business Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Business 
Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Business Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Business Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Business Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Business Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Conglomerates +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Conglomerates 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Conglomerates +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Conglomerates -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Conglomerates -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Conglomerates -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Construction +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Construction 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Construction +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Construction -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Construction -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Construction -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Farm & Heavy 
Construction Machinery Index 
BITA Sector Target World Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Farm & Heavy Construction Machinery -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial Distribution +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial 
Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial Distribution +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial Distribution -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 433 ---
433 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial Distribution -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial Distribution -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial 
Products Index 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Industrial Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Transportation +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Transportation 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Transportation +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Transportation -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Transportation -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Transportation -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Waste Management +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Waste 
Management Index 
BITA Sector Target World Waste Management +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Waste Management -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Waste Management -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Waste Management -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Real Estate -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World REITs +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World REITs Index 
BITA Sector Target World REITs +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World REITs -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World REITs -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World REITs -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Hardware +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Hardware Index 
BITA Sector Target World Hardware +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Hardware -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Hardware -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Hardware -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Semiconductors +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Semiconductors 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Semiconductors +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Semiconductors -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Semiconductors -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Semiconductors -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Software +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Software Index 
BITA Sector Target World Software +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Software -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Software -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Software -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Independent Power Producers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - 
Independent Power Producers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Independent Power Producers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Independent Power Producers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 434 ---
434 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Independent Power Producers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Independent Power Producers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Regulated +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - 
Regulated Index 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Regulated +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Regulated -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Regulated -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Utilities - Regulated -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Agricultural Inputs +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Agricultural 
Inputs Index 
BITA Sector Target World Agricultural Inputs +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Agricultural Inputs -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Agricultural Inputs -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Agricultural Inputs -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Building Materials +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Building 
Materials Index 
BITA Sector Target World Building Materials +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Building Materials -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Building Materials -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Building Materials -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Chemicals -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Chemicals +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty 
Chemicals Index 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Chemicals +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Chemicals -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Chemicals -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Chemicals -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Lumber & Wood Production +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Lumber & 
Wood Production Index 
BITA Sector Target World Lumber & Wood Production +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Lumber & Wood Production -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Lumber & Wood Production -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Lumber & Wood Production -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Paper & Paper Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Paper & Paper 
Products Index 
BITA Sector Target World Paper & Paper Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Paper & Paper Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Paper & Paper Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Paper & Paper Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Aluminum +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Aluminum 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Aluminum +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Aluminum -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Aluminum -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Aluminum -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Copper +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Copper Index 
BITA Sector Target World Copper +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Copper -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 435 ---
435 
BITA Sector Target World Copper -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Copper -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Gold +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Gold Index 
BITA Sector Target World Gold +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Gold -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Gold -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Gold -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Other Industrial Metals & Mining +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Other Industrial 
Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target World Other Industrial Metals & Mining +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Other Industrial Metals & Mining -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Other Industrial Metals & Mining -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Other Industrial Metals & Mining -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Other Precious Metals & Mining +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Other Precious 
Metals & Mining Index 
BITA Sector Target World Other Precious Metals & Mining +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Other Precious Metals & Mining -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Other Precious Metals & Mining -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Other Precious Metals & Mining -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Silver +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Silver Index 
BITA Sector Target World Silver +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Silver -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Silver -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Silver -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Coking Coal +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Coking Coal 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Coking Coal +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Coking Coal -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Coking Coal -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Coking Coal -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Steel +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Steel Index 
BITA Sector Target World Steel +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Steel -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Steel -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Steel -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Electronic Gaming & Multimedia +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Electronic 
Gaming & Multimedia Index 
BITA Sector Target World Electronic Gaming & Multimedia +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Electronic Gaming & Multimedia -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Electronic Gaming & Multimedia -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Electronic Gaming & Multimedia -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Internet Content & Information +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Internet 
Content & Information Index 
BITA Sector Target World Internet Content & Information +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Internet Content & Information -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Internet Content & Information -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Internet Content & Information -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Advertising Agencies +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Advertising 
Agencies Index 
BITA Sector Target World Advertising Agencies +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Advertising Agencies -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 436 ---
436 
BITA Sector Target World Advertising Agencies -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Advertising Agencies -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Broadcasting +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Broadcasting 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Broadcasting +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Broadcasting -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Broadcasting -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Broadcasting -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Entertainment +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Entertainment 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Entertainment +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Entertainment -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Entertainment -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Entertainment -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Publishing +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Publishing 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Publishing +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Publishing -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Publishing -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Publishing -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Telecom Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Telecom 
Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Telecom Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Telecom Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Telecom Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Telecom Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings 
Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings Fixtures & Appliances -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings, 
Fixtures & Appliances Index 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Furnishings, Fixtures & Appliances -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Residential Construction +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Residential 
Construction Index 
BITA Sector Target World Residential Construction +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Residential Construction -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Residential Construction -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Residential Construction -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel Manufacturing +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel 
Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel Manufacturing +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel Manufacturing -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel Manufacturing -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel Manufacturing -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Footwear & Accessories +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Footwear & 
Accessories Index 
BITA Sector Target World Footwear & Accessories +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Footwear & Accessories -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 437 ---
437 
BITA Sector Target World Footwear & Accessories -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Footwear & Accessories -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Textile Manufacturing +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Textile 
Manufacturing Index 
BITA Sector Target World Textile Manufacturing +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Textile Manufacturing -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Textile Manufacturing -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Textile Manufacturing -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & Containers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & 
Containers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & Containers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & Containers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & Containers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Packaging & Containers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Personal Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Personal 
Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Personal Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Personal Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Personal Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Personal Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Restaurants -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel Retail +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel Retail 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel Retail +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel Retail -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel Retail -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Apparel Retail -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Department Stores +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Department 
Stores Index 
BITA Sector Target World Department Stores +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Department Stores -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Department Stores -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Department Stores -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Home Improvement Retail +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Home 
Improvement Retail Index 
BITA Sector Target World Home Improvement Retail +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Home Improvement Retail -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Home Improvement Retail -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Home Improvement Retail -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Internet Retail +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Internet Retail 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Internet Retail +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Internet Retail -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Internet Retail -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Internet Retail -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Luxury Goods +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Luxury Goods 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Luxury Goods +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Luxury Goods -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 438 ---
438 
BITA Sector Target World Luxury Goods -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Luxury Goods -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Retail +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Retail 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Retail +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Retail -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Retail -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Specialty Retail -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Gambling +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Gambling Index 
BITA Sector Target World Gambling +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Gambling -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Gambling -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Gambling -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Leisure +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Leisure Index 
BITA Sector Target World Leisure +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Leisure -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Leisure -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Leisure -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Lodging +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Lodging Index 
BITA Sector Target World Lodging +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Lodging -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Lodging -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Lodging -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Resorts & Casinos +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Resorts & 
Casinos Index 
BITA Sector Target World Resorts & Casinos +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Resorts & Casinos -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Resorts & Casinos -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Resorts & Casinos -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Travel Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Travel Services 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Travel Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Travel Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Travel Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Travel Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Auto & Truck Dealerships +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Auto & Truck 
Dealerships Index 
BITA Sector Target World Auto & Truck Dealerships +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Auto & Truck Dealerships -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Auto & Truck Dealerships -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Auto & Truck Dealerships -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Auto Manufacturers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Auto 
Manufacturers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Auto Manufacturers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Auto Manufacturers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Auto Manufacturers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Auto Manufacturers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Auto Parts +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Auto Parts 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Auto Parts +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Auto Parts -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 439 ---
439 
BITA Sector Target World Auto Parts -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Auto Parts -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Recreational Vehicles +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Recreational 
Vehicles Index 
BITA Sector Target World Recreational Vehicles +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Recreational Vehicles -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Recreational Vehicles -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Recreational Vehicles -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Brewers +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - 
Brewers Index 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Brewers +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Brewers -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Brewers -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Brewers -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - 
Wineries & Distilleries Index 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Wineries & Distilleries -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Non-Alcoholic +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - 
Non-Alcoholic Index 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Non-Alcoholic +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Beverages - Non-Alcoholic -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Confectioners +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Confectioners 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Confectioners +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Confectioners -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Confectioners -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Confectioners -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Farm Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Farm Products 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Farm Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Farm Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Farm Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Farm Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Household & Personal Products +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Household & 
Personal Products Index 
BITA Sector Target World Household & Personal Products +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Household & Personal Products -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Household & Personal Products -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Household & Personal Products -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Packaged Foods +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Packaged Foods 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Packaged Foods +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Packaged Foods -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Packaged Foods -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Packaged Foods -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Education & Training Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Education & 
Training Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Education & Training Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Education & Training Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 440 ---
440 
BITA Sector Target World Education & Training Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Education & Training Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Discount Stores +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Discount Stores 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Discount Stores +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Discount Stores -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Discount Stores -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Discount Stores -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Food Distribution +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Food 
Distribution Index 
BITA Sector Target World Food Distribution +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Food Distribution -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Food Distribution -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Food Distribution -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Grocery Stores +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Grocery Stores 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Grocery Stores +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Grocery Stores -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Grocery Stores -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Grocery Stores -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco Index 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Tobacco -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Drilling +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas 
Drilling Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Drilling +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Drilling -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Drilling -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Drilling -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas E&P +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas E&P 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas E&P +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas E&P -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas E&P -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas E&P -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Equipment & Services +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas 
Equipment & Services Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Equipment & Services +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Equipment & Services -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Equipment & Services -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Equipment & Services -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Integrated +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas 
Integrated Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Integrated +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Integrated -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Integrated -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Integrated -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Midstream +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas 
Midstream Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Midstream +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Midstream -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 441 ---
441 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Midstream -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Midstream -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas 
Refining & Marketing Index 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Thermal Coal +3x long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Thermal Coal 
Index 
BITA Sector Target World Thermal Coal +2x long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Sector Target World Thermal Coal -1x short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Thermal Coal -2x short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Sector Target World Thermal Coal -3x short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
 
BITA Large Cap Target Indices 
 
The Indices select stocks listed in a specific country or a region. Largest capitalisation stocks are generally 
considered as the largest companies as measured by their market capitalisation. Each component is 
weighted by its market capitalisation adjusted by its free float factor. The Indices are reconstituted on a 
quarterly basis. The Indices are total return indices, with the level of the Index calculated on the basis that 
any ordinary dividends declared by the issuer of the underlying stocks(s) are reinvested in the relevant 
Index. 
BITA Emerging Markets Large Cap Target Index 
BITA Europe Large Cap Target Index 
BITA EuroZone Large Cap Target Index 
BITA France Large Cap Target Index 
BITA Germany Large Cap Target Index 
BITA Italy Large Cap Target Index 
BITA Switzerland Large Cap Target Index 
BITA U.K. Large Cap Target Index 
BITA U.S. Large Cap Target Index 
 
BITA Large Cap Target Daily Short and leveraged Indices 
 
Each BITA Large Cap Target Daily Short and Leveraged Index is long or short the daily performance of a 
specific BITA Large Cap Index. Such performance of a BITA Large Cap Target Index will also be leveraged 
by the Index Leverage Factor. The Index Leverage Factor is any of +3, +2, -1, -2 and -3. 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or 
Short 
Underlying Asset 
BITA Emerging Markets Large Cap Target +3 Long Daily 
Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Emerging Markets Large Cap Target Index 
BITA Emerging Markets Large Cap Target +2 Long Daily 
Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Emerging Markets Large Cap Target -1 Short Daily 
Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA Emerging Markets Large Cap Target -2 Short Daily 
Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 442 ---
442 
BITA Emerging Markets Large Cap Target -3 Short Daily 
Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Europe Large Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Europe Large Cap Target Index 
BITA Europe Large Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Europe Large Cap Target +1 Short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Europe Large Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Europe Large Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA EuroZone Large Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA EuroZone Large Cap Target Index 
BITA EuroZone Large Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA EuroZone Large Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA EuroZone Large Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA EuroZone Large Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA France Large Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA France Large Cap Target Index 
BITA France Large Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA France Large Cap Target +1 Short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA France Large Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA France Large Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Germany Large Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Germany Large Cap Target Index 
BITA Germany Large Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Germany Large Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA Germany Large Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Germany Large Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Italy Large Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Italy Large Cap Target Index 
BITA Italy Large Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Italy Large Cap Target +1 Short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Italy Large Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Italy Large Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Switzerland Large Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Switzerland Large Cap Target Index 
BITA Switzerland Large Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Switzerland Large Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA Switzerland Large Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Switzerland Large Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA U.K. Large Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA U.K. Large Cap Target Index 
BITA U.K. Large Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA U.K. Large Cap Target +1 Short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA U.K. Large Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA U.K. Large Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA U.S. Large Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA U.S. Large Cap Target Index 
BITA U.S. Large Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA U.S. Large Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA U.S. Large Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA U.S. Large Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 443 ---
443 
 
BITA Mid Cap Target Indices 
The Indices select stocks listed in a specific country or a region and that are not part of the largest or 
smallest market capitalisation stocks, and they also need to meet liquidity and minimum market 
capitalisation requirements to be eligible in the indices. Each component is weighted by its market 
capitalisation adjusted by its free float factor.  The Indices are reconstituted on a quarterly basis. The 
Indices are total return indices, with the level of the Index calculated on the basis that any ordinary 
dividends declared by the issuer of the underlying stocks(s) are reinvested in the relevant Index. 
BITA Emerging Markets Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA Europe Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA EuroZone Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA France Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA Germany Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA Italy Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA Switzerland Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA U.K. Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA U.S. Mid Cap Target Index 
 
BITA Mid Cap Target Daily Short and leveraged Indices 
Each BITA Mid Cap Target Daily Short and Leveraged Index is long or short the daily performance of a 
specific BITA Mid Cap Target Index. Such performance of a BITA Mid Cap Target Index will also be 
leveraged by the Index Leverage Factor. The Index Leverage Factor is any of +3, +2, -1, -2 and -3. 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
BITA Emerging Markets Mid Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Emerging Markets Mid Cap 
Target Index 
BITA Emerging Markets Mid Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Emerging Markets Mid Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA Emerging Markets Mid Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Emerging Markets Mid Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Europe Mid Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Europe Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA Europe Mid Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Europe Mid Cap Target +1 Short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Europe Mid Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Europe Mid Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA EuroZone Mid Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA EuroZone Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA EuroZone Mid Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA EuroZone Mid Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA EuroZone Mid Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA EuroZone Mid Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA France Mid Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA France Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA France Mid Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA France Mid Cap Target +1 Short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA France Mid Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA France Mid Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short

--- Page 444 ---
444 
BITA Germany Mid Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Germany Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA Germany Mid Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Germany Mid Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA Germany Mid Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Germany Mid Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Italy Mid Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Italy Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA Italy Mid Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Italy Mid Cap Target +1 Short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Italy Mid Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Italy Mid Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Switzerland Mid Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Switzerland Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA Switzerland Mid Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Switzerland Mid Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA Switzerland Mid Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Switzerland Mid Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA U.K. Mid Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA U.K. Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA U.K. Mid Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA U.K. Mid Cap Target +1 Short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA U.K. Mid Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA U.K. Mid Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA U.S. Mid Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA U.S. Mid Cap Target Index 
BITA U.S. Mid Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA U.S. Mid Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA U.S. Mid Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA U.S. Mid Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
 
BITA Small Cap Target Indices 
 
The Indices select stocks listed in a specific country or a region and that are not part of the large 
capitalisation stocks, and they also need to meet liquidity and minimum market capitalisation requirements 
to be eligible in the indices. Each component is weighted by its market capitalisation adjusted by its free 
float factor.  The Indices are reconstituted on a quarterly basis. The Indices are total return indices, with 
the level of the Index calculated on the basis that any ordinary dividends declared by the issuer of the 
underlying stocks(s) are reinvested in the relevant Index. 
BITA Emerging Markets Small Cap Target Index 
BITA Europe Small Cap Target Index 
BITA EuroZone Small Cap Target Index 
BITA France Small Cap Target Index 
BITA Germany Small Cap Target Index 
BITA Italy Small Cap Target Index 
BITA Switzerland Small Cap Target Index 
BITA U.K. Small Cap Target Index 
BITA U.S. Small Cap Target Index

--- Page 445 ---
445 
BITA Small Cap Target Daily Short and leveraged Indices 
 
Each BITA Small Cap Target Daily Short and Leveraged Index is long or short the daily performance of a 
specific BITA Small Cap Target Index. Such performance of a BITA Small Target Cap Index will also be 
leveraged by the Index Leverage Factor. The Index Leverage Factor is any of +3, +2, -1, -2 and -3. 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or 
Short 
Underlying Asset 
BITA Emerging Markets Small Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Emerging Markets Small Cap 
Target Index 
BITA Emerging Markets Small Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Emerging Markets Small Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA Emerging Markets Small Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Emerging Markets Small Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Europe Small Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Europe Small Cap Target Index 
BITA Europe Small Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Europe Small Cap Target +1 Short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Europe Small Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Europe Small Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA EuroZone Small Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA EuroZone Small Cap Target 
Index 
BITA EuroZone Small Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA EuroZone Small Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA EuroZone Small Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA EuroZone Small Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA France Small Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA France Small Cap Target Index 
BITA France Small Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA France Small Cap Target +1 Short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA France Small Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA France Small Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Germany Small Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Germany Small Cap Target 
Index 
BITA Germany Small Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Germany Small Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA Germany Small Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Germany Small Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Italy Small Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Italy Small Cap Target Index 
BITA Italy Small Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Italy Small Cap Target +1 Short Daily Index 
+1 
Short 
BITA Italy Small Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Italy Small Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA Switzerland Small Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA Switzerland Small Cap Target 
Index 
BITA Switzerland Small Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA Switzerland Small Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA Switzerland Small Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA Switzerland Small Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA U.K. Small Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA U.K. Small Cap Target Index 
BITA U.K. Small Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA U.K. Small Cap Target +1 Short Daily Index 
+1 
Short

--- Page 446 ---
446 
BITA U.K. Small Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA U.K. Small Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
BITA U.S. Small Cap Target +3 Long Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
BITA U.S. Small Cap Target Index 
BITA U.S. Small Cap Target +2 Long Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
BITA U.S. Small Cap Target -1 Short Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
BITA U.S. Small Cap Target -2 Short Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
BITA U.S. Small Cap Target -3 Short Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
 
BITA ESG Target Indices 
The Indices select stocks that have a high environmental, social and governmental score relative to a 
specific strategy. Stocks must meet minimum liquidity and market capitalisation requirements to be eligible 
in the Indices. The Indices are rebalanced quarterly and reconstituted on a quarterly basis. The Indices 
are total return indices, with the level of the Index calculated on the basis that any ordinary dividends 
declared by the issuer of the underlying stocks(s) are reinvested in the relevant Index. 
BITA ESG Target Environmental Index 
BITA ESG Target Social Index 
BITA ESG Target Governance and Active Ownership Index 
BITA ESG Target Resource Preservation Index 
BITA ESG Target Environmental System Index 
BITA ESG Target Employee Relations and Diversity Index 
BITA ESG Target Local Communities Index 
BITA ESG Target Business Ethics Index 
BITA ESG Target Board and Management Index 
BITA ESG Target Waste and Pollution Management Index 
BITA ESG Target Water Efficiency Index 
BITA ESG Target Energy Efficiency Index 
BITA ESG Target Greenhouse Gas Emission Management Index 
BITA ESG Target Forest Sustainability Index 
BITA ESG Target Land Management Index 
BITA ESG Target Biodiversity Index 
BITA ESG Target Indoor Environmental Quality Index 
BITA ESG Target Location and Transportation Index 
BITA ESG Target Resilience to Catastrophe and Disaster Index 
BITA ESG Target Renewable Energy Index 
BITA ESG Target Sustainable Procurement Index 
BITA ESG Target Equal Opportunities Index 
BITA ESG Target Inclusion and Diversity Index 
BITA ESG Target Freedom of Association Index 
BITA ESG Target Health and Safety Index 
BITA ESG Target Labour Standard and Working Conditions Index 
BITA ESG Target Customer and Products Responsibility Index 
BITA ESG Target Human Rights Index

--- Page 447 ---
447 
BITA ESG Target Child Labour Index 
BITA ESG Target Anti-Corruption and Money Laundering Index 
BITA ESG Target Data Protection and Privacy Index 
BITA ESG Target Compliance Index 
BITA ESG Target Tax Strategy Index 
BITA ESG Target Board Independence Index 
BITA ESG Target Executive Compensation Index 
BITA ESG Target Shareholder Democracy Index 
BITA ESG Target Board Diversity and Structure Index 
BITA ESG Target Executive Remuneration Index 
 
 
AEX® Indices 
The AEX® index reflects the performance of the 25 most actively traded shares listed on Euronext 
Amsterdam, is calculated in EUR, and is the most widely used indicator of the Dutch stock market. The 
Index is calculated in EUR. 
 
Index Name 
Leverage Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
AEX® X5 Leverage NR 
+5 
Long 
AEX® Index 
AEX® X3 Leverage NR 
+3 
Long 
AEX® Leverage GR 
+2 
Long 
AEX® Double Short GR 
-2 
Short 
AEX® X3 SHORT GR 
-3 
Short 
AEX® X5 SHORT GR 
-5 
Short 
 
BEL 20® Indices 
The BEL 20® is an index reflecting the continuous price evolution of the 20 most liquid Belgian shares 
listed on Euronext Brussels and serves as Blue-chip index for Euronext Brussels. The Index is calculated 
in EUR.  
 
Index Name 
Leverage Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
BEL 20® X5 Leverage NR 
+5 
Long 
BEL 20® Index 
BEL 20® X3 Leverage NR 
+3 
Long 
BEL 20® Leverage GR 
+2 
Long 
BEL 20® Double Short GR 
-2 
Short 
BEL 20® Triple Short GR 
-3 
Short 
BEL 20® X5 Short GR 
-5 
Short 
 
CAC 40® Indices 
The CAC 40® index reflects the performance of the 40 most actively traded shares listed on Euronext 
Paris, is calculated in EUR, and is the most widely used indicator of the French stock market. The Index is 
calculated in EUR.

--- Page 448 ---
448 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
CAC 40® X5 Leverage NR 
+5 
Long 
CAC 40® Index 
CAC 40® X3 Leverage NR 
+3 
Long 
CAC 40® Leverage GR 
+2 
Long 
CAC 40® Double Short GR 
-2 
Short 
CAC 40® X3 Short GR 
-3 
Short 
CAC 40® X5 Short GR 
-5 
Short 
 
 
DAX® Indices 
The DAX® is an index of 30 selected German blue-chip stocks traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. 
The index is open to companies with juristic headquarters in Germany or to companies with operating 
headquarters in Germany with a major share of their stock exchange turnover at the Frankfurt Stock 
Exchange and juristic headquarters in the European Union or in an EFTA state. The equities use free float 
shares in the index calculation. The DAX index is calculated in EUR. 
 
Index Name 
Leverage Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
LevDAX® x5 Index 
+5 
Long 
DAX Index 
LevDAX® x3 Index 
+3 
Long 
LevDAX® x2 Index 
+2 
Long 
ShortDAX® x2 Index 
-2 
Short 
ShortDAX® x3 Index 
-3 
Short 
ShortDAX® x5 Index 
-5 
Short 
 
 
EURO STOXX 50 
Indices The EURO STOXX 50 Index provides a Blue-chip representation of sector (as defined by the 
Industry Classification Benchmark) leaders in the Eurozone. The index covers 50 stocks from 12 Eurozone 
countries: Austria, Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the 
Netherlands, Portugal and Spain. The EURO STOXX 50 is weighted according to free-float market 
capitalization and is reviewed annually in September. The EURO STOXX 50 is calculated in EUR. 
 
Index Name 
Leverage Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
EURO STOXX Daily Leverage 5 
+5 
Long 
Euro Stoxx 50 Index 
EURO STOXX Daily Leverage 3 
+3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Daily Leverage 
+2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
 
 
EURO STOXX Sector Indices 
The EURO STOXX Sector Indices use the market standard ICB (Industry Classification Benchmark), to 
categorise companies in sectors according to their primary source of revenue. The universe covers from 
12 Eurozone countries: Austria, Belgium, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, 
the Netherlands, Portugal and Spain.

--- Page 449 ---
449 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying asset 
EURO STOXX Automobiles & Parts Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Automobiles & Parts Index 
EURO STOXX Automobiles & Parts Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Automobiles & Parts Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Automobiles & Parts Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Automobiles & Parts Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Automobiles & Parts Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Automobiles & Parts Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Banks Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Banks Index 
EURO STOXX Banks Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Banks Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Banks Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Banks Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Banks Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Banks Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Basic Resources Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Basic Resources Index 
EURO STOXX Basic Resources Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Basic Resources Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Basic Resources Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Basic Resources Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Basic Resources Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Basic Resources Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Chemicals Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Chemicals Index 
EURO STOXX Chemicals Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Chemicals Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Chemicals Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Chemicals Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Chemicals Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Chemicals Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Construction & Materials Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Construction & Materials Index 
EURO STOXX Construction & Materials Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Construction & Materials Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Construction & Materials Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Construction & Materials Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Construction & Materials Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Construction & Materials Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Financials Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Financials Index 
EURO STOXX Financials Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Financials Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Financials Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Financials Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Financials Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long

--- Page 450 ---
450 
EURO STOXX Financials Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Financial Services Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Financial Services Index 
EURO STOXX Financial Services Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Financial Services Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Financial Services Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Financial Services Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Financial Services Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Financial Services Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Food & Beverage Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Food & Beverage Index 
EURO STOXX Food & Beverage Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Food & Beverage Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Food & Beverage Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Food & Beverage Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Food & Beverage Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Food & Beverage Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Health Care Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Health Care Index 
EURO STOXX Health Care Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Health Care Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Health Care Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Health Care Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Health Care Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Health Care Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Industrial Goods & Services Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Industrial Goods & Services Index 
EURO STOXX Industrial Goods & Services Daily Double 
Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Industrial Goods & Services Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Industrial Goods & Services Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Industrial Goods & Services Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Industrial Goods & Services Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Industrial Goods & Services Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Insurance Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Insurance Index 
EURO STOXX Insurance Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Insurance Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Insurance Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Insurance Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Insurance Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Insurance Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Media Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Media Index 
EURO STOXX Media Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Media Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Media Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Media Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Media Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Media Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long

--- Page 451 ---
451 
EURO STOXX Oil & Gas Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Oil & Gas Index 
EURO STOXX Oil & Gas Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Oil & Gas Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Oil & Gas Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Oil & Gas Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Oil & Gas Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Oil & Gas Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Personal & Household Goods Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Personal & Household Goods 
Index 
EURO STOXX Personal & Household Goods Daily Double 
Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Personal & Household Goods Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Personal & Household Goods Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Personal & Household Goods Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Personal & Household Goods Daily Leverage 
3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Personal & Household Goods Daily Leverage 
5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Real Estate Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Real Estate Index 
EURO STOXX Real Estate Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Real Estate Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Real Estate Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Real Estate Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Real Estate Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Real Estate Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Retail Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Retail Index 
EURO STOXX Retail Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Retail Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Retail Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Retail Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Retail Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Retail Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Technology Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Technology Index 
EURO STOXX Technology Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Technology Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Technology Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Technology Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Technology Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Technology Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Telecommunications Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Telecommunications Index 
EURO STOXX Telecommunications Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Telecommunications Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Telecommunications Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Telecommunications Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Telecommunications Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Telecommunications Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
EURO STOXX Travel & Leisure Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
EURO STOXX Travel & Leisure Index

--- Page 452 ---
452 
EURO STOXX Travel & Leisure Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
EURO STOXX Travel & Leisure Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
EURO STOXX Travel & Leisure Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
EURO STOXX Travel & Leisure Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
EURO STOXX Travel & Leisure Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
EURO STOXX Travel & Leisure Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
 
FTSE 100 Indices 
The FTSE 100 index is a capitalization-weighted index of the 100 most highly capitalised companies traded 
on the London Stock Exchange and is calculated in GBP. 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
x5 Daily Leveraged FTSE 100 RT TR Index 
+5 
Long 
FTSE 100 Index 
FTSE 100 Daily Super Leveraged RT TR Index 
+3 
Long 
FTSE 100 Daily Leveraged RT TR Index 
+2 
Long 
FTSE 100 Daily Super Short Strategy RT Gross TR Index 
-2 
Short 
FTSE 100 Daily Ultra Short Strategy RT Gross TR Index 
-3 
Short 
x5 Daily Short Strategy FTSE 100 RT Gross TR Index 
-5 
Short 
 
FTSE 250 Indices 
The FTSE 250 Index is a capitalisation-weighted index consisting of the 101st to the 350th largest 
companies listed on the London Stock Exchange and is calculated in GBP. 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
x5 Daily Leveraged FTSE 250 RT TR Index 
+5 
Long 
FTSE 250 Index 
FTSE 250 Daily Super Leveraged RT TR Index 
+3 
Long 
FTSE 250 Daily Leveraged RT TR Index 
+2 
Long 
FTSE 250 Daily Super Short Strategy RT Gross TR Index 
-2 
Short 
FTSE 250 Daily Ultra Short Strategy RT Gross TR Index 
-3 
Short 
x5 Daily Short Strategy FTSE 250 RT Gross TR Index 
-5 
Short 
 
FTSE China A50 Indices 
The FTSE China A50 Index is designed to represent the performance of the 50 largest companies by full 
market capitalisation of the mainland Chinese market that is available to domestic, and international 
investors via the Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (QFII), Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional 
Investor (RQFII) scheme and Stock Connect programmes. The FTSE China A50 Index is a subset of the 
FTSE China A All Cap Free Index. 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
FTSE China 50 5x Daily Leveraged Index 
+5 
Long 
FTSE A50 Index 
FTSE China 50 3x Daily Leveraged Index 
+3 
Long 
FTSE China 50 2x Daily Leveraged Index 
+2 
Long 
FTSE China A50 2x Daily Short Index 
-2 
Short 
FTSE China A50 3x Daily Short Index 
-3 
Short 
FTSE China A50 5x Daily Short Index 
-5 
Short

--- Page 453 ---
453 
FTSE Emerging Markets Indices 
The FTSE Emerging Index provides investors with a comprehensive means of measuring the performance 
of the most liquid Large and Mid Cap companies in the emerging markets. FTSE Emerging Markets 
indexes are part of the FTSE Global Equity Index Series (GEIS). The series includes large and mid cap 
securities from advanced and secondary emerging markets, classified in accordance with FTSE's 
transparent Country Classification Review Process. The index is derived from the FTSE Global Equity 
Index Series (GEIS), which covers 99% of the world's investable market capitalisation 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
FTSE Emerging Markets  5x Daily Leveraged Index 
+5 
Long 
FTSE A50 Index 
FTSE Emerging Markets 3x Daily Leveraged Index 
+3 
Long 
FTSE Emerging Markets 2x Daily Leveraged Index 
+2 
Long 
FTSE Emerging Markets 2x Daily Short Index 
-2 
Short 
FTSE Emerging Markets 3x Daily Short Index 
-3 
Short 
FTSE Emerging Markets 5x Daily Short Index 
-5 
Short 
 
FTSE MIB Indices 
The FTSE MIB Index is the primary benchmark index for the Italian equity market, measures the 
performance of 40 Italian equities and seeks to replicate the broad sector weights of the Italian stock 
market. The FTSE MIB Index is derived from the universe of stocks trading on the Borsa Italiana main 
equity market, and is calculated in EUR. 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
x5 Daily Leveraged FTSE MIB Daily RT Net-of-Tax (Lux) TR 
Index 
+5 
Long 
FTSE MIB Index 
FTSE MIB Daily Super Leveraged RT Net-of-Tax (Lux) TR 
Index 
+3 
Long 
FTSE MIB Daily Leveraged RT Net-of-Tax 
+2 
Long 
FTSE MIB Daily Super Short Strategy RT Gross TR Index 
-2 
Short 
FTSE MIB Daily Ultra Short Strategy RT Gross TR Index 
-3 
Short 
x5 Daily Short Strategy FTSE MIB RT Gross TR Index 
-5 
Short 
 
 
MDAX® Indices 
The MDAX® tracks the segment of mid-sized industrials, known as midcaps. It contains the shares of the 
50 companies listed in the Prime Segment of Deutsche Boerse. The MDAX® only contains companies in 
the traditional sectors, predominantly those in the pharmaceuticals, chemicals, engineering and financial 
sectors. The MDAX® is calculated primarily as a performance index. In addition to price performance, it 
takes into consideration income from dividend payments, thus fully reflecting the actual performance of an 
investment in the index portfolio. 
 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
LevMDAX® x5 Index 
+5 
Long 
MDAX® Index 
LevMDAX® x3 Index 
+3 
Long 
LevMDAX® x2 Index 
+2 
Long 
ShortMDAX® x2 Index 
-2 
Short 
ShortMDAX® x3 Index 
-3 
Short 
ShortMDAX® x5 Index 
-5 
Short

--- Page 454 ---
454 
 
PSI 20® Indices 
The PSI 20® index reflects the performance of the 40 most actively traded shares listed on Euronext 
Lisbon, is calculated in EUR, and is the most widely used indicator of the Portuguese stock market. The 
Index is calculated in EUR. 
 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
PSI 20® X5 Leverage NR 
+5 
Long 
PSI 20® Index 
PSI 20® X3 Leverage NR 
+3 
Long 
PSI 20® Leverage GR 
+2 
Long 
PSI 20® Double Short GR 
-2 
Short 
PSI 20® Triple Short GR 
-3 
Short 
PSI 20® X5 Short GR 
-5 
Short 
 
 
S&P 500 
The S&P 500 Index is a capitalization-weighted index of 500 stocks listed on US national markets. The 
index is designed to measure performance of the broad US economy through changes in the aggregate 
market value of 500 stocks representing all major industries. The S&P 500 index components and their 
weightings are determined by S&P Dow Jones Indices. 
 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
S&P 500 5X Leverage Daily Index 
+5 
Long 
S&P 500 Index 
S&P 500 3X Leverage Daily Index 
+3 
Long 
S&P 500 2X Leverage Daily Index 
+2 
Long 
S&P 500 Index Inverse Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
S&P 500 2X Inverse Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
S&P 500 Index 3X Inverse Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
S&P 500 Index 5X Inverse Daily Index 
-5 
Short 
 
 
S&P Select Sector Indices 
All components of the S&P 500 index are assigned to one of the eleven Select Sector Indices, which 
seek to track major economic segments and are highly liquid benchmarks. Stock classifications are 
based on the Global Industry Classification Standard (0.75 cmGICS®). Capping is applied to ensure 
diversification among companies within each index. 
 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
S&P Select Sector Communication Services Index Inverse Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
S&P Select Sector 
Communication Services Index 
S&P Select Sector Communication Services Index 2X Inverse Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Communication Services Index 3X Inverse Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Communication Services Index 5X Inverse Daily Index 
-5 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Communication Services Index 2X Leverage Daily Index 
2 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Communication Services Index 3X Leverage Daily Index 
3 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Communication Services Index 5X Leverage Daily Index 
5 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Discretionary Index Inverse Daily Index 
-1 
Short

--- Page 455 ---
455 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Discretionary Index 2X Inverse Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Consumer 
Discretionary Index 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Discretionary Index 3X Inverse Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Discretionary Index 5X Inverse Daily Index 
-5 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Discretionary Index 2X Leverage Daily Index 
2 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Discretionary Index 3X Leverage Daily Index 
3 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Discretionary Index 5X Leverage Daily Index 
5 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Stapes Index Inverse Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Consumer 
Stapes Index 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Stapes Index 2X Inverse Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Stapes Index 3X Inverse Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Stapes Index 5X Inverse Daily Index 
-5 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Stapes Index 2X Leverage Daily Index 
2 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Stapes Index 3X Leverage Daily Index 
3 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Consumer Stapes Index 5X Leverage Daily Index 
5 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Energy Index Inverse Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Energy 
Index 
S&P Select Sector Energy Index 2X Inverse Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Energy Index 3X Inverse Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Energy Index 5X Inverse Daily Index 
-5 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Energy Index 2X Leverage Daily Index 
2 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Energy Index 3X Leverage Daily Index 
3 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Energy Index 5X Leverage Daily Index 
5 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Financials Index Inverse Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Financials 
Index 
S&P Select Sector Financials Index 2X Inverse Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Financials Index 3X Inverse Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Financials Index 5X Inverse Daily Index 
-5 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Financials Index 2X Leverage Daily Index 
2 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Financials Index 3X Leverage Daily Index 
3 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Financials Index 5X Leverage Daily Index 
5 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Health Care Index Inverse Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Health Care 
Index 
S&P Select Sector Health Care Index 2X Inverse Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Health Care Index 3X Inverse Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Health Care Index 5X Inverse Daily Index 
-5 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Health Care Index 2X Leverage Daily Index 
2 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Health Care Index 3X Leverage Daily Index 
3 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Health Care Index 5X Leverage Daily Index 
5 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Industrials Index Inverse Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Industrials 
Index 
S&P Select Sector Industrials Index 2X Inverse Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Industrials Index 3X Inverse Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Industrials Index 5X Inverse Daily Index 
-5 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Industrials Index 2X Leverage Daily Index 
2 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Industrials Index 3X Leverage Daily Index 
3 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Industrials Index 5X Leverage Daily Index 
5 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Materials Index Inverse Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Materials 
Index 
S&P Select Sector Materials Index 2X Inverse Daily Index 
-2 
Short

--- Page 456 ---
456 
S&P Select Sector Materials Index 3X Inverse Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Materials Index 5X Inverse Daily Index 
-5 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Materials Index 2X Leverage Daily Index 
2 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Materials Index 3X Leverage Daily Index 
3 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Materials Index 5X Leverage Daily Index 
5 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Real Estate Index Inverse Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Real Estate 
Index 
S&P Select Sector Real Estate Index 2X Inverse Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Real Estate Index 3X Inverse Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Real Estate Index 5X Inverse Daily Index 
-5 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Real Estate Index 2X Leverage Daily Index 
2 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Real Estate Index 3X Leverage Daily Index 
3 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Real Estate Index 5X Leverage Daily Index 
5 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Technology Index Inverse Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Technology 
Index 
S&P Select Sector Technology Index 2X Inverse Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Technology Index 3X Inverse Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Technology Index 5X Inverse Daily Index 
-5 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Technology Index 2X Leverage Daily Index 
2 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Technology Index 3X Leverage Daily Index 
3 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Technology Index 5X Leverage Daily Index 
5 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Utilities Index Inverse Daily Index 
-1 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Utilities 
Index 
S&P Select Sector Utilities Index 2X Inverse Daily Index 
-2 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Utilities Index 3X Inverse Daily Index 
-3 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Utilities Index 5X Inverse Daily Index 
-5 
Short 
S&P Select Sector Utilities Index 2X Leverage Daily Index 
2 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Utilities Index 3X Leverage Daily Index 
3 
Long 
S&P Select Sector Utilities Index 5X Leverage Daily Index 
5 
Long 
 
 
STOXX Europe 600 Sector Indices 
The STOXX Europe 600 Sector Indices are derived from STOXX Europe 600 Index which represents 
large, mid and small capitalisation companies across 18 countries of the European region: Austria, 
Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the 
Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. Each STOXX 
Europe 600 Sector index is designed to represent the largest European companies in the relevant sector, 
as defined by the Industry Classification Benchmark (ICB). 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or 
Short 
Underlying asset 
STOXX Europe 600 Automobiles & Parts Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 
Automobiles & Parts Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Automobiles & Parts Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Automobiles & Parts Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Automobiles & Parts Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Automobiles & Parts Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Automobiles & Parts Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Automobiles & Parts Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long

--- Page 457 ---
457 
STOXX Europe 600 Banks Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Banks 
Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Banks Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Banks Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Banks Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Banks Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Banks Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Banks Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Basic Resources Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Basic 
Resources Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Basic Resources Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Basic Resources Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Basic Resources Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Basic Resources Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Basic Resources Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Basic Resources Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Chemicals Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Chemicals 
Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Chemicals Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Chemicals Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Chemicals Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Chemicals Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Chemicals Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Chemicals Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Construction & Materials Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 
Construction & Materials index 
STOXX Europe 600 Construction & Materials Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Construction & Materials Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Construction & Materials Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Construction & Materials Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Construction & Materials Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Construction & Materials Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Financials Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Financials 
Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Financials Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Financials Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Financials Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Financials Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Financials Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Financials Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Financial Services Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Financial 
Services Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Financial Services Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Financial Services Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Financial Services Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Financial Services Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Financial Services Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Financial Services Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Food & Beverage Daily Short 
-1 
Short

--- Page 458 ---
458 
STOXX Europe 600 Food & Beverage Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Food & 
Beverage Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Food & Beverage Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Food & Beverage Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Food & Beverage Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Food & Beverage Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Food & Beverage Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Health Care Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Health Care 
Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Health Care Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Health Care Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Health Care Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Health Care Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Health Care Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Health Care Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Industrial Goods & Services Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Industrial 
Goods & Services Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Industrial Goods & Services Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Industrial Goods & Services Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Industrial Goods & Services Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Industrial Goods & Services Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Industrial Goods & Services Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Industrial Goods & Services Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Insurance Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Insurance 
Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Insurance Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Insurance Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Insurance Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Insurance Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Insurance Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Insurance Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Media Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Media 
Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Media Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Media Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Media Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Media Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Media Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Media Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Oil & Gas Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Oil & Gas 
Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Oil & Gas Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Oil & Gas Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Oil & Gas Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Oil & Gas Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Oil & Gas Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Oil & Gas Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Personal & Household Goods Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Personal & 
Household Goods Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Personal & Household Goods Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short

--- Page 459 ---
459 
STOXX Europe 600 Personal & Household Goods Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Personal & Household Goods Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Personal & Household Goods Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Personal & Household Goods Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Personal & Household Goods Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Real Estate Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Real Estate 
Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Real Estate Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Real Estate Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Real Estate Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Real Estate Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Real Estate Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Real Estate Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Retail Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Retail Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Retail Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Retail Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Retail Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Retail Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Retail Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Retail Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Technology Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Technology 
Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Technology Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Technology Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Technology Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Technology Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Technology Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Technology Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Telecommunications Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 
Telecommunications Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Telecommunications Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Telecommunications Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Telecommunications Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Telecommunications Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Telecommunications Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Telecommunications Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Travel & Leisure Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Travel & 
Leisure Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Travel & Leisure Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Travel & Leisure Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Travel & Leisure Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Travel & Leisure Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Travel & Leisure Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Travel & Leisure Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Utilities Daily Short 
-1 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Utilities 
Index 
STOXX Europe 600 Utilities Daily Double Short 
-2 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Utilities Daily Short 3 
-3 
Short

--- Page 460 ---
460 
STOXX Europe 600 Utilities Daily Short 5 
-5 
Short 
STOXX Europe 600 Utilities Daily Leverage 
2 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Utilities Daily Leverage 3 
3 
Long 
STOXX Europe 600 Utilities Daily Leverage 5 
5 
Long 
 
TecDAX® Indices 
The TecDAX® tracks German technology companies of mid- and small-size. It contains the shares of 30 
companies listed on the Prime Segment of Deutsche Boerse. The TecDAX® is calculated primarily as a 
performance index. In addition to price performance, it takes into consideration income from dividend 
payments, thus fully reflecting the actual performance of an investment in the index portfolio 
Index Name 
Leverage 
Factor 
Long or Short 
Underlying Asset 
LevTecDAX® x5 Index 
+5 
Long 
TecDAX® Index 
LevTecDAX® x3 Index 
+3 
Long 
LevTecDAX® x2 Index 
+2 
Long 
ShortTecDAX® x2 Index 
-2 
Short 
ShortTecDAX® x3 Index 
-3 
Short 
ShortTecDAX® x5 Index 
-5 
Short 
 
Index disclaimers 
 
AEX, CAC 40, BEL 20 and PSI 20 Indices 
Euronext N.V. or its subsidiaries holds all (intellectual) proprietary rights with respect to the AEX, CAC 40, 
BEL 20 and PSI 20 Indices. Euronext N.V. or its subsidiaries do not sponsor, endorse or have any other 
involvement in the issue and offering of the ETP Securities. Euronext N.V. and its subsidiaries disclaim 
any liability for any inaccuracy in the data on which the indices are based, for any mistakes, errors, or 
omissions in the calculation and/or dissemination of the indices, or for the manner in which they are applied 
in connection with the issue and offering thereof. "AEX, CAC 40, BEL 20 and PSI 20" are registered 
trademark(s) of Euronext N.V. or its subsidiaries. 
 
BITA Indices 
The publication of the indices by BITA Gmbh does not constitute a recommendation for capital investment 
and does not contain any assurance or opinion of BITA GmbH regarding a possible investment in a 
financial instrument based on these indices. None of the Information or BITA indices or other product or 
service delivered by BITA GmbH constitutes an offer to buy or sell, or a promotion, sponsorship, or 
recommendation of, any security, financial instrument or product or trading strategy. BITA GmbH does not 
make any claim, prediction, warranty, or representation whatsoever, expressly or impliedly, either as to the 
accuracy, timeliness, completeness, merchantability of any information or results to be obtained from the 
use of any BITA Index and/or Index Value at any time or in any respect. BITA indices are calculated and 
published by BITA GmbH on a "Best Effort. 
 
FTSE 100, FTSE 250, FTSE China A50 and FTSE Emerging Markets Indices 
The ETP Securities have been developed solely by the Issuer. The ETP Securities are not in any way 
connected to or sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the London Stock Exchange Group plc and its 
group undertakings (collectively, the “LSE Group”). FTSE Russell is a trading name of certain of the LSE 
Group companies. All rights in the FTSE 100, FTSE 250, FTSE China A50 and FTSE Emerging Markets 
indices vest in the relevant LSE Group company which owns the Index. FTSE® is a trade mark of the 
relevant LSE Group company and is used by any other LSE Group company under license. The indices 
are calculated by or on behalf of FTSE International Limited or its affiliate, agent or partner. The LSE Group 
does not accept any liability whatsoever to any person arising out of (a) the use of, reliance on or any error 
in the indices or (b) investment in or operation of the ETP Securities. The LSE Group makes no claim,

--- Page 461 ---
461 
prediction, warranty or representation either as to the results to be obtained from the ETP Securities or the 
suitability of the Index for the purpose to which it is being put by the Issuer. 
 
FTSE MIB Indices 
The ETP Securities have been developed solely by the Issuer. The ETP Securities are not in any way 
connected to or sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the London Stock Exchange Group plc and its 
group undertakings (collectively, the “LSEG Companies”). FTSE Russell is a trading name of certain of the 
LSEG Companies. All rights in the FTSE MIB Indices vest in the relevant FTSE Russell company which 
owns the Index. “FTSE®” is a trade mark(s) of the relevant LSEG Companies and is/are used by any other 
LSEG Company under license. “MIB®” is a trade mark if Borsa Italiana S.p.A and is used by FTSE Russell 
under license. The indices are calculated by or on behalf of FTSE International Limited or its agent. LSEG 
Companies do not accept any liability whatsoever to any person arising out of (a) the use of, reliance on 
or any error in the Index or (b) investment in or operation of the ETP Securities. No LSEG Company makes 
any claim, prediction, warranty or representation either as to the results to be obtained from the ETF 
Securities or the suitability of the Index for the purpose to which it is being put by the Issuer. 
 
S&P 500 and S&P Select Sector Indices  
The indices are a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC or its affiliates (“SPDJI”), and has been licensed 
for use by the Issuer.  Standard & Poor’s® and S&P® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s 
Financial Services LLC (“S&P”) and Dow Jones® is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark 
Holdings LLC (“Dow Jones”).  The trademarks have been licensed to SPDJI and have been sublicensed 
for use for certain purposes by the Issuer.  The ETP Securities are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or 
promoted by SPDJI, Dow Jones, S&P or any of their respective affiliates (collectively, “S&P Dow Jones 
Indices”).  S&P Dow Jones Indices makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, to the owners 
of the ETP Securities or any member of the public regarding the advisability of investing in securities 
generally or in ETP Securities particularly or the ability of the indices to track general market performance.  
S&P Dow Jones Indices only relationship to the Issuer with respect to the indices is the licensing of the 
indices and certain trademarks, service marks and/or trade names of S&P Dow Jones Indices and/or its 
licensors.  The indices are determined, composed and calculated by S&P Dow Jones Indices without 
regard to the Issuer or the ETP Securities.  S&P Dow Jones Indices has no obligation to take the needs of 
the Issuer or the owners of ETP Securities into consideration in determining, composing or calculating the 
indices.  S&P Dow Jones Indices is not responsible for and has not participated in the determination of the 
prices, and amount of ETP Securities or the timing of the issuance or sale of ETP Securities or in the 
determination or calculation of the equation by which the ETP Securities are to be converted into cash, 
surrendered or redeemed, as the case may be.  S&P Dow Jones Indices has no obligation or liability in 
connection with the administration, marketing or trading of ETP Securities. There is no assurance that 
investment products based on the indices will accurately track index performance or provide positive 
investment returns.  S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC is not an investment advisor.  Inclusion of a security 
within an index is not a recommendation by S&P Dow Jones Indices to buy, sell, or hold such security, nor 
is it considered to be investment advice. 
 
S&P DOW JONES INDICES DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE ADEQUACY, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS 
AND/OR THE COMPLETENESS OF THE INDICES OR ANY DATA RELATED THERETO OR ANY 
COMMUNICATION, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ORAL OR WRITTEN COMMUNICATION 
(INCLUDING ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS) WITH RESPECT THERETO.  S&P DOW JONES 
INDICES SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO ANY DAMAGES OR LIABILITY FOR ANY ERRORS, 
OMISSIONS, OR DELAYS THEREIN.  S&P DOW JONES INDICES MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, OF MERCHANTABILITY OR 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE OR AS TO RESULTS TO BE OBTAINED BY THE 
ISSUER, OWNERS OF THE ETP SECURITIES, OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FROM THE 
USE OF THE INDICES OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY DATA RELATED THERETO.  WITHOUT LIMITING 
ANY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT WHATSOEVER SHALL S&P DOW JONES INDICES BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS, TRADING LOSSES, LOST TIME OR 
GOODWILL, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, 
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.  THERE ARE NO THIRD 
PARTY BENEFICIARIES OF ANY AGREEMENTS OR ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN S&P DOW JONES 
INDICES AND THE ISSUER, OTHER THAN THE LICENSORS OF S&P DOW JONES INDICES.

--- Page 462 ---
462 
 
Solactive Indices  
The ETP Securities are not sponsored, promoted, sold or supported in any other manner by Solactive AG 
nor does Solactive AG offer any express or implicit guarantee or assurance either with regard to the results 
of using the Index and/or Index trade mark or the Index Price at any time or in any other respect. The Index 
is calculated, administered and published by Solactive AG.  Solactive AG uses its best efforts to ensure 
that the Index is calculated correctly. Irrespective of its obligations towards the Issuer, Solactive AG has 
no obligation to point out errors in the Index to third parties including but not limited to investors and/or 
financial intermediaries of the financial instrument. Neither publication of the Index by Solactive AG nor the 
licensing of the Index or Index trade mark for the purpose of use in connection with the financial instrument 
constitutes a recommendation by Solactive AG to invest capital in said financial instrument nor does it in 
any way represent an assurance or opinion of Solactive AG with regard to any investment in this financial 
instrument. 
 
DAX, EURO STOXX 50, EURO STOXX Sector, MDAX , STOXX Europe 600 Sector and TecDAX 
Indices 
STOXX Ltd,, Qontigo Index GmbH, Deutsche Börse Group and their licensors, research partners or data 
providers have no relationship to the Issuer, other than the licensing of the DAX®, EURO STOXX 50 Index, 
EURO STOXX Sector Indices, MDAX®, STOXX Europe 600 Sector and  TecDAX® indices and the related 
trademarks for use in connection with the ETP Securities. 
STOXX Ltd., Qontigo Index GmbH and their licensors, research partners or data providers do not: 
 
sponsor, endorse, sell or promote the ETP Securities; 
 
 recommend that any person invest in the ETP Securities or any other securities; 
 
 have any responsibility or liability for or make any decisions about the timing, amount or pricing 
of ETP Securities; 
 
 have any responsibility or liability for the administration, management or marketing of the ETP 
Securities; 
 
 consider the needs of the ETP Securities or the owners of the ETP Securities in determining, 
composing or calculating the indices or have any obligation to do so. 
STOXX Ltd., Qontigo Index GmbH respectively as the licensor and their licensors, research 
partners or data providers give no warranty, and exclude any liability (whether in negligence or 
otherwise), in connection with the ETP Securities or their performance.  
Qontigo Index GmbH does not assume any contractual relationship with the purchasers of the ETP 
Securities or any other third parties. 
Specifically, 
 
STOXX Ltd., Qontigo Index GmbH as their licensor and their licensors, research partners or data 
providers do not give any warranty, express or implied in particular, any liability about 
o 
The results to be obtained by the ETP Securities, the owner of the ETP Securities or any other 
person in connection with the use of the indices and the data included in the indices; 
o 
The accuracy, timeliness, and completeness of the indices and their data; 
o 
The merchantability and the fitness for a particular purpose or use of the indices and their 
data; 
o 
The performance of the ETP Securities generally. 
 
 
STOXX Ltd., Qontigo Index GmbH and their licensors, research partners or data providers give no 
warranty and exclude any liability, for any errors, omissions or interruptions in the indices or its data;

--- Page 463 ---
463 
 
Under no circumstances will STOXX Ltd., Qontigo Index GmbH or their licensors, research partners 
or data providers be liable (whether in negligence or otherwise) for any lost profits or indirect, punitive, 
special or consequential damages or losses, arising as a result of such errors, omissions or 
interruptions in the indices or its data or generally in relation to the ETP Securities, even in 
circumstances where STOXX Ltd, Qontigo Index GmbH or their licensors, research partners or data 
providers are aware that such loss or damage may occur.  
 
STOXX Ltd. and Qontigo Index GmbH do not assume any contractual relationship with the purchasers of 
the Product or any other third parties. The licensing agreement between the Issuer and the respective 
licensors solely for their benefit and not for the benefit of the owners of the ETP Securities or any other 
third parties.

--- Page 464 ---
464 
MASTER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ETP SECURITIES 
 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the ETP Securities. The full text of these terms and conditions 
together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms shall be endorsed on the ETP 
Securities. References in these terms and conditions to “ETP Securities” are to the ETP Securities of one Series 
only, not to all ETP Securities that may be issued under the Programme. 
Italicised wording contained in these Conditions is included as instructions, guidance or disclosure only and 
does not form part of the Conditions of the ETP Securities.  
A non-binding translation of the following text of the terms and conditions may be prepared in relation to a Series 
of ETP Securities. The English language version of the terms and conditions shall be binding and prevail in all 
circumstances.  
Copies of the Series Issue Deed, the Master Trust Terms, the Master Terms and Conditions, the Master Agency 
Terms, the Master Authorised Participant Terms, the Security Deed, the Swap Agreement and the Swap Pledge 
Agreement referred to in these terms and conditions are available for inspection during normal business hours 
at the specified office of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent and at the 
specified offices of each of the Paying Agents and will be sent to a prospective or current Securityholder on 
request to the Issuer, the Issuing and Paying Agent or a Paying Agent. 
References to any time in the Conditions or any Transaction Document are expressed using the 24-hour-clock 
convention. References in the Conditions or any Transaction Document to a party publishing any value, rate, 
level, notice or other information shall be deemed to include any agent, delegate or appointee of such party 
publishing such value, rate, level, notice or other information on behalf of that party. 
1 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings 
set out below: 
“Account Control Agreement” means the triparty account control agreement between the Issuer, the Swap 
Counterparty and the Swap Collateral Custodian dated 29 March 2019, as novated by the Deed of Novation 
(and as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time). 
“Accrued Fee” has the meaning given to it in the Schedule hereto. 
“Adjustment Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(c)(i) (Adjustment Events). 
“Adjustment Event Notice” means a notice delivered in accordance with Part 5(hh) (Adjustment Event) of the 
schedule to the Swap Agreement by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer (copied to each other Transaction 
Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s))) notifying them of the occurrence of an Adjustment Event. 
“Adjustment Terms Notice” means a notice delivered in accordance with Part 5(hh) (Adjustment Event) of the 
schedule to the Swap Agreement by the Swap Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty 
(copied to each other Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s))) notifying them of its 
determination as to (i) whether any adjustments are required to any of the terms of the Swap Transaction and/or 
any of the terms of the Conditions to account for the economic effect of the relevant Adjustment Event on the 
Swap Transaction and the ETP Securities and (ii) the nature and effective date of any such adjustment(s).  
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person or entity, any other person or entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the person or entity, any other person or entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or entity or any 
other person or entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person or entity. For these purposes, 
“control” of any entity or person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (i) vote 10 per cent. or more

--- Page 465 ---
465 
of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the relevant person or entity or (ii) 
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person or entity whether by contract or 
otherwise. 
“Agency Agreement” means (i) in relation to any Series of ETP Securities, the agency agreement dated on or 
about the issue date of such Series of ETP Securities entered into by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Security 
Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and any other parties thereto by the execution of the 
Issue Deed in respect of such Series of ETP Securities and in the form of the Master Agency Terms (as 
amended and/or supplemented by such Issue Deed) and as such Agency Agreement is amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time and (ii) for the avoidance of any doubt, in relation to this 
Series of ETP Securities, the Series Agency Agreement. 
“Agent Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(v) (Agent Redemption Event). 
“Agent Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(v) (Agent Redemption Event). 
“Agents” means the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and any Liquidation Agent or any of them 
and such other agent(s) as may be appointed from time to time in relation to the ETP Securities under the 
Agency Agreement by acceding to the Issue Deed and the Agency Agreement or any other agreement with the 
Issuer under which such agent is appointed from time to time in relation to the ETP Securities, as applicable, 
and any successor or replacement thereto and “Agent” means any of them. 
“Agreed Pricing Purchase Settlement Amount” means an amount per ETP Security equal to (i) the purchase 
price per ETP Security as agreed between the Swap Counterparty and the relevant Authorised Participant; 
minus (ii) the Swap Unwind Cost per ETP Security (if any). 
“AP Bid Price Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ix) (AP Redemption Event). 
“AP Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ix) (AP Redemption Event). 
“AP Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ix) (AP Redemption Event). 
“Arranger” means GraniteShares Jersey Limited in its capacity as arranger under the Programme and any 
successor and/or replacement thereto. 
“Arranger Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in the Schedule hereto. 
“Authorised Participant” means (i) in relation to any Series of ETP Securities (A) each Authorised Participant 
specified in the Final Terms and appointed under the Authorised Participant Agreement as at the Series Issue 
Date and (B) any party that is appointed as an Authorised Participant for such Series of ETP Securities under 
the Authorised Participant Agreement by acceding to the Issue Deed and the Authorised Participant Agreement, 
and any successor or replacement thereto and (ii) for the avoidance of any doubt, in relation to this Series of 
ETP Securities, each Series Authorised Participant. 
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means (i) in relation to any Series of ETP Securities, the authorised 
participant agreement dated on or about the issue date of such Series of ETP Securities entered into by the 
Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, each Authorised Participant and any other parties thereto by the execution of 
the Issue Deed in respect of such Series of ETP Securities and in the form of the Master Authorised Participant 
Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by such Issue Deed) and as such Authorised Participant Agreement 
is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time and (ii) for the avoidance of any doubt, in 
relation to this Series of ETP Securities, the Series Authorised Participant Agreement. 
“Authorised Participant Bankruptcy Event” means with respect to an Authorised Participant (i) such 
Authorised Participant becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, 
amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a 
general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the 
appointment of a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially

--- Page 466 ---
466 
all of its assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment 
thereof, or if a resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or 
dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, 
administrator, liquidator, or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is 
appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy or 
insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the purpose 
of liquidation, and/or (ii) an ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee announces that it has resolved 
that a Bankruptcy Credit Event (as defined in the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (as supplemented 
from time to time)) has occurred with respect to such Authorised Participant. 
“Bank” has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(b) (Payments). 
“Belgian Law Secured Property” means the Issuer’s rights, title and interest described in Condition 6(c) 
(Belgium Security) and which is subject to the Belgian Law Security. 
“Belgian Law Security” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(c) (Belgian Law Security). 
“Bid Price Request Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ix) (AP Redemption Event). 
“Bid Price Request Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ix) (AP Redemption Event). 
“Bid Price Request Period End Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ix) (AP Redemption Event). 
“CGN” means a Global Security in classic global note form. 
“Change of Law Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(i) (Early Redemption 
Events). 
“Clearing System” means (i) Euroclear, (ii) Clearstream, Frankfurt, (iii) Clearstream, Luxembourg or (iv) any 
other recognised clearing system in which ETP Securities of a Series may be cleared. 
“Clearstream, Frankfurt” means Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt and any successor thereto. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg and any successor 
thereto. 
“Closing Index Level” means, in relation to an Index in respect of a Transaction and a Scheduled Valuation 
Day:  
(i) 
the official closing level of such Index in respect of that Scheduled Valuation Day as calculated and 
published by the Index Sponsor of such Index and which shall be made available on the Website; 
or  
(ii) 
if the Swap Calculation Agent has delivered a Disruption Event Notice in respect of such 
Transaction, the level for such Index determined in respect of such Disrupted Day in accordance 
with Part 5(gg) (Disruption Event and Determination of Closing Index Level) of the schedule to the 
Swap Agreement and which shall be made available on the Website.  
“Conditions” means these terms and conditions as supplemented or varied in accordance with the provisions 
of Part A of the relevant Final Terms. 
“Corporate Services Agreement” means the corporate services agreement in respect of the Programme dated 
26 July 2017 entered into by the Issuer and TMF Administration Services Limited (as corporate services 
provider) as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Creation Order” means a request that an Authorised Participant may submit to the Issuer (copied to the Swap 
Counterparty) in accordance with clause 3.1 (Request to Issue and Subscribe) of the Authorised Participant 
Agreement for the Issuer to issue further ETP Securities to such Authorised Participant.

--- Page 467 ---
467 
“Creation Settlement Amount” means, in respect of a creation of an ETP Security and the related Creation 
Settlement Date, an amount per ETP Security equal to (i) the Value per ETP Security in respect of such Creation 
Trade Date plus (ii) the Swap Upsize Cost per ETP Security (if any). 
“Creation Settlement Date” means, in respect of a Valid Creation Confirmation Order, the date on which (i) the 
relevant ETP Securities have been issued in full by the Issuer to the relevant Authorised Participant(s) and (ii) 
the Creation Settlement Amount in respect of each ETP Security proposed to be issued has been paid in full by 
the Authorised Participant(s) to the Issuer, which, as at the Creation Trade Date, is scheduled to be the 
Scheduled Creation Settlement Date. 
“Creation Suspension Event” means, in accordance with clause 3.7 (Creation Suspension Event) of the 
Authorised Participant Agreement, the Issuer delivers a notice in writing to the Issuing and Paying Agent and 
each Authorised Participant (copied to each other Transaction Party) stating that with effect from the date 
specified in such notice, creations of the ETP Securities shall be suspended, provided that the effective date of 
any such suspension so specified shall be a day not earlier than the Relevant Business Day following the date 
of such notice.  
“Creation Trade Date” means a Relevant Business Day on which a Valid Creation Order Confirmation is 
delivered by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and the relevant Authorised Participant in 
accordance with clause 3.3 (Valid Creation Order Confirmation) of the Authorised Participant Agreement. 
“Deed of Novation” means the deed of novation dated 24 June 2019 between, amongst others, the Issuer, the 
Swap Collateral Custodian and the Swap Counterparty. 
“Definitive Securities” means ETP Securities in definitive form and includes any replacement ETP Security 
issued pursuant to these Conditions. 
“Disrupted Closing Index Level Determination Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(vii) 
(Disruption Event and Determination of Closing Index Level). 
“Disrupted Day” means a day in respect of which a Disruption Event Notice has been delivered by the 
Disruption Event Notification Cut-Off Time. 
“Disruption Adjustment Amount” has the meaning given to it in the Schedule hereto. 
“Disruption Backstop Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(v)(B) (Disruption Event and 
Determination of Closing Index Level). 
“Disruption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(a) (Disruption Events). 
“Disruption Event Notice” means a notice delivered in accordance with Part 5(gg) (Disruption Event and 
Determination of Closing Index Level) of the schedule to the Swap Agreement by the Swap Counterparty to the 
Issuer (copied to each other Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s))) notifying them of the 
occurrence of a Disruption Event. 
“Disruption Event Notification Cut-Off Time” means, in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Day: 
(i) 
in respect of a Series of ETP Securities where “European Exchange Listed Shares” has been 
specified as “Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, 17:00 London time on such Scheduled 
Valuation Day (or, if such Scheduled Valuation Day is not a London and Paris Business Day, 06:00 
London time on the immediately following London and Paris Business Day); or 
(ii) 
in respect of a Series of ETP Securities where “U.S. Exchange Listed Shares” has been specified 
as “Applicable” in the relevant Final Terms, 06:00 London time on the immediately following London 
and Paris Business Day. 
“Early Redemption Amount” means an amount per ETP Security equal to the greater of:

--- Page 468 ---
468 
(i) 
the Value per ETP Security in respect of the Early Redemption Valuation Date as determined and 
published in accordance with Condition 5 (Determination and Publication of Value per ETP 
Security); and 
(ii) 
the Minimum Redemption Amount. 
“Early Redemption Date” means, the earlier of:  
(i) 
two London and Paris Business Days after the first day on which no sums remain owing to the 
Issuer under the Swap Transaction following the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Date; and  
(ii) 
the day falling 60 calendar days after the relevant Early Redemption Valuation Date (or, if such day 
is not a London and Paris Business Day, the first following London and Paris Business Day). 
“Early Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d) (Early Redemption Events). 
“Early Redemption Valuation Date” means: 
(i) 
in relation to an Early Redemption Event (other than a Scheduled Swap Redemption Event) the 
date of the occurrence of the Early Redemption Event as specified in Condition 8(c) (Issuer Call 
Redemption Event) or 8(d) (Early Redemption Events), as applicable; 
(ii) 
in relation to a Scheduled Swap Redemption Event, three Relevant Business Days prior to the 
scheduled termination date of the Swap Transaction; and 
(iii) 
in relation to an Event of Default, the Relevant Business Day following the date of the notice from 
the Trustee given to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty pursuant to Condition 14 (Events of 
Default). 
“Eligible Collateral” means any collateral meeting the eligibility requirements set out in the Account Control 
Agreement, as amended from time to time. 
“Eligible Swap Collateral Custodian” means any bank or financial institution whose business includes the 
provision of account control services and which (i) is incorporated, domiciled and regulated as a custodian in 
an OECD country and (ii) has a rating equal to the Eligible Swap Collateral Custodian Threshold Rating or 
higher (or the equivalent rating from any other Rating Agency). 
“Eligible Swap Collateral Custodian Threshold Rating” means the rating of the relevant Rating Agency 
specified in the Final Terms. 
“English Law Secured Property” means the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit and the sums of money, 
securities, financial instruments or other property described in Condition 6(b) (English Law Security) and which 
is subject to the English Law Security. 
“English Law Security” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(b) (English Law Security). 
“ETP Securities” means, unless the context otherwise requires, the securities in the form of notes issued in 
respect of this Series, as further described in the Final Terms. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and any successor thereto. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Events of Default). 
“Event of Default Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Events of Default). 
“Excess Credit Support Property” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(g)(iii) (Enforcement of Security 
Constituted under the Swap Pledge Agreement). 
“Exchange Business Day” means, in respect of an exchange or quotation system, any Exchange Scheduled 
Trading Day on which such relevant exchange or quotation system is open for trading during its respective

--- Page 469 ---
469 
regular trading sessions, notwithstanding such exchange or quotation system closing prior to its scheduled 
closing time. 
“Exchange Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3 (Exchange). 
“Exchange Scheduled Trading Day” means, in respect of an exchange or quotation system, any day on which 
such exchange or quotation system is scheduled to be open for trading for its regular trading sessions. 
“Extended Swap Term” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(c) (Term of the Swap Transaction). 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the Trust Deed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, provided that a resolution in writing 
signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of the ETP Securities 
outstanding who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting held in accordance with the Trust 
Deed shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
such Securityholders duly convened and held in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means an amount per ETP Security equal to the greater of: 
(i) 
the Value per ETP Security in respect of the Final Redemption Valuation Date as determined and 
published in accordance with Condition 5 (Determination and Publication of Value per ETP 
Security); and 
(ii) 
the Minimum Redemption Amount.  
“Final Redemption Valuation Date” means the day falling ten Relevant Business Days prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
“Final Swap Payment Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(a) (Final Redemption). 
“Final Terms” means the final terms issued specifying the relevant issue details of the ETP Securities, in the 
form set out in the Issue Deed relating to such ETP Securities or such other form as may be determined by the 
Issuer. 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Limited and any successor thereto. 
“FSMA” means the United Kingdom Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 as amended and/or supplemented 
from time to time. 
“Global Security” means the global security representing the ETP Securities. 
“Hedge Position” has the meaning given to it in the Schedule hereto. 
“holder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 (Form and Title). 
“Index” means (i) an index with an Index Leverage Factor, as further specified in the Final Terms and (ii) any 
Successor Index thereto.  
“Index Adjustment Factor” has the meaning given to it in the Schedule hereto. 
“Index Cancellation No Successor Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ii) (Index Cancellation 
Redemption Event). 
“Index Cancellation Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(ii) (Index Cancellation 
Redemption Event). 
“Index Leverage Factor” means, in respect of an Index, the leverage factor applicable in respect of such Index, 
as specified in the Final Terms.  
“Index License Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in the Schedule hereto.

--- Page 470 ---
470 
“Index Pricing Purchase Settlement Amount” means an amount per ETP Security equal to (i) the Value per 
ETP Security in respect of such Purchase Trade Date; minus (ii) the Swap Unwind Cost per ETP Security (if 
any). 
“Index Sponsor” means the corporation or entity that (a) is responsible for setting and reviewing the rules and 
procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, related to the Index and (b) announces 
(directly or through an agent) the level of the Index on a regular basis, failing whom such person acceptable to 
the Swap Calculation Agent who calculates and announces the Index or any agent or person acting on behalf 
of such person, being the Index Sponsor specified in the Final Terms or such successor index sponsor as may 
be notified to the Issuer and published on the Website from time to time in accordance with Condition 10(b) 
(Successor Index Sponsor). 
“Initial Early Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption). 
“Initial Swap Term” means, prior to any extension in accordance with Condition 11(c) (Term of the Swap 
Transaction), the period from (and including) the Series Issue Date to (and including) the termination date for 
the Swap Transaction, being (i) the date falling five calendar years after the Series Issue Date or (ii) such other 
date as may be specified in the Final Terms.  
“Issue Date” means the issue date of the relevant Tranche of ETP Securities as specified in the Final Terms. 
“Issue Deed” means (i) in relation to any Series of ETP Securities, the issue deed in respect of such Series of 
ETP Securities dated on or about the series issue date of such Series of ETP Securities made between, inter 
alios, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Security Trustee and the other parties specified therein as amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time and (ii) for the avoidance of any doubt, in relation to this 
Series of ETP Securities, the Series Issue Deed. 
“Issue Price per ETP Security” means: 
(i) 
on the Series Issue Date, the Issue Price per ETP Security as specified in the Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any subsequent Tranche of the ETP Securities issued after the Series Issue Date, the 
Value per ETP Security (as determined and published on the Website in accordance with Condition 
5 (Determination and Publication of Value per ETP Security)) in respect of the Creation Trade Date 
relating to such Tranche, as specified in the Final Terms relating to such Tranche. 
“Issuer” means GraniteShares Financial plc, a public limited liability company incorporated in Ireland with 
registration number 608059. 
“Issuer Call Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(viii) (Issuer Call Redemption 
Event). 
“Issuer Call Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c) (Issuer Call Redemption Event). 
“Issuer Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(i) 
(Issuer Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event). 
“Issuing and Paying Agent” means The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch and any successor or 
replacement thereto. 
“Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event” means the Issuing and Paying Agent becomes incapable of 
acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt or 
insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other 
similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or 
meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof or, if a resolution is passed or an order made for 
the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a

--- Page 471 ---
471 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the 
entity or all or substantially all of its assets is appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or 
against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the entity 
or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation. 
“Liquidation Agent” means, any agent appointed to act as Liquidation Agent by the Issuer in respect of the 
ETP Securities pursuant to Condition 6(g) (Enforcement of Security Constituted Under the Swap Pledge 
Agreement). 
“London and Paris Business Day” means a day that is both a London Business Day and a Paris Business 
Day. 
“London Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in London. 
“Loss” means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, fees, expense (including, but not limited to legal costs 
and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on any judgment, assessment, fees 
or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim. 
“Master Agency Terms” means the master agency terms relating to the Programme with the version number 
and date as specified in the Final Terms. 
“Master Authorised Participant Terms” means the master authorised participant terms relating to the 
Programme with the version number and date as specified in the Final Terms. 
“Master Terms and Conditions” means the master terms and conditions relating to the Programme with the 
version number and date as specified in the Final Terms. 
“Master Trust Terms” means the master trust terms relating to the Programme with the version number and 
date as specified in the Final Terms. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” means, in respect of an ETP Security and subject to amendment in 
accordance with Condition 8(e)(ii)(A)(I) (Suspension Threshold Trigger), the amount specified in the Final 
Terms being an amount equal to 2 per cent. of the Issue Price per ETP Security as at the Series Issue Date. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall” means, in respect of a Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall 
Event, an amount per ETP Security equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount less the related Swap Payment 
Amount per ETP Security. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall Event” means, in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, the 
Minimum Redemption Amount payable in respect of each ETP Security being greater than the Swap Payment 
Amount per ETP Security. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited and any successor thereto. 
“New York Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets settle payments in New York, United States of America. 
“Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Day” means a Scheduled Valuation Day in respect of which the Swap 
Counterparty has not delivered a Disruption Event Notice. 
“Obligor” means each person that has an obligation to the Issuer pursuant to the Secured Property. 
“OECD” means the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development and any successor thereto. 
“Original Credit Support” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d) (Substitution of Posted Collateral). 
“Original Disrupted Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(v) (Disruption Event and Determination 
of Closing Index Level).

--- Page 472 ---
472 
“Other Creditor” means each person that is entitled to the benefit of Other Issuer Obligations. 
“Other Issuer Obligations” means the obligations and duties of the Issuer owed to any party under the 
Transaction Documents relating to any Series of ETP Securities other than the Secured Issuer Obligations and 
“Other Issuer Obligation” means any of them. 
“outstanding” means, for the purposes of the Conditions, the Swap Agreement, the Trust Deed and the Security 
Deed, in relation to the ETP Securities and a day:  
(i) 
on the Series Issue Date, the ETP Securities issued on such date; and  
(ii) 
on any day thereafter, all the ETP Securities issued on or prior to such day except: 
(a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with Condition 8(a) (Final Redemption) or 8(b) 
(Early Redemption); 
(b) 
those that have been cancelled for any reason;  
(c) 
those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys have 
been duly paid to the Trustee or to the Issuing and Paying Agent and which remain available for 
payment against presentation and surrender of ETP Securities;  
(d) 
those that have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed;  
(e) 
those which have been issued and which are pending settlement to an Authorised Participant but 
in respect of which the related Creation Settlement Date has yet to occur;  
(f) 
those in respect of which a Purchase Settlement Date has occurred; 
(g) 
those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled as provided in Condition 8(e) (Purchase 
of ETP Securities); 
(h) 
those mutilated or defaced ETP Securities that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement ETP Securities;  
(i) 
(for the purpose only of determining how many ETP Securities are outstanding and without 
prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those ETP Securities alleged to have been lost, 
stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement ETP Securities have been issued; and  
(j) 
any Global Security to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive 
Securities pursuant to its provisions,  
provided that for the purposes of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the 
Securityholders, (2) the determination of how many Securities are outstanding for the purposes of the 
Conditions, the Swap Agreement, the Trust Deed and the Security Deed and (3) the exercise of any 
discretion, power or authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by 
reference to the interests of the Securityholders, those ETP Securities that are beneficially held by or on 
behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be deemed not to remain 
outstanding.  
“Paris Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Paris. 
“Party A Optional Termination Event” means the Swap Counterparty has elected to designate a Swap Early 
Termination Date and early terminate the Swap Transaction in accordance with Part 1(g)(vi) (Party A Optional 
Termination Event) of the schedule to the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 473 ---
473 
“Party B Optional Termination Event” means the Issuer has elected to designate a Swap Early Termination 
Date and early terminate the Swap Transaction in accordance with Part 1(g)(vii) (Party B Optional Termination 
Event) of the schedule to the Swap Agreement. 
“Paying Agents” means the Issuing and Paying Agent, any other Paying Agents specified in the Final Terms 
and any successors or replacements thereto. 
“Payment Business Day” means:  
(i) 
where the ETP Securities are denominated in a currency other than euro, in relation to a payment, 
a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which (a) commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments in the principal financial centre for the currency of the relevant payment 
and (b) the Relevant Clearing System is open; or  
(ii) 
where the ETP Securities are denominated in euro, a day (a) which is a TARGET Settlement Day 
and (b) on which the Relevant Clearing System is open. 
“Post-enforcement Minimum Accumulated Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(k) 
(Accumulation of Moneys). 
“Posted Collateral” means, in relation to the Swap Pledge Agreement and the Account Control Agreement and 
at any given time, all Eligible Collateral credited to the Swap Collateral Account. 
“Posted Collateral Substitution” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d) (Substitution of Posted 
Collateral). 
“Postponed Determination Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(vii) (Disruption Event and 
Determination of Closing Index Level). 
“Potential Event of Default” means an event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse of time 
and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default. 
“Pre-enforcement Minimum Accumulated Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(k) 
(Accumulation of Moneys). 
“Preceding Disrupted Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(vi) (Disruption Event and 
Determination of Closing Index Level). 
“Proceedings” has the meaning given to it in Condition 24(a) (Jurisdiction). 
“Programme” means the Collateralised ETP Securities Programme of GraniteShares Financial plc. 
“Programme Maximum Number of ETP Securities” means 1,000,000,000,000. 
“Publication Event Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(vi) (Publication Failure 
Redemption Event). 
“Publication Failure Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(vi) (Publication Failure Redemption 
Event). 
“Publication Failure Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(vi) (Publication Failure 
Redemption Event). 
“Purchase Order” means a request that an Authorised Participant may submit to the Issuer (copied to the Swap 
Counterparty) in accordance with clause 4.1 (Request for Issuer to Purchase ETP Securities) of the Authorised 
Participant Agreement for the Issuer to purchase ETP Securities from the Authorised Participant. 
“Purchase Settlement Amount” means, in respect of a purchase of an ETP Security by the Issuer and the 
related Purchase Settlement Date, an amount per ETP Security equal to:

--- Page 474 ---
474 
(i) 
if the Issuer and the Authorised Participant agree that the Purchase Settlement Amount in respect 
of such ETP Security shall be the Index Pricing Purchase Settlement Amount, the Index Pricing 
Purchase Settlement Amount; or 
(ii) 
if the Issuer and the Authorised Participant agree that the Purchase Settlement Amount in respect 
of such ETP Security shall be the Agreed Pricing Purchase Settlement Amount, the Agreed Pricing 
Purchase Settlement Amount.  
“Purchase Settlement Date” means, in respect of a Valid Purchase Confirmation Order, the date on which (i) 
the relevant ETP Securities have been surrendered in full by the relevant Authorised Participant(s) to the Issuer 
and (ii) the Purchase Settlement Amount in respect of each ETP Security proposed to be surrendered has been 
paid in full by the Issuer to the Authorised Participant(s), which, as at the Purchase Trade Date, is scheduled to 
be the Scheduled Purchase Settlement Date. 
“Purchase Suspension Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(e)(ii)(A)(II) (Suspension Threshold 
Trigger). 
“Purchase Trade Date” means a Relevant Business Day on which a Valid Purchase Order Confirmation is 
delivered by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and the relevant Authorised Participants in 
accordance with clause 4.3 (Valid Purchase Order Confirmation) of the Authorised Participant Agreement. 
“Rating Agency” means any of Fitch, Moody’s and S&P and “Rating Agencies” means each of them. 
“Rebalancing Shortfall” has the meaning given to it in the Schedule hereto. 
“Redemption Amount” means the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable. 
“Relevant Business Day” means the Series Issue Date and each day thereafter that is (i) a London and Paris 
Business Day and (ii) a Scheduled Valuation Day. 
“Relevant Clearing System” means each Clearing System so specified in the Final Terms. 
“Relevant Stock Exchange” means each Stock Exchange (or such other stock exchange) so specified in the 
Final Terms, if any. 
“S&P” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., and any 
successor thereto. 
“Scheduled Creation Settlement Date” means, in respect of a Creation Trade Date, the second London and 
Paris Business Day following such Creation Trade Date (subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 
12(h)(ii) (Business Day Convention and Non-Payment Business Days) and postponement in accordance with 
Condition 9(d) (Postponement of Settlement of Further Issuances and Purchases)).  
“Scheduled Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the Final Terms, provided that if such date is 
not a London and Paris Business Day, the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be the first following day that is a 
London and Paris Business Day. 
“Scheduled Purchase Settlement Date” means, in respect of a Purchase Trade Date, the second London and 
Paris Business Day following such Purchase Trade Date (subject to adjustment in accordance with Condition 
12(h)(ii) (Business Day Convention and Non-Payment Business Days) and postponement in accordance with 
Condition 9(d) (Postponement of Settlement of Further Issuances and Purchases)). 
“Scheduled Swap Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iii) (Scheduled Swap 
Redemption Event). 
“Scheduled Valuation Day” means the Series Issue Date and each day thereafter that is, at any time prior to 
any determination by the Swap Counterparty that the Index has been cancelled and that no Successor Index 
exists, a day on which the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of the Index.

--- Page 475 ---
475 
“Secondary Early Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption). 
“Section 871(m)” means section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or any 
successor provision of such code). 
“Secured Creditor” means each person that is entitled to the benefit of Secured Issuer Obligations. 
“Secured Issuer Obligations” means the obligations and duties of the Issuer:  
(i) 
under the Trust Deed relating to each Series of ETP Securities and each ETP Security of each 
Series of ETP Securities;  
(ii) 
under the Swap Agreement, the Account Control Agreement and the Swap Pledge Agreement;  
(iii) 
to pay all Taxes (other than any income, corporation or similar tax), fees, costs, charges, expenses, 
liabilities and other amounts properly payable to the Liquidation Agent; and  
(iv) 
to pay the Taxes (other than any income, corporation or similar tax), fees, expenses or other 
amounts due to the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Paying Agents pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement in respect of each Series of ETP Securities,  
and “Secured Issuer Obligation” means any of them. 
“Secured Property” means the English Law Secured Property and the Belgian Law Secured Property. 
“Security” means the security constituted by the Security Deed. 
“Security Deed” means the amended and restated security deed dated 24 June 2019 between the Issuer and 
the Security Trustee (as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time). 
“Security Enforcement Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(xii) (Security 
Enforcement Redemption Event). 
“Security Enforcement Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(xii) (Security 
Enforcement Redemption Event). 
“Security Trustee” means BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited and any successor or replacement 
thereto. 
“Securityholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2 (Form and Title). 
“Securityholders’ Resolution” means a resolution passed at one or more duly convened meetings of 
Securityholders held in accordance with each Trust Deed by, or a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of 
holders of, in each case, a majority representing at least 75 per cent. in principal amount of the ETP Securities 
in respect of all Series of ETP Securities outstanding (excluding any ETP Securities in respect of which all 
claims of the Secured Creditors arising in respect of such ETP Securities and the Transaction Agreements in 
respect of such ETP Securities have been satisfied in full) as determined (or procured to be determined) by the 
Issuer (based on the votes given at such duly convened meeting(s) in respect of such ETP Securities or the 
votes represented by such signed written resolutions) and notified in writing to the Security Trustee (and, for 
such purposes, if such ETP Securities are denominated in more than one currency, then in order to ascertain 
whether the percentage threshold for such resolution has been met, the determining party will apply a currency 
exchange rate (as it shall determine in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) to the principal 
amount of such ETP Securities). For such purposes, the Security Trustee shall accept and rely on (without 
liability to any person) any information or notice provided to it by the determining party without further 
investigation or verification and a resolution in writing shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effective as a 
Securityholders’ Resolution passed at one or more meetings duly convened and held in accordance with the 
provisions of each relevant Trust Deed.

--- Page 476 ---
476 
“Series” means, in respect of ETP Securities, all ETP Securities having the same ISIN, WKN or other similar 
identifier. 
“Series Agency Agreement” means the agency agreement dated on or about the Series Issue Date entered 
into by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and any 
other parties thereto by the execution of the Series Issue Deed and in the form of the Master Agency Terms (as 
amended and/or supplemented by the Series Issue Deed) and as such Series Agency Agreement is amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Series Authorised Participant” means (i) each Authorised Participant specified in the Final Terms and 
appointed under the Series Authorised Participant Agreement as at the Series Issue Date; and (ii) any party 
that is appointed as an Authorised Participant for this Series of ETP Securities under the Series Authorised 
Participant Agreement by acceding to the Series Issue Deed and the Series Authorised Participant Agreement, 
and any successor or replacement thereto.  
“Series Authorised Participant Agreement” means the authorised participant agreement dated on or about 
the Series Issue Date entered into by the Issuer, the Swap Counterparty, each Series Authorised Participant 
and any other parties thereto by the execution of the Series Issue Deed and in the form of the Master Authorised 
Participant Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by the Series Issue Deed) and as such Series Authorised 
Participant Agreement is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Series Issue Date” means the issue date specified in the Final Terms of the first Tranche of this Series of ETP 
Securities. 
“Series Issue Deed” means the issue deed in respect of this Series of ETP Securities dated on or about the 
Series Issue Date made between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Security Trustee and the other parties 
specified therein as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Series Swap Transaction” means the fully funded index linked swap transaction entered into by the Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement in connection with this Series of ETP Securities. 
“Series Transaction Document” means each of: 
(i) 
the Series Issue Deed, the Series Trust Deed, the Series Agency Agreement and the Series 
Authorised Participant Agreement; and 
(ii) 
the Security Deed, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreement, the Swap Pledge 
Agreement and the Account Control Agreement, 
in each case as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time and “Series Transaction 
Documents” means all such documents. 
“Series Transaction Party” means a party to a Series Transaction Document (other than the Issuer). 
“Series Trust Deed” means the trust deed dated on or about the Series Issue Date entered into as a deed by 
the Issuer, the Trustee and any other parties thereto by the execution of the Series Issue Deed and in the form 
of the relevant Master Trust Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by the Series Issue Deed) and as such 
Series Trust Deed is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time. 
“Specified Currency” means the currency in which the Series of ETP Securities is denominated, as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
“specified office” means, in relation to any Agent, the office identified in respect of such Agent in the Issue 
Deed or any other office approved by the Trustee and notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 
20 (Notices). 
“Stock Exchange” means the London Stock Exchange, Euronext Paris, Euronext Amsterdam, the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange and/or the Borsa Italiana.

--- Page 477 ---
477 
“Substitute Credit Support” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(d) (Substitution of Posted Collateral). 
“Substituted Obligor” has the meaning given to it in Condition 16(d) (Substitution of Issuer). 
“Successor Index” means, as determined by the Swap Calculation Agent pursuant to Part 5(kk) (Successor 
Index and Index Sponsor) of the schedule to the Swap Agreement (i) the Index, as calculated or announced by 
a successor sponsor acceptable to the Swap Calculation Agent or (ii) a successor index that has replaced the 
Index using the same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation 
of the Index.  
“Suspension Threshold Trigger Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(e)(ii) (Suspension of 
Purchases). 
“Swap Agreement” means the swap agreement dated as of 3 April 2019, as amended and restated as of 24 
June 2019, between the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty in the form of a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. together with a Schedule thereto, 
together with each confirmation entered into thereunder evidencing a Swap Transaction and as such Swap 
Agreement is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time.  
“Swap Agreement Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv) (Swap Agreement 
Redemption Event). 
“Swap Agreement Tax Event” means a tax event or tax event upon merger has occurred in respect of the 
Swap Agreement, as further described in Sections 5(b)(iii) and 5(b)(iv), respectively, of the Swap Agreement 
(as amended by the schedule to the Swap Agreement), pursuant to which a Swap Early Termination Date may 
occur or be designated by the affected party (being the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty) in accordance with 
the terms of the Swap Agreement, provided that (i) a transfer has not been agreed in time in accordance with 
Section 6(b)(ii) of the Swap Agreement (as amended by the schedule to the Swap Agreement) and (ii) the 
relevant tax event or tax event upon merger is continuing at the time of designation. 
“Swap Calculation Agent” means the Swap Counterparty. 
“Swap Collateral Account” means all of the cash accounts and/or securities accounts established in the name 
of the Swap Counterparty with the Swap Collateral Custodian pursuant to the Account Control Agreement, and 
over which security has been granted by the Swap Counterparty in favour of the Issuer pursuant to the Swap 
Pledge Agreement.  
“Swap Collateral Custodian” means The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV and any successor or replacement 
thereto. 
“Swap Counterparty” means Natixis and any successor or replacement thereto. 
“Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event” means the occurrence of a Swap Counterparty Event of Default 
pursuant to Section 5(a)(vii) of the Swap Agreement. 
“Swap Counterparty Default Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(x) (Swap 
Counterparty Default Redemption Event). 
“Swap Counterparty Default Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(x) (Swap 
Counterparty Default Redemption Event). 
“Swap Counterparty Event of Default” means an Event of Default (as defined in the Swap Agreement) in 
respect of the Swap Counterparty, as further described in Section 5(a) of the Swap Agreement, has occurred 
or exists, pursuant to which a Swap Early Termination Date may occur or may be designated by the Issuer (or 
be deemed to have occurred or been designated automatically) in accordance with the terms of the Swap 
Agreement.

--- Page 478 ---
478 
“Swap Early Termination Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(iv) (Swap Agreement Redemption 
Event). 
“Swap Payment Amount per ETP Security” means, in respect of a Series of ETP Securities, the Swap 
Transaction entered into in connection with such Series of ETP Securities and the Early Redemption Valuation 
Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date applicable for such Series of ETP Securities, the quotient of (i) the 
Swap Termination Amount for such Swap Transaction and (ii) the number of ETP Securities outstanding for 
such Series of ETP Securities as at such Early Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date, 
as applicable. 
“Swap Pledge Agreement” means the security pledge agreement dated 24 June 2019 between the Issuer and 
the Swap Counterparty (as amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time). 
“Swap Spread Fee Percentage” has the meaning given to it in the Schedule hereto. 
“Swap Tax Event Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(xi) (Swap Tax Event 
Redemption Event). 
“Swap Tax Event Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(xi) (Swap Tax Event 
Redemption Event). 
“Swap Termination Amount” means, in respect of a Swap Transaction, the Early Termination Amount (as 
defined in the Swap Agreement) or Final Swap Payment Amount, as applicable, determined as due and payable 
pursuant to the terms of such Swap Transaction. 
“Swap Transaction” means (i) in relation to any Series of ETP Securities, the fully funded index linked swap 
transaction entered into by the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement in connection 
with such Series of ETP Securities and (ii) for the avoidance of any doubt, in relation to this Series of ETP 
Securities, the Series Swap Transaction. 
“Swap Unwind Cost per ETP Security” means an amount equal to (i) the Swap Unwind Costs, divided by (ii) 
the number of ETP Securities proposed, as at the Purchase Trade Date, to be purchased on the Purchase 
Settlement Date. 
“Swap Unwind Costs” means, in respect of a Partial Additional Termination Event, an amount determined by 
the Swap Counterparty in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner equal to the sum of:  
(i) 
the sum of (without duplication) (A) any Italian FTT payable by the Swap Counterparty and/or any 
of its Affiliates and (B) all costs, fees, charges and expenses (including, without limitation, funding 
costs, expenses and losses) incurred by the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates in 
connection with the termination of a pro rata portion of the relevant Hedge Position; and  
(ii) 
any Italian FTT payable by the Issuer. 
“Swap Upsize Cost per ETP Security” means an amount equal to (i) the Swap Upsize Costs, divided by (ii) 
the number of ETP Securities proposed, as at the Creation Trade Date, to be issued on the Creation Settlement 
Date. 
“Swap Upsize Costs” means, in respect of an Upsize Request, an amount determined by the Swap 
Counterparty in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner equal to the sum of:  
(i) 
the sum of (without duplication) (A) any Italian FTT payable by the Swap Counterparty and/or any 
of its Affiliates and (B) all costs, fees, charges and expenses (including, without limitation, funding 
costs, expenses and losses) incurred by the Swap Counterparty and/or any of its Affiliates in 
connection with an increase of a pro rata portion of the relevant Hedge Position; and  
(ii) 
any Italian FTT payable by the Issuer.

--- Page 479 ---
479 
“Swap Value” means, on any Scheduled Valuation Day, the value of the Swap Transaction as determined in 
accordance with Part 5(ff) (Determination of Swap Value in respect of each Transaction) of the schedule to the 
Swap Agreement. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means a day on which the TARGET System is operating. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(TARGET2) system or any successor thereto. 
“Tax” means any tax, duty, assessment or charge of whatsoever nature (including, without limitation, any tax 
on income, profits, gains, net wealth, asset values or turnover, value added tax, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve 
tax, excise, severance, sales, use, transfer, documentary, recording tax or duty or any other similar tax, duty or 
charge) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any government, applicable tax authority or 
jurisdiction. 
“Tax Adjustment Amount” has the meaning given to it in the Schedule hereto. 
“Tranche” means, in relation to ETP Securities of this Series issued on any date, the ETP Securities that are 
issued on the same Issue Date at the same Issue Price per ETP Security. 
“Transaction Document” means:  
(i) 
in relation to any Series of ETP Securities, each of:  
(a) 
the Issue Deed, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Authorised Participant 
Agreement; and  
(b) 
the Security Deed, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreement, the Swap Pledge 
Agreement and the Account Control Agreement,  
in each case as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced from time to time and “Transaction 
Documents” means all such documents; and 
(ii) 
for the avoidance of any doubt, in relation to this Series of ETP Securities, each Series Transaction 
Document. 
“Transaction Party” means (i) in relation to any Series of ETP Securities, a party to a Transaction Document 
(other than the Issuer) and (ii) for the avoidance of any doubt, in relation to this Series of ETP Securities, each 
Series Transaction Party. 
“Trust Deed” means (i) in relation to any Series of ETP Securities, the trust deed dated on or about the issue 
date of such Series of ETP Securities entered into as a deed by the Issuer, the Trustee and any other parties 
thereto by the execution of the Issue Deed in respect of such Series of ETP Securities and in the form of the 
relevant Master Trust Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by such Issue Deed) and as such Trust Deed 
is amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time and (ii) for the avoidance of any doubt, in 
relation to this Series of ETP Securities, the Series Trust Deed. 
“Trustee” means (i) BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited and any successor or replacement thereto. 
“Valid Creation Order Confirmation” means, in respect of a Creation Order, a confirmation delivered in 
accordance with clause 3.3 (Valid Creation Order Confirmation) of the Authorised Participant Agreement by (or 
on behalf of) the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and the relevant Authorised Participants. 
“Valid Purchase Order Confirmation” means, in respect of a Purchase Order, a confirmation delivered in 
accordance with clause 4.3 (Valid Purchase Order Confirmation) of the Authorised Participant Agreement by 
(or on behalf of) the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and the relevant Authorised Participants. 
“Value per ETP Security” means, in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, an amount (which may not be 
negative) as determined in accordance with the Schedule hereto.

--- Page 480 ---
480 
“Value per ETP Security Threshold Level Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(vii) (Value per 
ETP Security Threshold Redemption Event). 
“Value per ETP Security Threshold Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(d)(vii) 
(Value per ETP Security Threshold Redemption Event). 
“Website” means the website maintained by or on behalf of the Issuer at https://graniteshares.com/europe/etps 
(or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) from 
time to time). 
2 
Form and Title 
The ETP Securities are issued in bearer form and shall not be exchangeable for any other form of securities. 
The ETP Securities will be represented on issue by a Global Security in CGN form. The Global Security may 
be exchanged for Definitive Securities in the circumstances described in Condition 3 (Exchange) and any such 
Definitive Securities shall be serially numbered and shall not be issued with coupons. 
Title to the ETP Securities shall pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as 
required by law, the holder of any ETP Security shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner 
for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, 
any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. In the Conditions, 
“Securityholder” and “holder” means the bearer of any ETP Security of this Series. 
3 
Exchange 
The Global Security relating to the ETP Securities is exchangeable (free of charge to the holder) on or after the 
Exchange Date in whole but not in part for Definitive Securities if the Global Security is held on behalf of a 
Clearing System and the Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 calendar 
days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so. 
“Exchange Date” means a day falling not less than 60 calendar days after the date on which the notice requiring 
exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent is located. 
Any such exchange may be effected on or after an Exchange Date by the holder of the Global Security 
surrendering the Global Security to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent. In exchange for the Global 
Security, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, duly executed and authenticated Definitive Securities 
in an aggregate number equal to the number of ETP Securities represented by the Global Security submitted 
for exchange, security printed in accordance substantially with the form required under the Trust Deed. 
4 
Constitution and Status 
(a) 
This Series of ETP Securities is constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deed. The 
ETP Securities are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and 
without any preference among themselves, secured in the manner described in Condition 6 (Security) 
and recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in Condition 6(k) (Accumulation of 
Moneys) and Condition 15 (Enforcement). 
(b) 
The Issuer and each Securityholder agree to treat the ETP Securities as equity of the Issuer for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes.

--- Page 481 ---
481 
5 
Determination and Publication of Value per ETP Security  
Subject to Condition 9(c) (Postponement of Determination and Publication of Value per ETP Security), the 
Issuer shall, in respect of each Scheduled Valuation Day:  
(a) 
calculate, or procure the calculation of, the Value per ETP Security in respect of such Scheduled 
Valuation Day; and  
(b) 
publish (or procure to be published) by no later than 10:00 London time on the immediately following 
London and Paris Business Day on the Website:  
(i) 
the Value per ETP Security for such Scheduled Valuation Day; and  
(ii) 
the related Closing Index Level, Arranger Fee Percentage, Swap Spread Fee Percentage, Index 
License Fee Percentage, Disruption Adjustment Amount, Index Adjustment Factor and Tax 
Adjustment Amount, as applicable, used to determine such Value per ETP Security in respect of 
such Scheduled Valuation Day. 
Any calculation of the Value per ETP Security made by (or on behalf of) the Issuer shall be made in good faith 
and shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Securityholders and the Transaction 
Parties.  
The Issuer (and any party making any calculation on behalf of the Issuer) shall not be liable (whether directly or 
indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to any Securityholder, any Transaction Party or any other person for 
any Loss incurred by any such person that arises out of or in connection with its calculation and publication of 
the Value per ETP Security, provided that nothing shall relieve the Issuer (or any party making any calculation 
on behalf of the Issuer) from any Loss arising by reason of acts or omissions constituting negligence, wilful 
default or fraud of the Issuer (or any party making any calculation on behalf of the Issuer).  
In particular, the Issuer (or any party making any calculation on behalf of the Issuer) shall, under no 
circumstances, incur any liability to any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person for any 
Loss arising out of or in connection with its calculation and publication of the Value per ETP Security where 
such calculation has been made correctly in accordance with these Conditions. 
6 
Security 
(a) 
The Security 
The Secured Issuer Obligations are secured in favour of the Security Trustee, pursuant to the Security 
Deed, by the English law security interests set out in Condition 6(b) below (the “English Law Security”) 
and the Belgian law security interests set out in Condition 6(c) below (the “Belgian Law Security”). 
(b) 
English Law Security 
The English law security interests in favour of the Security Trustee securing the Secured Issuer 
Obligations are as follows: 
(i) 
an assignment by way of security of all of the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit present and 
future in, to and under the Agency Agreement and the Authorised Participant Agreement, in each 
case, in respect of each Series of ETP Securities and a first fixed charge over any cash sums 
(whether in the form of a Creation Settlement Amount or otherwise) received by the Issuer from 
the Authorised Participants under the Authorised Participant Agreement; 
(ii) 
an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit present and 
future in, to and under any agreement pursuant to which the Liquidation Agent is appointed by the 
Issuer in relation to all Series of ETP Securities;

--- Page 482 ---
482 
(iii) 
an assignment by way of security of the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit present and future 
in, to and under the Swap Agreement and a first fixed charge over all property, sums or assets 
received by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement and received by the Issuer in connection with 
the enforcement of the security granted in favour of the Issuer under the Swap Pledge Agreement; 
and 
(iv) 
a first fixed charge over (I) all sums held now or in the future by the Issuing and Paying Agent in 
respect of any Series of ETP Securities to meet payments due in respect of any Secured Issuer 
Obligation or Other Issuer Obligation relating to such Series of ETP Securities, (II) any sums of 
money, securities, financial instruments or other property received or receivable now or in the 
future by an Agent on behalf of the Issuer under the Swap Agreement, the Account Control 
Agreement and/or the Swap Pledge Agreement and (III) all sums, securities and any other 
property held or received by the Liquidation Agent relating to the Swap Agreement, the Account 
Control Agreement, the Swap Pledge Agreement and any Series of ETP Securities. 
(c) 
Belgian Law Security 
The Belgian law security interests in favour of the Security Trustee securing the Secured Issuer 
Obligations are as follows: 
(i) 
a first ranking pledge (gage de premier ranglpand in eerste rang) over all the Issuer’s rights, title 
and interest from time to time in and to all debts of any nature and all other rights to receive money, 
now or in the future due, owed or payable to it under the Account Control Agreement; and 
(ii) 
a first ranking pledge (gage de premier ranglpand in eerste rang) over all the Issuer’s right’s title 
and interest from time to time in and to all debts of any nature and all other rights to receive money, 
now or in the future due, owed or payable to it under the Swap Pledge Agreement. 
(d) 
Secured Property as continuing Security  
The Security is granted to the Security Trustee as continuing Security for the Secured Issuer Obligations. 
In accordance with the Security Deed, prior to any enforcement of the Security, the Security Trustee will 
be deemed to release from such Security without the need for any notice or other formalities: 
(i) 
sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or the Liquidation Agent, as applicable, to the 
extent required for payment of any sum in respect of any Series of ETP Securities and/or under 
the Transaction Documents in respect of any Series of ETP Securities which is due and payable 
(which for the avoidance of doubt shall include, without limitation, Redemption Amounts and 
amounts payable in respect of default interest (if any) to Securityholders in respect of any Series 
of ETP Securities in accordance with the Conditions of such Series of ETP Securities, amounts 
which the Liquidation Agent is permitted to deduct pursuant to Condition 6(g) (Enforcement of 
Security Constituted Under the Swap Pledge Agreement) of each Series of ETP Securities, 
amounts payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement in connection with the 
increase of the exposure under any Swap Transaction relating to a further issue of ETP Securities 
of any Series of ETP Securities, amounts payable to the Swap Counterparty under the Account 
Control Agreement (if any) and Purchase Settlement Amounts payable to any Authorised 
Participant of any Series of ETP Securities by the Issuer); 
(ii) 
any part of the Secured Property when it becomes payable to the extent that payment of it may 
be obtained and duly paid to the Secured Creditors and/or Other Creditors of any Series of ETP 
Securities under the Transaction Document(s) in respect of such Series of ETP Securities and/or 
to holders of ETP Securities of any Series of ETP Securities;

--- Page 483 ---
483 
(iii) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to effect a transfer of Posted Collateral 
from the Swap Collateral Account back to the Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of 
the Swap Pledge Agreement and/or the Account Control Agreement; 
(iv) 
at any time after the security under the Swap Pledge Agreement becomes enforceable, any part 
of the Secured Property to the extent required to enable the Issuer and/or the Liquidation Agent 
to enforce the security under the Swap Pledge Agreement and realise the Posted Collateral in 
accordance with Condition 6(g) (Enforcement of Security Constituted Under the Swap Pledge 
Agreement) of each Series of ETP Securities; 
(v) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to comply with and subject to the provisions 
of Conditions 6(n) (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) and 6(o) (Issuer’s Rights as Beneficial 
Owner of Secured Property) of each Series of ETP Securities; 
(vi) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to give effect to the substitution of the 
Posted Collateral pursuant to the terms of the Swap Pledge Agreement and the Account Control 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
any part of the Secured Property to the extent required to give effect to the transfer of the Swap 
Agreement (including any Swap Transaction thereunder), the Account Control Agreement and/or 
the Swap Pledge Agreement in accordance with the Swap Agreement, the Account Control 
Agreement and/or the Swap Pledge Agreement, as applicable; and 
(viii) 
a pro rata amount of the Secured Property in connection with the purchase and cancellation of 
any ETP Securities of any Series of ETP Securities by the Issuer. 
(e) 
Money Received by the Trustee Prior to Enforcement of Security 
(i) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer agrees, on any date on which a Redemption 
Amount under these Conditions in respect of any ETP Securities becomes due, unconditionally to 
pay the Trustee (or to the order of the Trustee) in same day funds, in accordance with the Trust 
Deed, the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, in respect of 
the ETP Securities which is due and payable on that date together with any default interest payable 
in relation thereto under Condition 12(i) (Default Interest). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in these Conditions or the Trust Deed, (A) payment of Redemption Amounts due under the ETP 
Securities pursuant to the Conditions made to the Issuing and Paying Agent in accordance with 
the terms of the Agency Agreement shall, to that extent, satisfy the Issuer’s obligation to make 
payments of Redemption Amounts in respect of the ETP Securities to the Trustee for the account 
of the Securityholders except to the extent that there is failure by the Issuing and Paying Agent to 
pass such payment to the relevant Securityholders (whether via payment through the Relevant 
Clearing System or otherwise) and (B) a payment of a Redemption Amount made after the due 
date or as a result of the ETP Securities becoming repayable following an Event of Default or the 
occurrence of an Early Redemption Event shall be deemed to have been made when the full 
amount due has been received by the Issuing and Paying Agent or the Trustee and notice to that 
effect has been given to the Securityholders, except to the extent that there is failure by the Issuing 
and Paying Agent to pass such payment to the relevant Securityholders (whether via payment 
through the Relevant Clearing System or otherwise). Under the terms of the Trust Deed, the 
Trustee holds the benefit of this covenant on trust for itself and the Securityholders according to 
their respective interests. 
(ii) 
Subject to Condition 6(g)(iii) (Enforcement of Security Constituted Under the Swap Pledge 
Agreement) and save for any moneys received in connection with the realisation or enforcement 
of all or part of the Security, all moneys received by or on behalf of the Trustee will, despite any

--- Page 484 ---
484 
appropriation of all or part of them by the Issuer, be held by the Trustee on trust to apply them, 
subject to Condition 6(k) (Accumulation of Moneys): 
(A) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges and expenses properly incurred 
and losses and liabilities incurred by or payable to the Trustee and the Security Trustee 
under or pursuant to the Transaction Documents in respect of this Series of ETP Securities 
(including, without limitation, any Taxes (other than any income, corporation or similar tax 
in respect of the Trustee’s and the Security Trustee’s remuneration) required to be paid by 
the Trustee or the Security Trustee in connection with the performance of its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents in respect of this Series of ETP Securities and the 
Trustee’s or the Security Trustee’s remuneration); 
(B) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of the fees, costs, charges and expenses properly 
incurred and losses and liabilities incurred by or payable to the Agents under or pursuant 
to the Transaction Documents in respect of this series of ETP Securities; 
(C) 
thirdly, in payment of any amounts owing to the holders of ETP Securities pari passu and 
rateably; and 
(D) 
fourthly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
If the Trustee holds any moneys in respect of ETP Securities that have become void or in respect 
of which claims have become prescribed, the Trustee will hold them on the trusts described above. 
(f) 
Application of Proceeds of Enforcement of Security 
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed, subject to Condition 6(g)(ii) (Enforcement of Security 
Constituted Under the Swap Pledge Agreement) and Condition 6(k) (Accumulation of Moneys), the 
Security Trustee will apply the proceeds derived from the realisation of the Secured Property (whether 
by way of liquidation or enforcement and after taking account of (x) any Taxes incurred, withheld or 
deducted by or on behalf of the Issuer and (y) any amounts which the Liquidation Agent is permitted to 
deduct from the proceeds of the realisation of the Posted Collateral in accordance with Condition 6(g) 
(Enforcement of Security Constituted Under the Swap Pledge Agreement) properly incurred by the 
Liquidation Agent prior to the enforcement of the Security by the Security Trustee (which shall have been 
certified (including the amounts due to the Liquidation Agent) by the Issuer and the Liquidation Agent to 
the Security Trustee which certificate shall be conclusive and binding)) as follows: 
(i) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges and expenses properly incurred and 
losses, liabilities and other amounts incurred by or payable to the Security Trustee, the Trustee in 
respect of each Series of ETP Securities or any receiver under or pursuant to the Security Deed 
and/or the Trust Deed in respect of each Series of ETP Securities and/or any other Transaction 
Document in respect of each Series of ETP Securities (which for the purpose of this Condition 6(f) 
(Application of Proceeds of Enforcement of Security) and the Security Deed shall include, without 
limitation, (I) any Taxes required to be paid by the Security Trustee or the Trustee in respect of 
each Series of ETP Securities in connection with the performance of their respective obligations 
under the Trust Deed in respect of each Series of ETP Securities and/or the Security Deed and/or 
any other Transaction Document relating to any Series of ETP Securities (other than any income, 
corporation or similar tax in respect of the remuneration of the Security Trustee or the Trustee in 
respect of each Series of ETP Securities), (II) the costs of enforcing or realising all or some of the 
Security and (III) the remuneration of the Security Trustee and the Trustee in respect of each 
Series of ETP Securities); 
(ii) 
secondly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement 
in respect of proper payment of Redemption Amounts and default interest (if any) made to the 
relevant holders of ETP Securities in respect of each Series of ETP Securities;

--- Page 485 ---
485 
(iii) 
thirdly, on a pari passu basis, in payment of any fees, expenses or other amounts due to (I) the 
Issuing and Paying Agent and any other Paying Agent(s) pursuant to the Agency Agreement in 
respect of each Series of ETP Securities, (II) the Liquidation Agent pursuant to the agreement 
under which the Liquidation Agent (if any) is appointed and (III) any account bank or custodian of 
the Issuer in connection with any purchase and cancellation of ETP Securities for each Series 
under such account bank or custodian’s contract of appointment with the Issuer; 
(iv) 
fourthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Securityholders in respect of each Series of ETP 
Securities pari passu and rateably; 
(v) 
fifthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement; 
and 
(vi) 
sixthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
 
(g) 
Enforcement of Security Constituted Under the Swap Pledge Agreement 
(i) 
The security under the Swap Pledge Agreement will become enforceable if (I) a Swap Early 
Termination Date has been designated or deemed to be designated pursuant to the Swap 
Agreement in respect of all Swap Transactions thereunder and the Swap Counterparty has not 
paid in full the amount payable under the Swap Agreement when due or (II) the Swap Counterparty 
has failed (or has failed to cause the Swap Collateral Custodian) to make, when due, any transfer 
of Eligible Collateral required to be made by it or the Swap Collateral Custodian to the Swap 
Collateral Accounts in accordance with the terms of the Account Control Agreement and that 
failure continues for two London and Paris Business Days after notice of that failure is given by 
(or on behalf of) the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Collateral Custodian in 
accordance with the terms of the Swap Pledge Agreement. If the security under the Swap Pledge 
Agreement becomes enforceable, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint a 
Liquidation Agent as soon as is reasonably practicable (and provided always that the Issuer shall 
not be liable for any non-appointment of any Liquidation Agent or for any losses, damages, costs 
or expenses that result from any such non-appointment) to assist the Issuer in the enforcement of 
the security granted under the Swap Pledge Agreement. The Liquidation Agent shall be appointed 
as agent of the Issuer to realise the Posted Collateral under the Swap Pledge Agreement in a 
timely fashion in accordance with the terms of the Swap Pledge Agreement, the Account Control 
Agreement and applicable laws, until such time as the Security constituted under the Security 
Deed has become enforceable and the Security Trustee notifies the Liquidation Agent that it is 
enforcing such Security and to cease its activities in relation thereto. 
In appointing a Liquidation Agent, the Issuer shall act in good faith and shall seek to appoint a 
Liquidation Agent of good professional standing, having appropriate relevant experience and 
charging fees that are no higher than is commercially reasonable. The Issuer is under no obligation 
to obtain more than one quotation for such role and, where there is more than one candidate, may 
choose the entity it considers best suited to the role, regardless of whether other potential 
candidates would have charged lower fees. At any time after the security granted pursuant to the 
Swap Pledge Agreement has become enforceable, the Issuer (or its agent) may authorise and 
direct the Swap Collateral Custodian to deliver the Posted Collateral held by it to, or to the order 
of, the Liquidation Agent. Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed, the Security described in 
Condition 6(a) (The Security) shall automatically be released without further action on the part of 
the Security Trustee to the extent necessary to effect the enforcement of the security granted 
under the Swap Pledge Agreement and the realisation of the Posted Collateral; provided that, for 
the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 6(g) (Enforcement of Security Constituted Under 
the Swap Pledge Agreement) shall operate to release the charges and other security interests

--- Page 486 ---
486 
over the proceeds of the enforcement of the security under the Swap Pledge Agreement and the 
realisation of the Posted Collateral. 
In realising the Posted Collateral, the Liquidation Agent may take such steps as it considers 
appropriate in order to effect an orderly realisation in a timely fashion (so far as is practicable in 
the circumstances), and may effect such realisation at any time or from time to time and may do 
so in one transaction or in multiple transactions. The Liquidation Agent will not be liable to the 
Issuer or to the Security Trustee, the Securityholders or any other person merely because a higher 
price could have been obtained had all or part of the realisation been delayed or taken place at a 
different time or had the realisation not been effected in stages. 
The Liquidation Agent shall be permitted to deduct its remuneration and any Taxes, fees, costs, 
charges and expenses arising from or connected with the realisation of the Posted Collateral and 
the enforcement of the security under the Swap Pledge Agreement from the proceeds of any 
realisation of the Posted Collateral. The Liquidation Agent shall not be liable (x) to account for 
anything except the actual proceeds of any realisation received by it (after deduction of the 
amounts (if any) described above) or (y) for any Taxes, fees, costs, charges, losses, damages, 
liabilities or expenses arising from or connected with any realisation or from any act or omission 
in relation to any realisation or otherwise unless such Taxes, fees, costs, charges, losses, 
damages, liabilities or expenses were caused by its own negligence, wilful default or fraud.  
Subject as provided above, in carrying out any realisation, the Liquidation Agent (I) will act in good 
faith and will sell at a price which it reasonably believes to be representative of the price available 
in the market for the sale of the relevant amount of Posted Collateral being disposed of in the 
relevant transaction and (II) may sell to itself, or any Affiliate of it, provided that the Liquidation 
Agent shall sell at a price which it believes to be a fair market price.  
(ii) 
Prior to the enforcement of the Security constituted under the Security Deed, the Issuer (or its 
agent) shall, subject to Condition 6(g)(iii) (Enforcement of Security Constituted Under the Swap 
Pledge Agreement), apply the proceeds of the enforcement of the security constituted under the 
Swap Pledge Agreement after taking account of (x) any Taxes incurred, withheld or deducted by 
or on behalf of the Issuer and (y) any amounts which the Liquidation Agent is permitted to deduct 
from the proceeds of the realisation of the Secured Property in accordance with this Condition 6(g) 
(Enforcement of Security Constituted Under the Swap Pledge Agreement), as follows: 
(A) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of all Taxes, fees, costs, charges and expenses properly 
incurred and losses and liabilities and other amounts incurred by or payable to the 
Liquidation Agent (which for the purpose of this Condition 6(g) (Enforcement of Security 
Constituted Under the Swap Pledge Agreement) shall include, without limitation, (I) any 
Taxes (other than any income, corporation or similar tax in respect of the Liquidation 
Agent’s remuneration) required to be paid by the Liquidation Agent in connection with the 
performance of its obligations under these Conditions and/or by the Liquidation Agent on 
behalf of the Issuer in connection with the realisation of any Posted Collateral, (II) the costs 
and expenses of the Liquidation Agent in enforcing and/or realising the security under the 
Swap Pledge Agreement and (III) the Liquidation Agent’s remuneration); 
(B) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges and expenses properly 
incurred and losses and liabilities and other amounts incurred by or payable to the Security 
Trustee, the Trustee in respect of each Series of ETP Securities or any receiver under or 
pursuant to the Security Deed and/or the Trust Deed in respect of each Series of ETP 
Securities and/or any other Transaction Document in respect of each Series of ETP 
Securities (which for the purpose of this Condition 6(g) (Enforcement of Security 
Constituted Under the Swap Pledge Agreement) shall include, without limitation, (I) any

--- Page 487 ---
487 
Taxes required to be paid by the Security Trustee or the Trustee in connection with the 
performance of their respective obligations under the Trust Deed in respect of each Series 
of ETP Securities and/or the Security Deed and/or any other Transaction Document relating 
to any Series of ETP Securities (other than any income, corporation or similar tax in respect 
of the remuneration of the Security Trustee or the Trustee in respect of each Series of ETP 
Securities) and (II) the remuneration of the Security Trustee or the Trustee in respect of 
each Series of ETP Securities); 
(C) 
thirdly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent for 
reimbursement in respect of proper payment of Redemption Amounts and default interest 
(if any) made to the relevant holders of ETP Securities in respect of each Series of ETP 
Securities; 
(D) 
fourthly, on a pari passu basis, in payment of any fees, expenses or other amounts due to 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and any other Paying Agent(s) pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement in respect of each Series of ETP Securities; 
(E) 
fifthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Securityholders in respect of each Series of 
ETP Securities pari passu and rateably; 
(F) 
sixthly, in payment of any other amounts owing to the Swap Counterparty under the Swap 
Agreement; and 
(G) 
seventhly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Pursuant to the terms of the Swap Pledge Agreement, the Issuer (or any relevant Agent of the 
Issuer) will transfer to the Swap Counterparty any proceeds and Posted Collateral remaining after 
the enforcement of the security granted in favour of the Issuer under the Swap Pledge Agreement 
and the liquidation of the Posted Collateral and application of the proceeds of such liquidation by 
(or on behalf of) the Issuer under the Swap Pledge Agreement in satisfaction in full of the 
amount(s) due and payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement, 
the Swap Pledge Agreement and the Account Control Agreement (such remaining proceeds and 
Posted Collateral, the “Excess Credit Support Property”). The Excess Credit Support Property 
shall, at all times, be and remain the property of the Swap Counterparty and shall not be subject 
to or form part of the property to be distributed in accordance with the orders of priority in this 
Condition 6 (Security). 
(h) 
Enforcement of Security Constituted Under the Security Deed 
The Security over the Secured Property shall become enforceable pursuant to the Security Deed if 
payment of the Redemption Amount in respect of the ETP Securities of any Series of ETP Securities is 
not made when due on the Scheduled Maturity Date or the relevant Early Redemption Date (as 
applicable) of such Series of ETP Securities and such payment default continues for more than 14 days.  
(i) 
Realisation of Security 
At any time after the Security has become enforceable, the Security Trustee may, at its discretion, and 
shall, if so directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETP Securities of all Series 
of ETP Securities then outstanding or by a Securityholders’ Resolution, in each case subject to it having 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction by the Securityholders, enforce the 
Security constituted under the Security Deed. The Security Trustee shall not be required to take any 
action in relation to the enforcement of the Security without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
(j) 
Realisation of English Law Security

--- Page 488 ---
488 
(i) 
Security Trustee taking possession of English Law Secured Property: To enforce the English 
Law Security the Security Trustee may, at its discretion, (i) enforce, terminate and/or realise any 
Transaction Document (other than the Swap Pledge Agreement and the Account Control 
Agreement) relating to any Series of ETP Securities in accordance with its or their terms, and/or 
take action against any Obligor(s) with respect to the English Law Secured Property and/or (ii) 
take possession of and/or realise all or part of the English Law Secured Property over which the 
English Law Security shall have become enforceable and may in its discretion, sell, call in, collect 
and convert into money all or part of the English Law Secured Property, in such manner and on 
such terms as it thinks fit, in each case without any liability as to the consequence of such action 
and without having regard to the effect of such action on individual Securityholders of any Series 
of ETP Securities and the Security Trustee will not be obliged or required to take any action or 
step unless pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. 
(ii) 
Appointment of receiver: The Security Trustee may, in writing, appoint a receiver of all or part 
of the English Law Secured Property over which any English Law Security shall have become 
enforceable and may remove any receiver so appointed and appoint another in its place. No delay 
or waiver of the right to exercise these powers shall prejudice their future exercise. Any such 
receiver so appointed shall be the Issuer’s agent for all purposes. The Issuer alone shall be 
responsible for the acts, omissions, defaults or misconduct of any receiver appointed by the 
Security Trustee. 
(k) 
Realisation of Belgian Law Security 
To enforce the Belgian Law Security the Security Trustee may, at its discretion, enforce the Belgian Law 
Security in respect of the Belgian Law Secured Property and apply the received amounts towards 
satisfaction of the Secured Issuer Obligations without any liability as to the consequence of such action 
and without having regard to the effect of such action on individual Securityholders of any Series of ETP 
Securities and the Security Trustee shall not be obliged or required to take any action or step unless pre-
funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. 
(l) 
Liability of Security Trustee, receiver, attorneys or agents 
Neither the Security Trustee nor any receiver appointed by it or any attorney or agent of the Security 
Trustee will, by reason of taking possession of any Secured Property or any other reason and whether 
or not as mortgagee in possession, be liable to account for anything except actual receipts or be liable 
for any loss or damage arising from the realisation of such Secured Property or from any act or omission 
to such Secured Property or otherwise unless such loss or damage shall be caused by its own 
negligence, wilful default or fraud. Nothing shall oblige the Security Trustee, nor shall it have any duty, 
to become a mortgagee in possession. 
(m) 
Accumulation of Moneys 
If the amount of the moneys at any time available to the Trustee for payment of Redemption Amounts in 
respect of the ETP Securities in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Money Received by the Trustee Prior 
to Enforcement of Security) is less than 10 per cent. of the aggregated Early Redemption Amount or 
Final Redemption Amount of all ETP Securities outstanding as determined on the Early Redemption 
Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable (the “Pre-enforcement Minimum 
Accumulated Amount”), the Trustee shall not be obliged to make any payments in accordance with 
Condition 6(e) (Money Received by the Trustee Prior to Enforcement of Security) and shall place the 
same on deposit into a non-interest bearing account (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall 
not be required to exercise any form of investment discretion with respect to such deposits) in the name 
or under the control of the Trustee at such bank or financial institution and in such currency as the Trustee 
may think fit. The Trustee shall accumulate such moneys until the accumulations, together with any other 
funds for the time being under its control and available for such payment, amount to at least the Pre-

--- Page 489 ---
489 
enforcement Minimum Accumulated Amount and then such accumulations and funds (after deduction of, 
or provision for, any applicable Taxes) shall be applied as specified in Condition 6(e) (Money Received 
by the Trustee Prior to Enforcement of Security). 
If the amount of the moneys at any time available to the Security Trustee for payment of Redemption 
Amounts in respect of each Series of ETP Securities in accordance with Condition 6(f) (Application of 
Proceeds of Enforcement of Security) is less than 10 per cent. of the aggregated Early Redemption 
Amount or Final Redemption Amount of all ETP Securities of each Series of ETP Securities outstanding 
as determined on the Early Redemption Valuation Date or Final Redemption Valuation Date, as 
applicable, of each Series of ETP Securities (the “Post-enforcement Minimum Accumulated 
Amount”), the Security Trustee shall not be obliged to make any payments in accordance with Condition 
6(f) (Application of Proceeds of Enforcement of Security) and shall place the same on deposit into a non-
interest bearing account (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Security Trustee shall not be required to 
exercise any form of investment discretion with respect to such deposits) in the name or under the control 
of the Security Trustee at such bank or financial institution and in such currency as the Security Trustee 
may think fit. The Security Trustee shall accumulate such moneys until the accumulations, together with 
any other funds for the time being under its control and available for such payment, amount to at least 
the Post-enforcement Minimum Accumulated Amount and then such accumulations and funds (after 
deduction of, or provision for, any applicable Taxes) shall be applied as specified in Condition 6(f) 
(Application of Proceeds of Enforcement of Security). 
(n) 
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
(i) 
Other than following the occurrence of a Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall Event, 
notwithstanding anything in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Transaction Parties 
and Securityholders in respect of each Series of ETP Securities shall have recourse only to the 
Secured Property, subject always to the Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, 
following realisation in full of the Secured Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) 
and application of available cash sums as provided in this Condition 6 (Security), the Trust Deed 
and the Security Deed, as applicable, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in respect of the 
Secured Issuer Obligations remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim shall be extinguished 
and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following the extinguishment of any 
such claim in accordance with this Condition 6(n) (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition), none of 
the Transaction Parties in respect of any Series of ETP Securities, the Securityholders in respect 
of any Series of ETP Securities or any other person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled 
to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate service 
providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt 
shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum. 
(ii) 
Following the occurrence of a Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall Event, notwithstanding 
anything in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, the Transaction Parties and 
Securityholders in respect of the Series of ETP Securities under which such Minimum Redemption 
Amount Shortfall Event has occurred shall have recourse only to a portion of the Secured Property 
relating to the Issuer’s rights in respect of the Swap Termination Amount due and payable under 
the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with such Series of ETP Securities (including any 
amounts already received by the Issuer from the Swap Counterparty in respect of such Swap 
Termination Amount), subject always to the Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, 
following realisation in full of such portion of the Secured Property relating to the Issuer’s rights in 
respect of such Swap Termination Amount (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and 
application of available cash sums as provided in this Condition 6 (Security), the Trust Deed and 
the Security Deed, as applicable, any outstanding claim against the Issuer in respect any Minimum 
Redemption Amount Shortfall relating to any ETP Security remains unpaid, then such outstanding

--- Page 490 ---
490 
claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following 
the extinguishment of any such claim in accordance with this Condition 6(n) (Limited Recourse 
and Non-Petition), none of the Transaction Parties in respect of any Series of ETP Securities, the 
Securityholders in respect of any Series of ETP Securities or any other person acting on behalf of 
any of them shall be entitled to take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, 
shareholders, corporate service providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the 
extinguished claim and no debt shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such 
further sum. 
(iii) 
None of the Transaction Parties in respect of any Series of ETP Securities, the Securityholders in 
respect of any Series of ETP Securities or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, at any 
time, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, 
administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings (whether 
court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets.  
(iv) 
The provisions of this Condition 6(n) (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) shall survive 
notwithstanding any redemption of the ETP Securities or the termination or expiration of any 
Transaction Document in respect of this Series of ETP Securities. 
(o) 
Issuer’s Rights as Beneficial Owner of Secured Property 
At any time before any Security becomes enforceable, the Issuer may, with the sanction of a 
Securityholders’ Resolution or with the prior written consent of the Security Trustee: 
(i) 
take such action in relation to the Secured Property as it may think expedient; and 
(ii) 
exercise any rights incidental to the ownership of the Secured Property which are exercisable by 
the Issuer and, in particular (but, without limitation, and without responsibility for their exercise), 
any voting rights in respect of such property and all rights to enforce any such ownership interests 
in respect of such property.  
The Issuer shall not exercise any rights with respect to the Secured Property, unless it has the consent 
referred to above or is directed to do so by a Securityholders’ Resolution and, if such direction or consent 
is given, the Issuer shall act only in accordance with such direction or consent, provided that, prior to the 
enforcement of the Security, the Issuer may release or modify the rights and assets which are comprised 
in the Secured Property without any further action or consent being required on the part of the Security 
Trustee to the extent necessary in connection with any of the circumstances described in Condition 6(d) 
(Secured Property as continuing Security ) in relation to which the Security over such Secured Property 
is released. 
7 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the ETP Securities of any Series of ETP Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, 
without the prior written consent of the Security Trustee: 
(a) 
engage in any business activities, save that the Issuer may without consent engage in any of the following 
activities (or any other business activity which relates to or is incidental thereto): 
(i) 
issue, enter into, amend, exchange or repurchase and cancel or reissue or resell all or some only 
of the ETP Securities of any Series of ETP Securities as may be provided in the Conditions of 
such Series and the Trust Deed and Transaction Documents relating to such Series of ETP 
Securities and in connection therewith enter into or amend Transaction Documents relating to 
such Series of ETP Securities accordingly;

--- Page 491 ---
491 
(ii) 
acquire and own rights, property or other assets which are to comprise Secured Property for each 
Series of ETP Securities so as to enable it to discharge its obligations under each Series of ETP 
Securities, and any Transaction Document relating to any such Series of ETP Securities; 
(iii) 
perform its respective obligations under (A) any ETP Securities issued under the Programme, (B) 
any Transaction Document entered into in connection with any such Series of ETP Securities, and 
(C) any agreements incidental to the granting of Security under the Security Deed relating to each 
Series of ETP Securities or incidental to the issue and constitution of any Series of ETP Securities; 
(iv) 
engage in any activity in relation to the Secured Property, the Posted Collateral, the Swap 
Agreement, the Swap Pledge Agreement, the Account Control Agreement or any other 
Transaction Document relating to any Series of ETP Securities contemplated by the Conditions of 
any Series of ETP Securities, the Swap Agreement, the Swap Pledge Agreement, the Account 
Control Agreement or any Transaction Document relating to any Series of ETP Securities; 
(v) 
subject as provided in any Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETP Securities, the Security Deed 
and the Conditions of any Series of ETP Securities, enforce any of its rights whether under the 
Trust Deed relating to any Series of ETP Securities, the Security Deed, any other Transaction 
Document relating to any Series of ETP Securities or otherwise under any agreement entered into 
in relation to any Series of ETP Securities or the Secured Property; and 
(vi) 
perform any other act incidental to, or necessary in connection with, any of the above (which shall 
include, without limitation, the appointment of auditors and any other administrative or 
management functions necessary to maintain the Issuer and/or to keep it operating and/or to 
comply with any laws, regulations or rules applicable to it);  
(b) 
cause or permit the Swap Agreement, the Swap Pledge Agreement, the Account Control Agreement, the 
terms of the Security granted under the Security Deed or the order of priority specified in the Conditions 
of each Series of ETP Securities, each Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETP Securities and the Security 
Deed, as applicable, to be amended, terminated or discharged (other than as contemplated by such Trust 
Deed, the Security Deed, the Swap Agreement, the Swap Pledge Agreement, the Account Control 
Agreement and/or the Conditions relating to any Series of ETP Securities); 
(c) 
release any party to the Swap Agreement, the Swap Pledge Agreement, the Account Control Agreement, 
each Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETP Securities, the Security Deed or any other Transaction 
Document relating to any Series of ETP Securities from any existing obligations thereunder (other than 
as contemplated by such Trust Deed, the Security Deed, the Swap Agreement, the Swap Pledge 
Agreement, the Account Control Agreement and/or the Conditions relating to any Series of ETP 
Securities); 
(d) 
have any subsidiaries; 
(e) 
sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of the Secured Property or any right or interest therein or thereto or 
create or allow to exist any charge, lien or other encumbrance over any Secured Property (to the extent 
it relates to the Issuer) except in accordance with the Conditions of each Series of ETP Securities, the 
Swap Agreement, the Swap Pledge Agreement, the Account Control Agreement, the Security Deed and 
the Agency Agreement, Trust Deed, and any other Transaction Document relating to any Series of ETP 
Securities as may be applicable; 
(f) 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver pursuant to, the terms of the 
Swap Agreement, the Swap Pledge Agreement, the Account Control Agreement, the Conditions of each 
Series of ETP Securities, the Trust Deed of any Series of ETP Securities, the Security Deed or any other 
Transaction Document relating to any Series of ETP Securities (other than as contemplated by the 
Conditions and the relevant Transaction Documents relating to any such Series of ETP Securities);

--- Page 492 ---
492 
(g) 
consolidate or merge with any other person or convey or transfer its properties or assets substantially as 
an entirety to any person (other than as contemplated by the Conditions of each Series of ETP 
Securities); 
(h) 
have any employees; 
(i) 
issue any shares (other than such shares in the capital of the Issuer as were issued at the time of its 
incorporation and which are held on charitable trust by the subscribers currently being TMF Ireland 
(Management) Limited) or make any distribution to its shareholders; 
(j) 
open or have any interest in any account with a bank or financial institution unless such account (i) relates 
to a Series of ETP Securities, the Swap Agreement, the Swap Pledge Agreement, the Account Control 
Agreement or any Secured Property or any party thereto and the Issuer’s interest in such account is 
simultaneously charged in favour of the Security Trustee so as to form part of the Secured Property or 
(ii) is opened in connection with the administration and management of the Issuer and only moneys 
necessary for that purpose are credited to it; 
(k) 
declare any dividends; 
(l) 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property (including office premises or like facilities); 
(m) 
guarantee, act as surety for or become obligated for the debts of any other entity or person or enter into 
any agreement with any other entity or person whereby it agrees to satisfy the obligations of such entity 
or person or any other entity or person; 
(n) 
acquire any securities or shareholdings whatsoever from its shareholders or enter into any agreements 
whereby it would be acquiring the obligations and/or liabilities of its shareholders; 
(o) 
except as contemplated by any relevant Transaction Document and/or the Conditions relating to each 
Series of ETP Securities, advance or lend any of its moneys or assets, including, but not limited to, the 
rights, property or other assets comprising the Secured Property, to any other entity or person;  
(p) 
subject as provided in (a) above, incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys, other than (subject 
to Conditions 6 (Security) and 18 (Further Issues of ETP Securities) of each Series of ETP Securities) 
issuing further ETP Securities under the Programme (which may or may not form a single series with the 
ETP Securities of any Series of ETP Securities and may or may not be guaranteed by a third party) and 
creating or incurring further obligations relating to such ETP Securities, provided that: 
(i) 
such further ETP Securities and obligations are secured on assets of the Issuer other than the 
Issuer’s share capital; 
(ii) 
such further ETP Securities and obligations are secured pari passu upon the Secured Property 
(as such Secured Property may be increased in connection with the issue of such further 
securities), all in accordance with Condition 18 (Further Issues of ETP Securities) of each Series 
of ETP Securities; and 
(iii) 
the Swap Counterparty agrees to increase the economic exposure under the Swap Transaction 
relating to the Series of ETP Securities with which such ETP Securities are to form a single series 
by a pro rata amount in connection with such issue of further ETP Securities, 
provided that the Issuer shall not take any action (even where the prior written consent of the 
Security Trustee is obtained) if such action is, in the opinion of the Issuer, inconsistent with the 
objects of the Issuer as specified in its Memorandum and Articles of Association.

--- Page 493 ---
493 
8 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer as provided below, each 
ETP Security shall become due and payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date at its Final Redemption 
Amount.  
If the Swap Transaction is scheduled to terminate on the same date as the Scheduled Maturity Date (or 
the term of the Swap Transaction has been extended as described in Condition 11(c) (Term of the Swap 
Transaction) so that the scheduled termination date of the Swap Transaction is the same date as the 
Scheduled Maturity Date), the Issuer will be scheduled to receive from the Swap Counterparty under the 
Swap Agreement an amount equal to the Swap Value (as determined in accordance with Part 5(ff) 
(Determination of Swap Value in respect of each Transaction) of the schedule to the Swap Agreement) 
as at the Final Redemption Valuation Date (which should equal the Value per ETP Security multiplied by 
the number of ETP Securities outstanding as at the Final Redemption Valuation Date) (the “Final Swap 
Payment Amount”). The Value per ETP Security in respect of the Final Redemption Valuation Date may 
be lower than the Minimum Redemption Amount, in which case, for the avoidance of doubt, the Final 
Redemption Amount will be equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount.  
(b) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Early Redemption Date and Early Redemption Amount 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event, each ETP Security shall become due 
and payable on the related Early Redemption Date at its Early Redemption Amount.  
The Issuer will be scheduled to receive from the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement 
an amount equal to the Swap Value (as determined in accordance with Part 5(ff) (Determination 
of Swap Value in respect of each Transaction) of the schedule to the Swap Agreement) as at the 
Early Redemption Valuation Date (which should equal the Value per ETP Security multiplied by 
the number of ETP Securities outstanding as at the Early Redemption Valuation Date). The Value 
per ETP Security in respect of the Early Redemption Valuation Date may be lower than the 
Minimum Redemption Amount, in which case, for the avoidance of doubt, the Early Redemption 
Amount will be equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount.  
The Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders of the Early Redemption Valuation Date, the 
Early Redemption Date and the Early Redemption Amount as soon as reasonably practicable in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). 
(ii) 
Conversion of amounts received under the Swap Agreement to determine Early 
Redemption Amount   
Where the Swap Agreement has been terminated in whole and the Swap Counterparty has paid 
to the Issuer a single Early Termination Amount (such amount being denominated in EUR and as 
defined in the Swap Agreement) relating to all Swap Transactions entered into thereunder in 
connection with all outstanding Series of ETP Securities, if the Specified Currency for this Series 
of ETP Securities is not EUR, then the Issuer shall convert (or procure the conversion of) such 
Series of ETP Securities’ pro rata share of such Early Termination Amount into the Specified 
Currency (in order to enable it to make payment of each Early Redemption Amount in the Specified 
Currency). 
(iii) 
Multiple Early Redemption Events 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Conditions or any Transaction Document, if at any 
time following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event (the “Initial Early Redemption

--- Page 494 ---
494 
Event”) an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to an Early 
Redemption Event occurs (the “Secondary Early Redemption Event”) in respect of which the 
Early Redemption Valuation Date relating thereto occurs (or would occur) prior to the date that 
would have been the Early Redemption Valuation Date in respect of the Initial Early Redemption 
Event, the Secondary Early Redemption Event shall prevail and all references to the “Early 
Redemption Event” in the Conditions and the Transaction Documents shall be construed 
accordingly. 
(c) 
Issuer Call Redemption Event 
The Issuer may, on giving an irrevocable notice to the Swap Counterparty and the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), elect to redeem all the ETP Securities of this Series and 
designate an Early Redemption Valuation Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as 
the Early Redemption Valuation Date shall not be earlier than the 60th calendar day following the date 
of the relevant notice (such notice an “Issuer Call Redemption Notice”). The Issuer shall give a copy of 
the Issuer Call Redemption Notice to each of the Transaction Parties on the same date as such notice is 
given to the Swap Counterparty and the Securityholders. If the Issuer effectively gives an Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such notice without further 
investigation or enquiry and without liability to any person in respect of such reliance. 
(d) 
Early Redemption Events 
An “Early Redemption Event” shall occur in accordance with the following Conditions 8(d)(i) (Issuer 
Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event) to 8(d)(xii) (Security Enforcement Redemption Event) 
on the dates specified therein: 
(i) 
Issuer Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event 
On or after the Series Issue Date, if, due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, 
regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure (including, without limitation, any tax law and any 
regulation, rule, order, ruling or procedure of any applicable regulatory authority, tax authority 
and/or any exchange) or due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority): 
(A) 
it has (or reasonably expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer to (x) hold, acquire or 
dispose of all of the types of Eligible Collateral, and/or (y) perform its obligations under the 
ETP Securities and/or the Swap Agreement and/or the Account Control Agreement and/or 
the Swap Pledge Agreement; or 
(B) 
the Issuer would (or would expect to) incur a materially increased cost in performing its 
obligations under the ETP Securities and/or the Swap Agreement and/or the Account 
Control Agreement and/or the Swap Pledge Agreement (including, without limitation, any 
increase in any applicable Taxes, any decrease in any applicable tax benefit and/or any 
other costs or liability to Tax of the Issuer relating to any change in any applicable tax law 
or regulation but excluding any materially increased cost incurred or expected to be 
incurred in connection with Section 871(m)), 
the Issuer may give the Trustee, the Authorised Participants, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
Swap Counterparty and the Securityholders notice in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) that 
all the ETP Securities of this Series are to be redeemed and designate in such notice an Early 
Redemption Valuation Date for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date shall not be earlier than the 7th calendar day following the date of the 
relevant notice (such notice a “Change of Law Redemption Notice”). If the Issuer effectively 
gives a Change of Law Redemption Notice to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on

--- Page 495 ---
495 
such notice without further investigation or enquiry and without liability to any person in respect of 
such reliance. 
For the purposes of Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption), an Early Redemption Event in the form of 
an “Issuer Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event” will occur on the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date designated in the Change of Law Redemption Notice (or if such day 
is not a Relevant Business Day, on the first following Relevant Business Day). 
(ii) 
Index Cancellation Redemption Event  
If the Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index and the Swap Calculation Agent determines 
in accordance with Part 5(kk)(ii) (Successor Index and Index Sponsor) of the schedule to the Swap 
Agreement that no Successor Index exists as of a Scheduled Valuation Day, the Swap Calculation 
Agent shall, on the immediately following London and Paris Business Day and in accordance with 
Part 5(kk) (Successor Index and Index Sponsor), notify the Issuer of such determination (such 
notice shall be copied to each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s))) (such 
notice an “Index Cancellation No Successor Notice”). If the Swap Calculation Agent effectively 
gives an Index Cancellation No Successor Notice to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be entitled to 
rely on such notice without further investigation or enquiry and without liability to any person in 
respect of such reliance. The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of an 
Index Cancellation No Successor Notice from the Swap Calculation Agent, notify the Authorised 
Participant(s) and the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) of the same.  
For the purposes of Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption), an Early Redemption Event in the form of 
an “Index Cancellation Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Relevant Business Day 
following the date of the Index Cancellation No Successor Notice. 
(iii) 
Scheduled Swap Redemption Event  
If the Swap Transaction is scheduled to terminate in accordance with the terms of the Swap 
Agreement on a day falling prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date and the Swap Counterparty has 
elected not to extend the term of the Swap Agreement as described in Condition 11(c) (Term of 
the Swap Transaction) and pursuant to Part 5(ll) (Extension to the term of a Transaction) of the 
schedule to the Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty shall give the Issuer not less than 180 
calendar days’ prior notice (copied to the Trustee, each Authorised Participant and the Issuing 
and Paying Agent) of such election. If the Swap Counterparty effectively gives a valid notice of 
such election to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such notice without further 
investigation or enquiry and without liability to any person in respect of such reliance. The Issuer 
shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of such notice from the Swap Counterparty, 
notify the Securityholders of the Swap Counterparty’s election in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices).  
For the purposes of Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption), an Early Redemption Event in the form of 
a “Scheduled Swap Redemption Event” will occur on the scheduled termination date of the 
Swap Transaction.  
(iv) 
Swap Agreement Redemption Event  
If a date occurs or is designated by the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty, as applicable (or deemed 
to have occurred or been designated automatically in accordance with the terms of the Swap 
Agreement), on which the Swap Agreement or the Swap Transaction thereunder is to terminate 
in whole prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (the date of termination being the “Swap Early 
Termination Date”) for any reason other than the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event:

--- Page 496 ---
496 
(A) 
the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable give notice to the Swap Counterparty 
(copied to each Transaction Party) and to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 
20 (Notices) (I) if it designates a Swap Early Termination Date under the Swap Agreement 
or (II) if a Swap Early Termination Date is automatically designated under the Swap 
Agreement; or  
(B) 
the Swap Counterparty shall as soon as reasonably practicable give notice to the Issuer 
(copied to each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s))) if it designates 
a Swap Early Termination Date under the Swap Agreement and the Issuer shall, as soon 
as reasonably practicable after receipt of such notice, give notice thereof to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) and to the Authorised 
Participant(s). 
If the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty, as applicable, effectively gives a valid notice designating 
a Swap Early Termination Date made under the Swap Agreement to the Trustee, the Trustee shall 
be entitled to rely on such notice without further investigation or enquiry and without liability to any 
person in respect of such reliance. For the purposes of Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption), an 
Early Redemption Event in the form of a “Swap Agreement Redemption Event” will occur on the 
Swap Early Termination Date (or if such day is not a Relevant Business Day, on the first following 
Relevant Business Day).  
(v) 
Agent Redemption Event  
If:  
(A) 
any of the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Swap Collateral Custodian and/or all of the 
Authorised Participants in relation to the ETP Securities resign or their appointment in 
relation to this Series of ETP Securities is terminated for any reason; and  
(B) 
no successor or replacement has been appointed within 60 (or in the case of the Swap 
Collateral Custodian, 90) calendar days of the date of notice of resignation or termination 
or the date the appointment was automatically terminated in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement, the Account Control Agreement or the Authorised Participant Agreement, as 
applicable,  
the Issuer shall give notice (an “Agent Redemption Event Notice”) of the same to the other 
Transaction Parties and the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). If the 
Issuer effectively gives an Agent Redemption Event Notice to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be 
entitled to rely on such notice without further investigation or enquiry and without liability to any 
person in respect of such reliance.   
For the purposes of Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption), an Early Redemption Event in the form of 
an “Agent Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Relevant Business Day after the date of 
the Agent Redemption Event Notice. 
(vi) 
Publication Failure Redemption Event 
If the Value per ETP Security has not been published by (or on behalf of) the Issuer in respect of 
14 consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days (a “Publication Failure Event”) and the Trustee is 
notified in writing of such Publication Failure Event and directed in writing by holders of at least 
one-fifth in number of the ETP Securities then outstanding to give a notice under this Condition 
8(d)(vi) (Publication Failure Redemption Event) to the Issuer, the Trustee shall, provided that the 
Trustee has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction, give such 
notice (a “Publication Event Redemption Notice”) to the Issuer, who shall in turn give notice of 
the same to each of the Transaction Parties. Any such notice and direction given to the Trustee

--- Page 497 ---
497 
pursuant to this Condition 8(d)(vi) (Publication Failure Redemption Event) by Securityholders must 
be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement which is available from the Issuing 
and Paying Agent and/or any Paying Agent. 
The Trustee shall not be responsible for or be liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder or any 
Transaction Party for investigating, verifying, determining or monitoring whether a Publication 
Failure Event has occurred or exists and, unless and until the Trustee receives notice from the 
requisite number of Securityholders and is directed as aforementioned, the Trustee shall be 
entitled to assume that no such event has occurred. 
For the purposes of Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption), an Early Redemption Event in the form of 
a “Publication Failure Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Relevant Business Day 
following the date of the Publication Event Redemption Notice.  
(vii) 
Value per ETP Security Threshold Redemption Event  
If the Value per ETP Security on five consecutive Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Days is less 
than or equal to 200 per cent. of the Minimum Redemption Amount, the Issuer shall notify (a 
“Value per ETP Security Threshold Level Notice”) the Trustee (copied to each of the 
Transaction Parties), the Authorised Participant(s) and the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) of such occurrence. If the Issuer effectively gives a Value per ETP Security 
Threshold Level Notice to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such notice without 
further investigation or enquiry and without liability to any person in respect of such reliance. 
For the purposes of Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption), an Early Redemption Event in the form of 
a “Value per ETP Security Threshold Redemption Event” will occur on the Relevant Business 
Day immediately following the date of the Value per ETP Security Threshold Level Notice.  
(viii) 
Issuer Call Redemption Event 
Following a valid exercise of the call option by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 8(c) (Issuer 
Call Redemption Event), for the purposes of Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption), an Early 
Redemption Event in the form of an “Issuer Call Redemption Event” will occur on the Early 
Redemption Valuation Date designated in the Issuer Call Redemption Notice (or if such day is not 
a Relevant Business Day on the first following Relevant Business Day). 
(ix) 
AP Redemption Event  
If a Securityholder requests a firm bid price from one or more Authorised Participants for its ETP 
Securities on each of five consecutive Relevant Business Days and no Authorised Participant 
provides the Securityholder with a firm bid price for such ETP Securities (a “Bid Price Request 
Event”), the Securityholder may deliver a notice in writing to the Issuer and each Authorised 
Participant notifying them of the occurrence of such Bid Price Request Event (a “Bid Price 
Request Notice”).  
If the Securityholder delivers a Bid Price Request Notice to such persons and none of the 
Authorised Participants provides a firm bid price to the relevant Securityholder on any of the 20 
consecutive Relevant Business Days from (and including) the date of the relevant Bid Price 
Request Notice (such 20th Relevant Business Day, the “Bid Price Request Period End Date”), 
an “AP Bid Price Event” shall be deemed to have occurred on such Bid Price Request Period 
End Date and such Securityholder may give notice thereof to the Issuer.  
Upon receipt of any such notice by the Issuer, and provided that any such notice is accompanied 
by evidence to the satisfaction of the Issuer that an AP Bid Price Event has so occurred, the Issuer 
shall, once satisfied of the occurrence of such AP Bid Price Event (for which purposes the Issuer 
may consult with the Authorised Participants), give notice to the Transaction Parties and the

--- Page 498 ---
498 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) that the ETP Securities are to be 
redeemed in full prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date (an “AP Redemption Event Notice”). If 
the Issuer effectively gives an AP Redemption Event Notice to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be 
entitled to rely on such notice without further investigation or enquiry and without liability to any 
person in respect of such reliance.  
For the purposes of Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption), an Early Redemption Event in the form of 
an “AP Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Relevant Business Day following the date of 
such AP Redemption Event Notice.  
(x) 
Swap Counterparty Default Redemption Event 
If a Swap Counterparty Event of Default occurs and is continuing, and the Trustee is notified in 
writing of such Swap Counterparty Event of Default and directed in writing by holders of at least 
one-fifth in number of the ETP Securities then outstanding to give a notice under this Condition 
8(d)(x) (Swap Counterparty Default Redemption Event), the Trustee shall, provided that the 
Trustee has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction, give such 
notice (a “Swap Counterparty Default Redemption Notice”) to the Issuer, who shall in turn give 
notice of the same to each of the Transaction Parties. Any direction given to the Trustee pursuant 
to this Condition 8(d)(x) (Swap Counterparty Default Redemption Event) by Securityholders must 
be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement which is available from the Issuing 
and Paying Agent and/or any Paying Agent.  
The Trustee shall not be responsible for or liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder or any 
Transaction Party for investigating, verifying, determining or monitoring whether a Swap 
Counterparty Event of Default has occurred or exists and, unless and until the Trustee receives 
notice from the requisite number of Securityholders and is directed as aforementioned, the Trustee 
shall be entitled to assume that no such event has occurred. 
For the purposes of Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption) an Early Redemption Event in the form of 
a “Swap Counterparty Default Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Relevant Business 
Day following the date of the Swap Counterparty Default Redemption Notice.  
(xi) 
Swap Tax Event Redemption Event 
If the Issuer becomes entitled to designate a Swap Early Termination Date following a Swap 
Agreement Tax Event, and the Trustee is notified in writing of such entitlement and directed in 
writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETP Securities then outstanding to give a 
notice under this Condition 8(d)(xi) (Swap Tax Event Redemption Event), the Trustee shall, 
provided that the Trustee has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction, give such notice (a “Swap Tax Event Redemption Notice”) to the Issuer, who shall 
in turn give notice of the same to each of the Transaction Parties. Any direction given to the 
Trustee pursuant to this Condition 8(d)(xi) (Swap Tax Event Redemption Event) by 
Securityholders must be substantially in the form set out in the Agency Agreement which is 
available from the Issuing and Paying Agent and/or any Paying Agent. 
The Trustee shall not be responsible for or liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder or any 
Transaction Party for investigating, verifying, determining or monitoring whether a Swap 
Agreement Tax Event has occurred or exists and, unless and until the Trustee receives notice 
from Securityholders and is directed as aforementioned, the Trustee shall be entitled to assume 
that no such event has occurred. 
For the purposes of Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption), an Early Redemption Event in the form of 
a “Swap Tax Event Redemption Event” will occur on the fourth Relevant Business Day after the 
date of the Swap Tax Event Redemption Notice.

--- Page 499 ---
499 
(xii) 
Security Enforcement Redemption Event 
If the Security over the Secured Property becomes enforceable pursuant to the Security Deed, 
the Issuer shall notify (a “Security Enforcement Redemption Notice”) the Trustee (copied to 
each of the Transaction Parties), the Authorised Participant(s) and the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) of such occurrence. If the Issuer effectively gives a 
Security Enforcement Redemption Notice to the Trustee, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on 
such notice without further investigation or enquiry and without liability to any person in respect of 
such reliance. 
For the purposes of Condition 8(b) (Early Redemption), an Early Redemption Event in the form of 
a “Security Enforcement Redemption Event” will occur on the Relevant Business Day 
immediately following the date of the Security Enforcement Redemption Notice. 
(e) 
Purchase of ETP Securities 
(i) 
Procedure for Requesting a Purchase 
The Issuer may (without the consent of the Trustee or any Securityholder), from time to time, 
purchase all or some of the ETP Securities from Authorised Participants at each ETP Security’s 
Purchase Settlement Amount.  
In accordance with clause 4.1 (Request for Issuer to Purchase ETP Securities) of the Authorised 
Participant Agreement, only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer purchase ETP 
Securities by delivering a Purchase Order to the Issuer (copied to the Swap Counterparty). A Valid 
Purchase Order Confirmation will only be delivered by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to the relevant 
Authorised Participant and the Swap Counterparty if it has determined (or has had determined on 
its behalf) that all conditions to a valid Purchase Order, as set out in clause 4.2 (Validity of 
Purchase Orders) of the Authorised Participant Agreement, have been satisfied. The Issuer shall 
have no obligation to purchase ETP Securities and no obligation to accept any Purchase Orders 
or deliver (or have delivered on its behalf) any Valid Purchase Order Confirmations from (but 
excluding) the 15th Relevant Business Day preceding the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
(ii) 
Suspension of Purchases 
(A) 
Suspension Threshold Trigger 
Subject to Conditions 8(e)(ii)(B) (Early Redemption Events) and (C) (Issuing and Paying 
Agent Bankruptcy Event) below, if on any Scheduled Valuation Day (a “Suspension 
Threshold Trigger Date”) the Value per ETP Security falls to less than 1000 per cent. of 
the Minimum Redemption Amount, the Issuer: 
(I) 
shall give notice convening a meeting of the Securityholders on a date not more than 
30 calendar days after the Suspension Threshold Trigger Date for the purpose of 
considering an Extraordinary Resolution which would have the effect of reducing the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to an amount which is not less than 2 per cent. of the 
Value per ETP Security as at the Suspension Threshold Trigger Date; and  
(II) 
may, at any time after the Suspension Threshold Trigger Date and in accordance 
with clause 4.7 (Purchase Suspension Event) of the Authorised Participant 
Agreement, for so long as the Value per ETP Security continues to be less than 1000 
per cent. of the Minimum Redemption Amount, suspend the Authorised Participants’ 
right to deliver a Purchase Order in accordance with clause 4.1 (Request for Issuer 
to Purchase ETP Securities) of the Authorised Participant Agreement other than on 
the basis of an Agreed Pricing Purchase Settlement Amount by giving notice to that 
effect to the Issuing and Paying Agent, each Authorised Participant and the Swap

--- Page 500 ---
500 
Counterparty (a “Purchase Suspension Event”). If the Issuer elects to so suspend 
such right, then no Authorised Participant may submit a Purchase Order to the Issuer 
on the basis of an Index Pricing Purchase Settlement Amount with effect from the 
date of suspension specified in the relevant notice of suspension until (X) the Value 
per ETP Security ceases to be less than 1000 per cent. of the Minimum Redemption 
Amount or (Y) the Issuer notifies the Issuing and Paying Agent, each Authorised 
Participant and the Swap Counterparty in accordance with clause 4.7 (Purchase 
Suspension Event) of the Authorised Participant Agreement of the cessation of such 
suspension. 
(B) 
Early Redemption Events 
In accordance with clause 4.2 (Validity of Purchase Orders) of the Authorised Participant 
Agreement, if:  
(I) 
an Issuer Call Redemption Notice is delivered, the last day on which the Issuer is 
required to accept a Purchase Order and deliver (or have delivered on its behalf) a 
Valid Purchase Order Confirmation shall be the 4th Relevant Business Day 
preceding the related Early Redemption Valuation Date designated in such notice;  
(II) 
a Change of Law Redemption Notice is delivered by the Issuer, the last day on which 
the Issuer is required to accept a Purchase Order and deliver (or have delivered on 
its behalf) a Valid Purchase Order Confirmation shall be the 4th Relevant Business 
Day preceding the related Early Redemption Valuation Date designated in such 
notice;  
(III) 
the Swap Counterparty elects for the Swap Transaction to terminate on the last day 
of its scheduled term and such date falls before the Scheduled Maturity Date, the 
last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a Purchase Order and deliver (or 
have delivered on its behalf) a Valid Purchase Order Confirmation shall be the 7th 
Relevant Business Day preceding the scheduled termination date of the Swap 
Transaction;  
(IV) 
a Swap Early Termination Date is designated or occurs under the Swap Agreement 
for any reason other than the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event, a Party A 
Optional Termination Event or a Party B Optional Termination Event, the last day on 
which the Issuer is required to accept a Purchase Order and deliver (or have 
delivered on its behalf) a Valid Purchase Order Confirmation shall be the earlier of 
(X) the date of the notice (if any) designating the Swap Early Termination Date or 
(Y) the Swap Early Termination Date, as applicable; 
(V) a Swap Early Termination Date is designated or occurs under the Swap Agreement 
in connection with the occurrence of a Party A Optional Termination Event or Party 
B Optional Termination Event, the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept 
a Purchase Order and deliver (or have delivered on its behalf) a Valid Purchase 
Order Confirmation shall be the 4th Relevant Business Day preceding such Swap 
Early Termination Date; and 
(VI) 
an Index Cancellation No Successor Notice, an Agent Redemption Event Notice, a 
Publication Event Redemption Notice, a Value per ETP Security Threshold Level 
Notice, an AP Redemption Event Notice, a Swap Counterparty Default Redemption 
Notice, a Swap Tax Event Redemption Notice or a Security Enforcement 
Redemption Notice is delivered, the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept

--- Page 501 ---
501 
a Purchase Order and deliver (or have delivered on its behalf) a Valid Purchase 
Order Confirmation shall be the date of such notice.  
(C) 
Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event 
In accordance with clause 4.8 (Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event) of the 
Authorised Participant Agreement, if an Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event 
occurs, the Issuer will not be obliged to accept any further Purchase Orders or deliver (or 
have delivered on its behalf) any Valid Purchase Order Confirmations until (I) such time as 
a replacement Issuing and Paying Agent is appointed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement or (II) the Issuer is procuring determination of the requisite determinations and 
calculations of the Issuing and Paying Agent pursuant to Condition 12(d)(ii) (Calculations 
and Determinations). 
(D) 
No Closing Index Level published 
In accordance with clause 4.2 (Validity of Purchase Orders) of the Authorised Participant 
Agreement, the Issuer will not be obliged to deliver (or have delivered on its behalf) a Valid 
Purchase Order Confirmation in respect of a Purchase Order delivered on any Relevant 
Business Day if no Closing Index Level has been published by the Issuer on the Website 
on such Relevant Business Day in respect of the preceding Scheduled Valuation Day.  
(iii) 
Cancellation of purchases prior to Purchase Settlement Date 
(A) 
Prolonged Settlement Delay 
Provided that the purchase confirmed by a Valid Purchase Order Confirmation has not been 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 8(e)(iii)(B) (Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event) or 
Condition 8(e)(iii)(C) (Early Redemption Event or Final Redemption Valuation Date), where 
the related Purchase Settlement Date has not occurred by close of business on the third 
London and Paris Business Day following the Scheduled Purchase Settlement Date (the 
“Purchase Settlement Backstop Date”), such Valid Purchase Order Confirmation 
(including the purchase confirmed by such Valid Purchase Order Confirmation) and the 
related Purchase Order shall each be automatically cancelled and deemed void with effect 
from such Purchase Settlement Backstop Date. 
Following notification of a settlement failure in accordance with clause 4.6 (Notification of 
Purchase Settlement Failure) of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, the 
relevant Authorised Participant and the Swap Counterparty may agree to adjust the 
Purchase Settlement Backstop Date (any date so agreed, the “Adjusted Purchase 
Settlement Backstop Date”). If an Adjusted Purchase Settlement Backstop Date is 
agreed, the Swap Counterparty shall notify the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent of 
such date and the Valid Purchase Order Confirmation (including the purchase confirmed 
by such Valid Purchase Order Confirmation) and the related Purchase Order shall not be 
automatically cancelled and deemed void with effect from the Purchase Settlement 
Backstop Date, but rather from such Adjusted Purchase Settlement Backstop Date. Any 
adjustment to the Purchase Settlement Backstop Date shall not affect the operation of 
Condition 8(e)(iii)(B) (Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event) or 8(e)(iii)(C) (Early 
Redemption Event or Final Redemption Valuation Date) with respect to a cancellation prior 
to the Adjusted Purchase Settlement Backstop Date of the Valid Purchase Order 
Confirmation (including the purchase confirmed by such Valid Purchase Order 
Confirmation) and related Purchase Order. 
(B) 
Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event

--- Page 502 ---
502 
Provided that the purchase confirmed by a Valid Purchase Order Confirmation has not been 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 8(e)(iii)(A) (Prolonged Settlement Delay) or Condition 
8(e)(iii)(C) (Early Redemption Event or Final Redemption Valuation Date), where the 
related Purchase Settlement Date has not occurred and a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy 
Event occurs, such Valid Purchase Order Confirmation (including the purchase confirmed 
by such Valid Purchase Order Confirmation) and the related Purchase Order shall each be 
automatically cancelled and deemed void with effect from the date of the occurrence of 
such Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event. 
(C) 
Early Redemption Event, Event of Default or Final Redemption Valuation Date 
Provided that the purchase confirmed by a Valid Purchase Order Confirmation has not been 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 8(e)(iii)(A) (Prolonged Settlement Delay) or Condition 
8(e)(iii)(B) (Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), where the related Purchase Settlement 
Date has not occurred and an Early Redemption Event, Event of Default or the Final 
Redemption Valuation Date occurs, such Valid Purchase Order Confirmation (including the 
purchase confirmed by such Valid Purchase Order Confirmation) and the related Purchase 
Order shall each be automatically cancelled and deemed void with effect from the relevant 
Early Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable. 
(D) 
Return of amounts to Swap Counterparty 
Following the cancellation of a Valid Purchase Order Confirmation (including the purchase 
confirmed by such Valid Purchase Order Confirmation) and the related Purchase Order in 
accordance with this Condition 8(e)(iii), the Issuer shall return in full any amounts received 
from the Swap Counterparty in connection with such Valid Purchase Order Confirmation in 
accordance with Part 5(jj) (Return of Partial Early Termination Amount following a Purchase 
Cancellation Date) of the schedule to the Swap Agreement. 
(iv) 
Purchase and Cancellation 
ETP Securities purchased by the Issuer from an Authorised Participant will be purchased on such 
terms (including, but not limited to, the Purchase Settlement Amount) as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the Authorised Participant on a delivery versus payment basis. Settlement of any 
purchase by the Issuer of ETP Securities confirmed by a Valid Purchase Order Confirmation may 
only occur in full and shall not, in any circumstances, be partially settled. 
All ETP Securities purchased by (or on behalf of) the Issuer shall be surrendered for cancellation 
by surrendering each such ETP Security to or to the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent and 
shall, together with all ETP Securities redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled forthwith. Any ETP 
Securities so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect 
of any such ETP Securities shall be discharged. In accordance with the Security Deed, the 
Security Trustee will and will be deemed to release without the need for any notice or other 
formalities from such Security the relevant portion of the Secured Property relating to the ETP 
Securities so purchased and cancelled. 
Where the ETP Securities are represented by a Global Security, cancellation of any ETP Security 
represented by such Global Security that is required by these Conditions to be cancelled (other 
than upon its redemption) will be effected by a reduction in the number of ETP Securities 
represented by such Global Security representing such ETP Security on its presentation to or to 
the order of the Issuing and Paying Agent for endorsement, whereupon the number of ETP 
Securities represented by such Global Security will be reduced for all purposes by the number of 
ETP Securities so cancelled and endorsed.

--- Page 503 ---
503 
9 
Disruption Events, Adjustments and Postponement 
(a) 
Disruption Events 
Pursuant to Part 5(gg) (Disruption Event and Determination of Closing Index Level) of the schedule to 
the Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty may (but is not obliged to), with respect to any Scheduled 
Valuation Day, determine that one or more of the following events has occurred or is continuing in respect 
of the Swap Transaction (each such event a “Disruption Event”): 
(i) 
Index Disruption 
The Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce the Closing Index Level of the Index. 
(ii) 
Index Cancellation  
The Index Sponsor permanently cancels the Index. 
(iii) 
Trading Disruption  
Any material (as determined by the Swap Counterparty) suspension of or limitation imposed by 
relevant exchanges or quotation systems or otherwise on trading (A) relating to securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index or (B) in futures or options contracts relating 
to the Index, in each case whether by reason of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by 
such relevant exchanges or quotation systems or otherwise.  
(iv) 
Exchange Disruption  
Any event (other than an “Early Closure” pursuant to Condition 9(a)(v) (Early Closure) below) that 
materially disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Swap Counterparty) the ability of market 
participants in general (A) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, securities that 
comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index on relevant exchanges or quotation systems 
or (B) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating to 
the Index on any relevant exchange or quotation system. 
(v) 
Early Closure  
On a day that is an Exchange Business Day for relevant exchanges or quotation systems relating 
to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the Index, the closure of such 
relevant exchanges or quotation systems prior to its scheduled closing time unless such earlier 
closing time is announced by such exchanges or quotation systems at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (A) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such exchanges or quotation 
systems on such Exchange Business Day and (B) the submission deadline for orders to be 
entered into such exchanges or quotation systems for execution on such Exchange Business Day. 
(vi) 
Failure to Open  
Any relevant exchange or quotation system fails to open for trading on an Exchange Scheduled 
Trading Day. 
(b) 
Disruption Event and Determination of Closing Index Level 
In respect of each Disrupted Day: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of the related Disruption Event 
Notice, give notice of the occurrence of such Disruption Event to the Authorised Participant(s); 
(ii) 
other than where Condition 9(b)(iii) or (iv) (Disruption Event and Determination of Closing Index 
Level) applies, the determination and publication of the Value per ETP Security in respect of such

--- Page 504 ---
504 
Disrupted Day will be postponed in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Postponement of 
Determination and Publication of Value per ETP Security); 
(iii) 
the Swap Calculation Agent may (but is not obliged to) determine and notify the Closing Index 
Level to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty on or prior to 07:45 on the London and Paris 
Business Day immediately following such Disrupted Day in accordance with Part 5(gg)(iii) 
(Disruption Event and Determination of Closing Index Level) of the schedule to the Swap 
Agreement. If:  
(A) 
the Swap Calculation Agent determines and notifies the Closing Index Level to the Issuer 
and the Swap Counterparty in respect of such Disrupted Day; or  
(B) 
a Swap Counterparty Event of Default has occurred (in which case no Closing Index Level 
shall be determined or notified in respect of such Disrupted Day and the Value per ETP 
Security shall be determined in accordance with paragraph (c) of the Schedule (Value per 
ETP Security) hereto),  
in each case on or prior to 07:45 on the London and Paris Business Day immediately 
following such Disrupted Day, no postponement of the Issuer’s obligations in respect of 
such Disrupted Day under Condition 5 (Determination and Publication of Value per ETP 
Security) in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Postponement of Determination and 
Publication of Value per ETP Security) shall occur; 
(iv) 
if such Disrupted Day is also the Early Redemption Valuation Date, the Swap Calculation Agent 
must determine and notify the Closing Index Level for such Disrupted Day to the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty on or prior to 07:45 on the London and Paris Business Day immediately 
following such Disrupted Day in accordance with Part 5(gg)(iv) (Disruption Event and 
Determination of Closing Index Level) of the schedule to the Swap Agreement and no 
postponement of the Issuer’s obligations in respect of such Disrupted Day under Condition 5 
(Determination and Publication of Value per ETP Security) in accordance with Condition 9(c) 
(Postponement of Determination and Publication of Value per ETP Security) shall occur; 
(v) 
if neither Condition 9(b)(iii) nor 9(b)(iv) (Disruption Event and Determination of Closing Index 
Level) applies, the following provisions shall apply: 
(A) 
if a Swap Counterparty Event of Default has occurred prior to the Closing Index Level in 
respect of such Disrupted Day being determined and notified to the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty in accordance with Conditions 9(b)(v)(B) or (C) (Disruption Event and 
Determination of Closing Index Level), no Closing Index Level will be determined in respect 
of such Disrupted Day (for the purposes of this Condition 9(b)(v)(A) (Disruption Event and 
Determination of Closing Index Level), the “Original Disrupted Day”), the Value per ETP 
Security will be determined in accordance with paragraph (c) of the Schedule (Value per 
ETP Security) hereto and the Issuer’s obligations in respect of such Original Disrupted Day 
under Condition 5 (Determination and Publication of Value per ETP Security) will be 
postponed in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Postponement of Determination and 
Publication of Value per ETP Security);  
(B) 
if a Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Day occurs on or prior to the eighth Scheduled 
Valuation Day immediately following such Disrupted Day (the “Disruption Backstop 
Date”) and the Swap Calculation Agent has not determined and notified the Closing Index 
Level for such Disrupted Day (for the purposes of this Condition 9(b)(v)(B) (Disruption Event 
and Determination of Closing Index Level), the “Original Disrupted Day”) to the Issuer and 
the Swap Counterparty by 07:30 London time on the London and Paris Business Day 
immediately following such Non-Disrupted Scheduled Valuation Day, the Closing Index

--- Page 505 ---
505 
Level for such Original Disrupted Day shall be deemed to be the official closing level of the 
Index published by the Index Sponsor in respect of such Original Disrupted Day (or if no 
official closing level was so published in respect of such Original Disrupted Day, the last 
official closing level of the Index published by the Index Sponsor in respect of a Scheduled 
Valuation Day preceding such Original Disrupted Day), which amount the Swap Calculation 
Agent shall notify to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty by no later than 07:45 London 
time on such London and Paris Business Day immediately following such Non-Disrupted 
Scheduled Valuation Day in accordance with the provisions of Part 5(gg)(v)(2) (Disruption 
Event and Determination of Closing Index Level) of the schedule to the Swap Agreement 
and the Issuer’s obligations in respect of such Original Disrupted Day under Condition 5 
(Determination and Publication of Value per ETP Security) will be postponed in accordance 
with Condition 9(c) (Postponement of Determination and Publication of Value per ETP 
Security); and 
(C) 
if each of the eight Scheduled Valuation Days immediately following such Disrupted Day 
(for the purposes of this Condition 9(b)(v)(C) (Disruption Event and Determination of 
Closing Index Level), the “Original Disrupted Day”) are also Disrupted Days and no 
Closing Index Level in respect of such Original Disrupted Day has been determined and 
notified by the Swap Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty by 07:45 
London time on the Disruption Backstop Date, the Swap Calculation Agent must determine 
and notify the Closing Index Level for such Original Disrupted Day to the Issuer and the 
Swap Counterparty by 07:45 London time on the London and Paris Business Day 
immediately following such Disruption Backstop Date in accordance with the provisions of 
Part 5(gg)(v)(3) (Disruption Event and Determination of Closing Index Level) of the 
schedule to the Swap Agreement and the Issuer’s obligations in respect of such Original 
Disrupted Day under Condition 5 (Determination and Publication of Value per ETP Security) 
will be postponed in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Postponement of Determination and 
Publication of Value per ETP Security); 
(vi) 
Conditions 9(b)(iii), (iv) and (v) (Disruption Event and Determination of Closing Index Level) shall 
not apply to such Disrupted Day if:  
(A) 
the immediately preceding Scheduled Valuation Day is also a Disrupted Day (the 
“Preceding Disrupted Day”); and 
(B) 
no Closing Index Level has been determined and notified in respect of the Preceding 
Disrupted Day to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty on or prior to 07:45 London time 
on the London and Paris Business Day immediately following such Disrupted Day; and 
(C) 
no Swap Counterparty Event of Default has occurred on or prior to 07:45 London time on 
the London and Paris Business Day immediately following such Disrupted Day.  
For the avoidance of doubt, such Disrupted Day will be a Postponed Determination Day and the 
Closing Index Level for such Postponed Determination Day shall be determined and notified in 
accordance with Condition 9(b)(vii) (Disruption Event and Determination of Closing Index Level); 
(vii) 
if:  
(A) 
 
(I) 
the notification of the Closing Index Level in respect of an Original Disrupted Day 
was made by the Swap Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty 
in accordance with Conditions 9(b)(v)(B) or (C) (Disruption Event and Determination 
of Closing Index Level); or

--- Page 506 ---
506 
(II) 
in the case of Condition 9(b)(v)(A) (Disruption Event and Determination of Closing 
Index Level), a Swap Counterparty Event of Default has occurred,  
in each case, on or prior to 07:45 on the relevant day of notification or occurrence and such 
day is a London and Paris Business Day, on such London Paris Business Day (or, if such 
day is not a London and Paris Business Day, on the immediately following London and 
Paris Business Day); or 
(B) 
 
(I) 
the notification of the Closing Index Level in respect of an Original Disrupted Day 
was made by the Swap Calculation Agent to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty 
in accordance with Conditions 9(b)(v)(B) or (C) (Disruption Event and Determination 
of Closing Index Level); or 
(II) 
in the case of Condition 9(b)(v)(A) (Disruption Event and Determination of Closing 
Index Level), a Swap Counterparty Event of Default has occurred, 
in each case, after 07:45 on the relevant day of notification or occurrence, on the 
immediately following London and Paris Business Day, 
(in each case, the “Disrupted Closing Index Level Determination Day”):  
(X) 
the Swap Calculation Agent shall: 
(I) 
determine the Closing Index Level for each Disrupted Day from, but excluding, the 
Original Disrupted Day to, but excluding, the Disrupted Closing Index Level 
Determination Day (each, a “Postponed Determination Day”) using the same 
methodology and in the same manner as that used in respect of the Original 
Disrupted Day; and 
(II) 
notify, where Conditions 9(b)(v)(B) or (C) (Disruption Event and Determination of 
Closing Index Level) applies in respect of such Original Disrupted Day only, such 
Closing Index Level(s) to the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty at the same time on 
such Disrupted Closing Index Level Determination Date as notification of the Closing 
Index Level for such Original Disrupted Day; and 
(Y) 
the Issuer shall publish (or procure to be published) such Closing Index Level(s) on the 
Website in accordance with Condition 5 (Determination and Publication of Value per ETP 
Security) and 9(c) (Postponement of Determination and Publication of Value per ETP 
Security); and 
(viii) 
for the avoidance of doubt but subject to Conditions 9(b)(iii)(B) and 9(b)(v)(A) (Disruption Event 
and Determination of Closing Index Level), the Closing Index Level(s) determined in accordance 
with this Condition 9(b) (Disruption Event and Determination of Closing Index Level) shall apply 
for the purposes of determining, for such Disrupted Day and each Postponed Determination Day, 
the Value per ETP Security for such day. 
(c) 
Postponement of Determination and Publication of Value per ETP Security 
In respect of each Disrupted Day, if Condition 9(b)(v) (Disruption Event and Determination of Closing 
Index Level) applies, determination and publication of the Value per ETP Security in respect of such 
Original Disrupted Day and each Postponed Determination Day related to such Original Disrupted Day 
shall be postponed until 10:00 London time on the Disrupted Closing Index Level Determination Day.

--- Page 507 ---
507 
(d) 
Postponement of Settlement of Further Issuances and Purchases 
Pursuant to the Authorised Participant Agreement, if, in respect of (i) a subscription confirmed by a Valid 
Creation Order Confirmation or (ii) a purchase confirmed by a Valid Purchase Order Confirmation, a 
Disruption Event Notice is validly delivered by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer in respect of the 
relevant Creation Trade Date or Purchase Trade Date, as applicable, in each case in accordance with 
Part 5(gg) (Disruption Event and Determination of Closing Index Level) of the schedule to the Swap 
Agreement, and the Value per ETP Security for such Creation Trade Date or Purchase Trade Date, as 
applicable, is not published by (or on behalf of) the Issuer on its Website on the London and Paris 
Business Day immediately following such Creation Trade Date or Purchase Trade Date, as applicable, 
the Scheduled Creation Settlement Date or Scheduled Purchase Settlement Date, as applicable, shall 
be postponed until the second London and Paris Business Day after the first Non-Disrupted Scheduled 
Valuation Day immediately following such Creation Trade Date or Purchase Trade Date, as applicable.  
(e) 
Adjustment Events 
(i) 
Under the terms of the Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty may (but is not obliged to), with 
respect to any Scheduled Valuation Day, determine that one or more of the following events has 
occurred or is continuing in respect of the Swap Transaction (each such event an “Adjustment 
Event”): 
(A) 
the Index Sponsor cancels the Index and a Successor Index is identified as described in 
Condition 10(a) (Successor Index); or 
(B) 
the Index Sponsor announces that it will make a material change in the formula for, or the 
method of, calculating such Index or in any other way materially modifies the Index (other 
than a modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain the Index in the event 
of changes in constituent securities and other routine events). 
(ii) 
If, in respect of a Scheduled Valuation Day, the Issuer has received an Adjustment Event Notice 
in respect of the Swap Transaction from the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Calculation Agent 
has, in respect of such Adjustment Event Notice, delivered an Adjustment Terms Notice to the 
Issuer specifying that an adjustment to the terms of the Swap Transaction, the Conditions and/or 
any other Transaction Document is required: 
(A) 
the Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of the Adjustment Terms 
Notice, give notice of the relevant adjustment(s) and the effective date thereof to the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) and to each Transaction Party; 
and 
(B) 
with effect from the effective date of any such adjustment, the Swap Transaction, the 
Conditions and/or the terms of any other Transaction Document that has been adjusted 
(including any determination and/or calculation that is required to be made hereunder or 
thereunder) shall be construed accordingly.  
(iii) 
Neither the consent of the Trustee nor the consent of the Securityholders will be required for any 
such adjustment to the Swap Transaction, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document, 
provided that no such adjustment may be made which would, in the Trustee’s opinion, impose 
more onerous obligations on the Trustee without its consent and provided further that such 
adjustment is not a matter within the proviso to paragraph 2 of schedule 3 to the Trust Deed 
requiring a special quorum resolution.

--- Page 508 ---
508 
10 Successor Index and Index Sponsor 
(a) 
Successor Index 
In accordance with Part 5(kk) (Successor Index and Index Sponsor) of the schedule to the Swap 
Agreement, with respect to the Swap Transaction, if the Issuer is notified by the Swap Calculation Agent 
of a Successor Index in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Day, then such Successor Index shall be 
deemed to be the Index for the purposes of the ETP Securities from, and including, the Scheduled 
Valuation Day immediately following such Scheduled Valuation Day. As soon as reasonably practicable 
following receipt of any such notice, the Issuer shall notify the Authorised Participant(s) of the same (or 
procure that they are so notified) and publish (or procure to be published) such information on the 
Website. 
(b) 
Successor Index Sponsor 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after being notified of the same by the Swap 
Calculation Agent in accordance with Part 5(kk) (Successor Index and Index Sponsor) of the schedule 
to the Swap Agreement, publish (or procured to be published) on the Website any change to the Index 
Sponsor determined by the Swap Calculation Agent. 
11 Swap Agreement, Swap Transaction, Account Control Agreement and Swap Pledge 
Agreement 
(a) 
Swap Agreement, Swap Transaction, Account Control Agreement and Swap Pledge Agreement 
In connection with the issue of ETP Securities under the Programme, the Issuer has entered into the 
Swap Agreement, the Account Control Agreement and the Swap Pledge Agreement with the Swap 
Counterparty and, in respect of the Account Control Agreement, with the Swap Collateral Custodian. In 
connection with the issue of any additional Tranche of ETP Securities issued after the Series Issue Date 
or the repurchase of any ETP Securities, the Issuer will, in accordance with the terms of the Swap 
Agreement, increase or decrease, as applicable, the economic exposure under the Swap Transaction by 
a pro rata amount. 
(b) 
Transfer of Swap Agreement and Swap Transactions, Account Control Agreement and/or Swap 
Pledge Agreement 
Following the occurrence of a tax event or tax event upon merger in respect of the Swap Agreement, as 
further described in Sections 5(b)(iii) and 5(b)(iv), respectively, of the Swap Agreement (as amended by 
the schedule to the Swap Agreement), pursuant to which a Swap Early Termination Date may occur or 
be designated by the affected party (being the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty) in accordance with the 
terms of the Swap Agreement, the Swap Counterparty may, in accordance with Part 5(j) (Termination on 
Tax Event) of the schedule to the Swap Agreement, transfer the Swap Agreement (including all Swap 
Transactions thereunder), the Account Control Agreement and/or the Swap Pledge Agreement to 
another of its offices or affiliates, provided that (i) the Swap Counterparty and such other office or affiliate 
enter into arrangements satisfactory to the Trustee in accordance with the Swap Agreement, the Account 
Control Agreement and/or the Swap Pledge Agreement and any other arrangements required by the 
Issuer (including, without limitation, the provision of such legal opinion as the Trustee may require), (ii) 
the Posted Collateral following such transfer continues to comprise of Eligible Collateral, (iii) following 
such transfer the Swap Agreement, the Account Control Agreement and/or the Swap Pledge Agreement, 
as applicable, are subject to the Security on the same terms mutatis mutandis as prior to such transfer 
and shall form part of the Secured Property, as applicable and (iv) not less than 60 calendar days’ prior 
notice of any such transfer is given to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). The 
Security to the extent that it relates to the Swap Agreement, the Account Control Agreement and/or the 
Swap Pledge Agreement, as applicable, shall be released in connection with any such transfer.

--- Page 509 ---
509 
(c) 
Term of the Swap Transaction 
Where the Initial Swap Term ends prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date, no later than 180 calendar days 
prior to the last day of the Initial Swap Term or Extended Swap Term (as defined below), as applicable, 
pursuant to Part 5(ll) (Extension to the term of a Transaction) of the schedule to the Swap Agreement 
the Swap Counterparty will elect (i) to extend the term of the Swap Transaction for (A) a period equal to 
the length of the Initial Swap Term (unless the period remaining to the Scheduled Maturity Date is less 
than the length of the Initial Swap Term, in which case for a period equal to the period remaining to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date) or (B) such other period as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty at such time (such period the “Extended Swap Term”) or (ii) for the Swap Transaction to 
terminate at the end of the Initial Swap Term or Extended Swap Term, as applicable, and the Swap 
Counterparty will notify the Issuer and each Transaction Party (other than the Authorised Participant(s)) 
of each such election. The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of the notice of 
election from the Swap Counterparty, give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) and to the Authorised Participant(s). 
(d) 
Substitution of Posted Collateral 
(i) 
Pursuant to clause 2.1.3C (Substitutions) of the Account Control Agreement, the Swap 
Counterparty may transfer to the Swap Collateral Account an amount of Eligible Collateral (the 
“Substitute Credit Support”) in substitution for some or all of the Posted Collateral (the “Original 
Credit Support”), provided that the Substitute Credit Support must have a Margin Value (as 
defined and determined in accordance with the Account Control Agreement) equal to the Original 
Credit Support (a “Posted Collateral Substitution”).  
(ii) 
Subject to compliance with this Condition 11(d) (Substitution of Posted Collateral) and the terms 
of the Account Control Agreement, there is no limit on the number of times that the Swap 
Counterparty can substitute Posted Collateral. 
12 Payments, Calculations, Agents, Business Days, Default Interest and Records 
(a) 
Payments Net of Taxes 
All payments in respect of the ETP Securities shall be made net of and after allowance for any withholding 
or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any Tax applies to payments in respect of the ETP Securities, the Securityholders will be 
subject to such Tax or deduction and shall not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for any such 
Tax or deduction. No Event of Default shall occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction. 
(b) 
Payments 
(i) 
Payments of Redemption Amounts in respect of Definitive Securities shall, subject to Condition 
12(c) (Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws), be made against presentation and surrender of the 
relevant ETP Securities at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States, by 
a cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to, 
an account denominated in such currency with a Bank nominated by such holder, as the case 
may be. In this Condition 12(b), “Bank” means a bank located in the principal financial centre for 
such currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
(ii) 
For as long as the ETP Securities are represented by a Global Security deposited with a Relevant 
Clearing System and held by the Relevant Clearing System or a common depository or nominee, 
as applicable, on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, the obligations of the Issuer under the 
Conditions to make payments in respect of the ETP Securities will be discharged by payment to, 
or to the order of, the holder of the Global Security, subject to and in accordance with the terms of 
such Global Security. Each of the persons shown in the records of the Relevant Clearing System

--- Page 510 ---
510 
as owning ETP Securities represented by such Global Security must look solely to the Relevant 
Clearing System for its share of any payment made by the Issuer to or to the order of the holder 
of the Global Security. Payments made to any person shown in the records of the Relevant 
Clearing System as owning any ETP Security represented by the Global Security shall be subject 
to and made in accordance with the rules of the Relevant Clearing System. 
(c) 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments in respect of the ETP Securities are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the place of payment. No commission or expenses shall be charged 
to the Securityholders in respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Calculations and Determinations 
(i) 
Each party shall, as soon as practicable on such date and/or at such time as it is required in 
accordance with these Conditions, make such calculation or determination as is required of it in 
accordance herewith. 
(ii) 
If:  
(A) 
the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent is terminated in connection with an Issuing 
and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event or it has resigned or had its appointment terminated 
in accordance with the Agency Agreement; and  
(B) 
the Issuing and Paying Agent fails to make the relevant calculations or determinations 
required of it in accordance with these Conditions in the period prior to the effective date of 
such resignation or termination,  
the Issuer shall as soon as reasonably practicable after becoming aware of the foregoing procure 
the relevant calculations or determinations required of the Issuing and Paying Agent pursuant to 
these Conditions. 
The Issuer shall continue to procure such calculations and determinations to be made until such 
time as a replacement Issuing and Paying Agent is appointed in accordance with the terms of the 
Agency Agreement, and the Conditions and any relevant Transaction Documents shall be 
construed accordingly. In doing so, the Issuer shall ensure that any calculations or determinations 
being so made continue to be made in accordance with the terms of these Conditions.  
(e) 
Determination or Calculation by the Security Trustee 
If at any time after the Security has become enforceable pursuant to Condition 6(h) (Enforcement of 
Security Constituted Under the Security Deed) any determination or calculation relating to the Value per 
ETP Security, the Final Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of 
ETP Securities has not been made when required pursuant to the Conditions of such Series of ETP 
Securities and the Transaction Documents relating to such Series of ETP Securities, the Security Trustee 
may make any such determination or calculation (or may appoint an agent on its behalf to do so), 
provided that the Security Trustee shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. Any such determination or calculation made by the Security Trustee (or the agent appointed 
on its behalf) shall for the purposes of the Conditions of such Series of ETP Securities and the 
Transaction Documents relating to such Series of ETP Securities be deemed to have been made by the 
original party. In doing so, the Security Trustee shall apply the provisions of the Conditions of such Series 
of ETP Securities and/or the relevant Transaction Document(s) relating to such Series of ETP Securities, 
with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all 
other respects it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances. 
The Security Trustee shall not be liable to the Issuer, the Securityholders of any Series of ETP Securities 
or any Transaction Party of any Series of ETP Securities for any calculations and determinations (or any

--- Page 511 ---
511 
delay in making any calculation or determination) so made unless the Security Trustee has acted 
fraudulently, negligently or in wilful default. 
(f) 
Swap Collateral Custodian 
If the Swap Collateral Custodian resigns or its appointment under the Account Control Agreement is 
terminated by reason of termination of the related custody agreement between the Swap Collateral 
Custodian and the Swap Counterparty, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to procure the Swap 
Counterparty to appoint an Eligible Swap Collateral Custodian to act as the Swap Collateral Custodian 
in its place within 90 calendar days of the date of the notice of such resignation or termination. 
(g) 
Appointment of Agents 
Save as otherwise provided in the Trust Deed following an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default 
or the Security becoming enforceable, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Securityholder. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time with the prior written approval of the Trustee and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and Paying 
Agent or any other Paying Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents. Without prejudice to 
the provisions for the automatic termination of the appointment of an Agent in connection with the 
occurrence of an insolvency or similar event or proceedings in the Transaction Documents, the Issuer 
shall use reasonable endeavours to at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, (ii) a Paying 
Agent having its specified office in a major European city, (iii) such other agents as may be required by 
any other stock exchange on which the ETP Securities may be listed, in each case, as approved by the 
Trustee, and (iv) a Paying Agent with a specified office in a European Union member state that will not 
be obliged to withhold or deduct any tax pursuant to any law implementing Directive 2003/48/EC or any 
other Directive implementing the conclusions of the ECOFIN Council meeting of 26-27 November 2000. 
Notice of any change of Agent or any change to the specified office of an Agent shall promptly be given 
to the Securityholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). 
(h) 
Business Day Convention and Non-Payment Business Days 
(i) 
If any date for payment in respect of any ETP Security is not a Payment Business Day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business Day or to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
(ii) 
If a Scheduled Creation Settlement Date or a Scheduled Purchase Settlement Date is not a 
Payment Business Day, the Issuer or the relevant Authorised Participant, as applicable, shall not 
be entitled to (A) any Creation Settlement Amount or Purchase Settlement Amount until the next 
following Payment Business Day (and settlement in accordance with Clause 3.4 (Creation 
Settlement) or Clause 4.4 (Purchase Settlement) of the Authorised Participant Agreement, as 
applicable, shall be adjusted accordingly) or (B) any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. 
(i) 
Default Interest 
If payment of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount, as applicable, is improperly 
withheld or refused, default interest shall accrue (before as well as after judgment) on such amount from 
and including the due date for redemption to but excluding the date of payment at the rate for each day 
in that period equal to (i) if the ETP Securities are denominated in euro, the overnight rate as calculated 
by the European Central Bank appearing on Reuters Screen EONIA Page (or any successor page 
thereto) in respect of that day if that day is a TARGET Settlement Day, or in respect of the TARGET 
Settlement Day immediately preceding that day, if that day is not a TARGET Settlement Day, (ii) if the 
ETP Securities are denominated in GBP, the overnight rate which appears on Reuters Screen SONIA 
Page in respect of that day if that day is a London Business Day, or in respect of the London Business

--- Page 512 ---
512 
Day immediately preceding that day, if that day is not a London Business Day, (iii) if the ETP Securities 
are denominated in USD, the daily effective federal funds rate determined by the Federal Reserve as the 
weighted average of the rates on brokered trades, with such daily rates appearing on the Reuters Screen 
FEDFUNDS1 Page in respect of that day if that day is a New York Business Day, or in respect of the 
New York Business Day immediately preceding that day, if that day is not a New York Business Day or 
(iv) if the ETP Securities are denominated in any other currency, such rate as is specified in the Final 
Terms. If such rate does not appear on such screen, the rate shall be equal to the rate offered by a major 
bank in a relevant interbank market for overnight deposits in the same currency as the denomination of 
the ETP Securities. 
(j) 
Negotiability of Global Security 
The Global Security is a bearer document and negotiable and accordingly: 
(i) 
is freely transferable by delivery and such transfer shall operate to confer upon the transferee all 
rights and benefits appertaining hereto and to bind the transferee with all obligations appertaining 
hereto pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
the holder of the Global Security is and shall be absolutely entitled as against all previous holders 
to receive all amounts by way of amounts payable upon redemption, default interest or otherwise 
payable in respect of the Global Security and the Issuer waives as against such holder and any 
previous holder of the Global Security all rights of set-off or counterclaim that would or might 
otherwise be available to it in respect of the obligations evidenced by the Global Security; and 
(iii) 
payment upon due presentation of the Global Security will operate as a good discharge against 
such holder and all previous holders of the Global Security. 
13 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the ETP Securities shall be prescribed 
and become void unless made within 10 years (in the case of Redemption Amounts) or five years (in the case 
of default interest) from the date on which the payment of the Redemption Amount in respect of the ETP 
Securities first became due or (if any amount of the money payable was improperly withheld or refused) the 
date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding was made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that 
on which notice is duly given to the Securityholders that, upon further presentation of the ETP Security being 
made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made 
upon such presentation (such date the “Relevant Date”), save that if the ETP Securities are in global form 
claims in respect of Redemption Amounts and default interest (if any) in respect of the relevant Global Security 
shall become void unless the Global Security is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the case 
of Redemption Amounts) or five years (in the case of default interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14 Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs, the Trustee at its discretion may, or shall, if 
so directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETP Securities then outstanding or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (provided that in each case the Trustee shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer (such notice an “Event of Default 
Redemption Notice”) that the ETP Securities are, and they shall immediately become, due and payable at their 
Early Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date: 
(a) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations (other than a payment 
obligation) under the ETP Securities, the Security Deed or the Trust Deed, which default is incapable of 
remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied 
within 30 calendar days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after notice of such default

--- Page 513 ---
513 
shall have been given to the Issuer by the Trustee (and, for these purposes, a failure to perform or comply 
with an obligation shall be deemed to be remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not 
doing an act or thing by a particular time); 
(b) 
any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation 
or other similar arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(c) 
an examiner is appointed in respect of the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default Redemption Notice, 
give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) and to each of the other 
Transaction Parties.  
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed that, on each anniversary of the issue date of the first series of 
securities issued under the Programme and also within 14 calendar days after any request by the Trustee, it 
will send to the Trustee a certificate signed by a Director of the Issuer to the effect that as at a date not more 
than five calendar days prior to the date of the certificate no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default has 
occurred. 
15 Enforcement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, take 
such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the rights of the 
holders of the ETP Securities against the Issuer whether the same arise under general law, the Trust Deed or 
the ETP Securities, but it need not take any such action or step or institute proceedings unless (a) in accordance 
with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee is so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or in writing by 
holders of at least one-fifth in number of the ETP Securities then outstanding and (b) it is indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. None of the holders of the ETP Securities shall be entitled to 
proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with 
the terms of the Trust Deed, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing.  
Pursuant to the terms of the Security Deed, only the Security Trustee may enforce the Security over the Secured 
Property in accordance with the Security Deed and only the Security Trustee may, at its discretion and without 
further notice, take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to 
enforce the Security over the Secured Property, but it need not take any such action or step or institute such 
proceedings unless (i) it shall have been so directed by a Securityholders’ Resolution or in writing by holders of 
at least one-fifth in number of the ETP Securities of all Series of ETP Securities then outstanding (in accordance 
with the Security Deed) and (ii) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction. None of the Secured Creditors, Other Creditors, Securityholders or other Transaction Parties in 
respect of any Series of ETP Securities shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer in respect of the 
Security Deed unless the Security Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of 
the Security Deed, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. The Security 
Trustee, the Securityholders and the Transaction Parties in respect of each Series of ETP Securities 
acknowledge and agree that only the Security Trustee may enforce the Security over the Secured Property in 
accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the Security Deed. 
The Trustee and the Security Trustee shall in no circumstances be obliged to take any action, step or proceeding 
that would involve any personal liability or expense without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction whether pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Security Deed or otherwise.

--- Page 514 ---
514 
16 Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver, Substitution and Restrictions 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, a meeting of Securityholders may be convened by the 
Issuer or the Trustee at any time during the term of the ETP Securities. The quorum requirement for a 
meeting and the voting arrangements are further described in the Trust Deed.  
The special quorum provisions described in the Trust Deed shall apply to any meeting and Extraordinary 
Resolution relating to any proposal: (i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the ETP 
Securities; (ii) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount, as applicable, including any amendment to the Minimum Redemption Amount 
made in accordance with Condition 8(e)(ii)(A)(I) (Suspension Threshold Trigger); (iii) to vary the currency 
or currencies of payment or denomination of the ETP Securities; (iv) to take any steps that as specified 
in the Issue Deed and/or the Trust Deed may only be taken following approval by an Extraordinary 
Resolution to which the special quorum provisions apply; (v) to modify the provisions concerning the 
quorum required at any meeting of Securityholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or (vi) to modify the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning the special quorum provisions.  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
approval of Securityholders by way of an Extraordinary Resolution of Securityholders or otherwise or the 
consent of the Trustee is required (without limitation) for: 
(A) 
the transfer of Posted Collateral from the Swap Collateral Account back to the Swap Counterparty 
under the Account Control Agreement and the related release of Security provided such transfer 
and release is effected in accordance with the terms of the Account Control Agreement;  
(B) 
the substitution of the Posted Collateral as described in Condition 11(d) (Substitution of Posted 
Collateral) and any amendments or supplements to the Account Control Agreement in connection 
therewith; 
(C) 
any change to any component of the Accrued Fee at any time; 
(D) 
any adjustment to the Conditions of the ETP Securities made pursuant to Condition 9(c) 
(Adjustment Events); 
(E) 
any appointment of an additional or replacement Transaction Party provided such appointment or 
replacement is effected in accordance with the Conditions and the applicable Transaction 
Document(s); 
(F) 
the substitution of the Index with a Successor Index pursuant to Condition 10(a) (Successor 
Index); 
(G) 
the transfer of the Swap Agreement, the Account Control Agreement and/or the Swap Pledge 
Agreement pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Transfer of Swap Agreement and Swap Transaction, 
Account Control Agreement and/or Swap Pledge Agreement); 
(H) 
any increase to the Programme Maximum Number of ETP Securities; 
(I) 
any amendment to the eligibility requirements for Eligible Collateral as set out in the Account 
Control Agreement; 
(J) 
any amendment to any term of the Conditions or any Transaction Document which relates to an 
operational or procedural issue; or 
(K) 
any extension to the Initial Swap Term or Extended Swap Term, as applicable.

--- Page 515 ---
515 
(b) 
Modification of the Relevant Transaction Documents 
Without prejudice to Condition 16(a) (Meetings of Securityholders), the Trustee may agree, without the 
consent of the Securityholders, to (i) any modification to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or any 
other Transaction Document to which the Trustee is a party which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification, 
and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of these Conditions or any of 
the provisions of the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document to which the Trustee is a party 
that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders. Any 
such modification, authorisation or waiver will be binding on the Securityholders and, if the Trustee so 
requires, such modification will be notified by the Issuer to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. 
The Security Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Securityholders of any Series of ETP 
Securities, to (i) any modification to the Security Deed, the Swap Agreement, the Swap Pledge 
Agreement and/or the Account Control Agreement that is, in the opinion of the Security Trustee, of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification, 
and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any term of the Security Deed that 
is in the opinion of the Security Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders 
of any Series of ETP Securities. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver will be binding on the 
Securityholders of each Series of ETP Securities and such modification will be notified by the Issuer to 
the Securityholders of each Series of ETP Securities in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) of such 
Series of ETP Securities as soon as reasonably practicable unless the Trustee decides otherwise. 
(c) 
Waiver 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders and without prejudice to its rights in respect 
of any subsequent breach, from time to time and at any time, if in its opinion the interests of the 
Securityholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby, waive or authorise, on such terms as seem 
expedient to it, any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of the Trust Deed, the Conditions or any 
other Transaction Document or determine that an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default will not 
be treated as such provided that the Trustee will not do so in contravention of an express direction given 
by an Extraordinary Resolution. No such direction or request will affect a previous waiver, authorisation 
or determination. Any such waiver, authorisation or determination will be binding on the Securityholders 
and will be notified to the Securityholders as soon as practicable unless the Trustee decides otherwise. 
(d) 
Substitution of Issuer 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Securityholders, agree to the substitution, in place of the 
Issuer (or of any previous substitute) as the principal debtor under the Trust Deed, the Security Deed, 
the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party and the ETP Securities, of any other company 
(incorporated in any jurisdiction) (any such substitute company being the “Substituted Obligor”) whether 
in connection with the occurrence of a Swap Agreement Tax Event under the Swap Agreement or 
otherwise, provided that: 
(i) 
a deed is executed or undertaking given by the Substituted Obligor to the Trustee, in form and 
manner satisfactory to the Trustee, agreeing to be bound by the Trust Deed, the Security Deed 
and the ETP Securities (with such consequential amendments as the Trustee, in its opinion, may 
deem appropriate) as if the Substituted Obligor had been named in the Trust Deed, the Security 
Deed and the ETP Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation to the Secured 
Property, acknowledges the Security created in respect thereof pursuant to the Security Deed and 
takes all such action as the Trustee, in its opinion, may require so that the Security constitutes a

--- Page 516 ---
516 
valid charge, pledge or other security interest over the Secured Property as was originally created 
by the Issuer for the obligations of the Substituted Obligor; 
(iii) 
if any director of the Substituted Obligor certifies that it will be solvent immediately after such 
substitution, the Trustee shall not have regard to the Substituted Obligor’s financial condition, 
profits or prospects or compare them with those of the Issuer; 
(iv) 
the Trustee will be satisfied (if it requires, by reference to legal opinions) that (A) all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents necessary for or in connection with the 
assumption by the Substituted Obligor of liability as principal debtor in respect of, and of its 
obligations under, the ETP Securities and any Transaction Document have been obtained and (B) 
such approvals and consents are at the time of substitution in full force and effect; 
(v) 
the Issuer and the Substituted Obligor will (A) execute, and the Issuer shall procure that the Swap 
Counterparty and any other Transaction Party will execute, such other deeds, documents and 
instruments (if any) as the Trustee may require in order that such substitution is fully effective and 
(B) comply with such other requirements in the interests of the Securityholders as the Trustee may 
direct; 
(vi) 
in connection with any proposed substitution of the Issuer, the Trustee may, without the consent 
of the holders of the ETP Securities, agree to a change of the law from time to time governing 
such ETP Securities and/or the Issue Deed and/or the Trust Deed and/or the Security Deed, 
provided that such change of law, in the opinion of the Trustee, would not be materially prejudicial 
to the interests of such Securityholders; and 
(vii) 
a legal opinion satisfactory to the Trustee is provided concerning any proposed substitution. 
An agreement by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 16(d) (Substitution of Issuer) and the Trust Deed 
shall, if so expressed, release the Issuer (or a previous substitute) from any or all of its obligations under 
the Trust Deed, the ETP Securities and the other Transaction Documents. The Substituted Obligor shall 
give notice of the substitution to the Securityholders within 14 calendar days of the execution of such 
documents and compliance with such requirements. 
On completion of the formalities set out in this Condition 16(d) (Substitution of Issuer) and the Trust Deed, 
the Substituted Obligor shall be deemed to be named in these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the other 
Transaction Documents and the ETP Securities as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer (or of any 
previous substitute) and these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the other Transaction Documents and the 
ETP Securities shall be deemed to be amended as necessary to give effect to the substitution. 
(e) 
Proof of Default 
Proof that the Issuer has failed to make a payment of a Redemption Amount when due under the 
Conditions to the holder of any one ETP Security will (unless the contrary be proved) be sufficient 
evidence that it has made the same default as regards all other ETP Securities that are then payable. 
(f) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, in connection with the exercise of its functions (including, 
but not limited to, those referred to in this Condition 16 (Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, 
Waiver, Substitution and Restrictions) the Trustee will have regard to the interests of the Securityholders 
as a class and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Securityholders 
and the Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor shall any Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the 
Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual Securityholders. So long as the ETP Securities are in global form and the Global Security is 
held by or on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, in considering the interests of Securityholders, the 
Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by the Relevant Clearing System or its operator

--- Page 517 ---
517 
as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its accountholders or participants with entitlements 
to any such Global Security and may consider such interests on the basis that such accountholders or 
participants were the holder(s) thereof. 
(g) 
Entitlement of the Security Trustee 
In accordance with the terms of the Security Deed, in connection with the exercise of its functions 
(including, but not limited to, those referred to in this Condition 16 (Meetings of Securityholders, 
Modification, Waiver, Substitution and Restrictions) the Security Trustee will have regard to the interests 
of the Securityholders of each Series of ETP Securities as a class and will not have regard to the 
consequences of such exercise for individual Securityholders of any Series of ETP Securities or the other 
Secured Creditors and the Security Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor shall any Securityholder of 
any Series of ETP Securities be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Securityholders of any Series of 
ETP Securities. So long as the ETP Securities of any Series of ETP Securities are in global form and the 
Global Security is held by or on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, in considering the interests of 
Securityholders in respect of such Series of ETP Securities, the Security Trustee may have regard to 
any information provided to it by the Relevant Clearing System or its operator as to the identity (either 
individually or by category) of its accountholders or participants with entitlements to any such Global 
Security and may consider such interests on the basis that such accountholders or participants were the 
holder(s) thereof. 
17 Replacement of ETP Securities 
If an ETP Security in bearer form is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified office 
of the Issuing and Paying Agent in London or such other Paying Agent, as the case may be, as may, from time 
to time, be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Securityholders, 
in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or 
destroyed ETP Security is subsequently presented for payment there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the 
amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such ETP Security) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced ETP Securities must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
18 Further Issues of ETP Securities 
(a) 
Procedure for Requesting a Further Issuance 
Subject to Condition 6 (Security), the Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Trustee 
or any Securityholder), in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Conditions, the Agency Agreement and 
the Authorised Participant Agreement, create and issue further securities having the same terms and 
conditions as the ETP Securities in all respects and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and 
form a single series with the ETP Securities.  
In accordance with clause 3.1 (Request to Issue and Subscribe) of the Authorised Participant Agreement, 
only an Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer issue additional Tranches of the ETP 
Securities by delivering a Creation Order to the Issuer (copied to the Swap Counterparty). A Valid 
Creation Order Confirmation will only be delivered by (or on behalf of) the Issuer to the relevant 
Authorised Participant and the Swap Counterparty if it has determined (or has had determined on its 
behalf) that all conditions to a valid Creation Order, as set out in clause 3.2 (Validity of Creation Orders) 
of the Authorised Participant Agreement, have been satisfied. Settlement of any further issuance by the 
Issuer of ETP Securities proposed by a Valid Creation Order Confirmation may only occur in full and 
shall not, in any circumstances, be partially settled. The Issuer shall have no obligation to issue further

--- Page 518 ---
518 
ETP Securities and no obligation to accept any Creation Orders or deliver (or have delivered on its behalf) 
any Valid Creation Order Confirmations from (but excluding) the 15th Relevant Business Day preceding 
the Scheduled Maturity Date.  
ETP Securities requested for issue and subscribed for by an Authorised Participant may be held on an 
inventory basis by such Authorised Participant and offered for sale and/or sold over a period of time. 
Any new securities forming a single series with the ETP Securities and which are expressed to be 
constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deed will, upon the issue thereof by the Issuer, 
be constituted by the Trust Deed and secured by the Security Deed without any further formality and 
irrespective of whether or not the issue of such securities contravenes any covenant or other restriction 
in the Trust Deed or the Programme Maximum Number of ETP Securities and shall be secured by the 
same Secured Property (as increased and/or supplemented in connection with such issue of such new 
securities) and references in these Conditions to “Belgian Law Secured Property”, “English Law 
Secured Property”, “ETP Securities”, “Secured Property”, “Swap Agreement”, “Swap Pledge 
Agreement”, “Secured Issuer Obligations”, “Other Issuer Obligations”, “Secured Creditors” and 
“Other Creditors” shall be construed accordingly. 
(b) 
Suspension of Further Issuances 
(i) 
Early Redemption Events 
In accordance with clause 3.2 (Validity of Creation Orders) of the Authorised Participant 
Agreement, if:  
(A) 
an Issuer Call Redemption Notice is delivered, the last day on which the Issuer is required 
to accept a Creation Order and deliver (or have delivered on its behalf) a Valid Creation 
Order Confirmation shall be the 4th Relevant Business Day preceding the related Early 
Redemption Valuation Date designated in such notice;  
(B) 
a Change of Law Redemption Notice is delivered by the Issuer, the last day on which the 
Issuer is required to accept a Creation Order and deliver (or have delivered on its behalf) a 
Valid Creation Order Confirmation shall be the 4th Relevant Business Day preceding the 
related Early Redemption Valuation Date designated in such notice;  
(C) 
the Swap Counterparty elects for the Swap Transaction to terminate on the last day of its 
scheduled term and such date falls before the Scheduled Maturity Date, the last day on 
which the Issuer is required to accept a Creation Order and deliver (or have delivered on 
its behalf) a Valid Creation Order Confirmation shall be the 4th Relevant Business Day 
preceding the scheduled termination date of the Swap Transaction;  
(D) 
a Swap Early Termination Date is designated or occurs under the Swap Agreement for any 
reason other than the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event, a Party A Optional 
Termination Event or a Party B Optional Termination Event, the last day on which the Issuer 
is required to accept a Creation Order and deliver (or have delivered on its behalf) a Valid 
Creation Order Confirmation shall be the earlier of the date of the notice (if any) designating 
the Swap Early Termination Date and the Swap Early Termination Date, as applicable; 
(E) 
a Swap Early Termination Date is designated or occurs under the Swap Agreement in 
connection with the occurrence of a Party A Optional Termination Event or Party B Optional 
Termination Event, the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a Creation Order 
and deliver (or have delivered on its behalf) a Valid Creation Order Confirmation shall be 
the 4th Relevant Business Day preceding such Swap Early Termination Date; and 
(F) 
an Index Cancellation No Successor Notice, an Agent Redemption Event Notice, a 
Publication Event Redemption Notice, a Value per ETP Security Threshold Level Notice,

--- Page 519 ---
519 
an AP Redemption Event Notice, a Swap Counterparty Default Redemption Notice, a Swap 
Tax Event Redemption Notice or a Security Enforcement Redemption Notice is delivered, 
the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a Creation Order and deliver (or have 
delivered on its behalf) a Valid Creation Order Confirmation shall be the date of such notice.  
(ii) 
Creation Suspension Event 
The Issuer may suspend the issuance of further ETP Securities at any time. If a Creation 
Suspension Event occurs, the Issuer shall not be obliged to accept any further Creation Orders or 
deliver (or have delivered on its behalf) any Valid Creation Order Confirmations in respect of the 
ETP Securities with effect from the date of suspension specified in the relevant notice to the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Authorised Participants and the Swap Counterparty until such time 
(if any) as the Issuer notifies, in accordance with clause 3.7 (Creation Suspension Event) of the 
Authorised Participant Agreement, such parties that it shall recommence the issue of further 
Tranches of the ETP Securities. The effective date of any such suspension will be specified in the 
related notice and will be a day not earlier than the Relevant Business Day following the date of 
such notice.  
The Issuer shall give notice to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) of any 
such suspension or cessation of suspension as soon as reasonably practicable after giving any 
notice of such suspension or cessation in accordance with the Authorised Participant Agreement. 
(iii) 
Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event 
In accordance with clause 3.8 (Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event) of the Authorised 
Participant Agreement, if an Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event occurs, the Issuer shall 
not be obliged to accept any further Creation Orders or deliver (or have delivered on its behalf) 
any Valid Creation Order Confirmations until (A) such time as a replacement Issuing and Paying 
Agent is appointed in accordance with the Agency Agreement or (B) the Issuer is procuring 
determination of the requisite determinations and calculations of the Issuing and Paying Agent 
pursuant to Condition 12(d)(ii) (Calculations and Determinations). 
(iv) 
No Closing Index Level published 
In accordance with clause 3.2 (Validity of Creation Orders) of the Authorised Participant 
Agreement, the Issuer will not be obliged to deliver (or have delivered on its behalf) a Valid 
Creation Order Confirmation in respect of a Creation Order delivered on any Relevant Business 
Day if no Closing Index Level has been published by the Issuer on the Website on such Relevant 
Business Day in respect of the preceding Scheduled Valuation Day. 
(c) 
Cancellation of creations prior to Creation Settlement Date 
(i) 
Prolonged Settlement Delay 
Provided that the subscription confirmed by a Valid Creation Order Confirmation has not been 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 18(c)(ii) (Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event) or Condition 
18(c)(iii) (Early Redemption Event or Final Redemption Valuation Date), where the related 
Creation Settlement Date has not occurred by close of business on the third London and Paris 
Business Day following the Scheduled Creation Settlement Date (the “Creation Settlement 
Backstop Date”), such Valid Creation Order Confirmation (including the subscription confirmed 
by such Valid Creation Order Confirmation), the related Creation Order and any ETP Securities 
issued on the Scheduled Creation Settlement Date which are pending settlement to such 
Authorised Participant shall each be automatically cancelled and deemed void with effect from 
such Creation Settlement Backstop Date.

--- Page 520 ---
520 
Following notification of a settlement failure in accordance with clause 3.6 (Notification of Creation 
Settlement Failure) of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, the relevant Authorised 
Participant and the Swap Counterparty may agree to adjust the Creation Settlement Backstop 
Date (any date so agreed, the “Adjusted Creation Settlement Backstop Date”). If an Adjusted 
Creation Settlement Backstop Date is agreed, the Swap Counterparty shall notify the Issuer and 
the Issuing and Paying Agent of such date and the Valid Creation Order Confirmation (including 
the subscription confirmed by such Valid Creation Order Confirmation), the related Creation Order 
and any ETP Securities issued on the Scheduled Creation Settlement Date which are pending 
settlement to such Authorised Participant shall not be automatically cancelled and deemed void 
with effect from the Creation Settlement Backstop Date, but rather from such Adjusted Creation 
Settlement Backstop Date. Any adjustment to the Creation Settlement Backstop Date shall not 
affect the operation of Condition 18(c)(ii) (Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event) or 18(c)(iii) (Early 
Redemption Event or Final Redemption Valuation Date) with respect to a cancellation prior to the 
Adjusted Creation Settlement Backstop Date of the Valid Creation Order Confirmation (including 
the subscription confirmed by such Valid Creation Order Confirmation), the related Creation Order 
and any ETP Securities issued on the Scheduled Creation Settlement Date which are pending 
settlement to such Authorised Participant. 
(ii) 
Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event 
Provided that the subscription confirmed by a Valid Creation Order Confirmation has not been 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 18(c)(i) (Prolonged Settlement Delay) or Condition 18(c)(iii) (Early 
Redemption Event or Final Redemption Valuation Date), where the related Creation Settlement 
Date has not occurred and a Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event occurs, such Valid Creation 
Order Confirmation (including the subscription confirmed by such Valid Creation Order 
Confirmation), the related Creation Order and any ETP Securities issued on the Scheduled 
Creation Settlement Date which are pending settlement to such Authorised Participant shall each 
be automatically cancelled and deemed void with effect from the date of the occurrence of such 
Swap Counterparty Bankruptcy Event. 
(iii) 
Early Redemption Event, Event of Default or Final Redemption Valuation Date 
Provided that the subscription confirmed by a Valid Creation Order Confirmation has not been 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 18(c)(i) (Prolonged Settlement Delay) or Condition 18(c)(ii) (Swap 
Counterparty Bankruptcy Event), where the related Creation Settlement Date has not occurred 
and an Early Redemption Event, Event of Default or the Final Redemption Valuation Date occurs, 
such Valid Creation Order Confirmation (including the subscription confirmed by such Valid 
Creation Order Confirmation), the related Creation Order and any ETP Securities issued on the 
Scheduled Creation Settlement Date which are pending settlement to such Authorised Participant 
shall each be automatically cancelled and deemed void with effect from the relevant Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or the Final Redemption Valuation Date, as applicable. 
19 Consolidation and Division of ETP Securities 
The Issuer may at any time consolidate or divide all of the ETP Securities into ETP Securities with a 
proportionately larger or smaller principal amount and Value per ETP Security. Such consolidation or division 
shall be effected by deed or instrument supplemental to the Trust Deed. Whenever as a result of consolidation 
of ETP Securities, a Securityholder would become entitled to a fraction of an ETP Security the Issuer will redeem 
such fractional ETP Security. 
If the Issuer decides to consolidate or divide the ETP Securities, it shall notify the Trustee, the Authorised 
Participants, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the Swap Counterparty of the same and notify the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) of the same.

--- Page 521 ---
521 
20 Notices 
All notices to holders of ETP Securities shall be valid if: 
(a) 
published in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Europe and any such notices shall be 
conclusively presumed to have been received by the holders of the ETP Securities. If any such 
publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English 
language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given to the holders of the ETP Securities on the date of such publication or, if published more than once 
or on different dates, on the first date on which publication is made, as provided above; 
(b) 
for so long as the ETP Securities are in global form, notices required to be given in respect of the ETP 
Securities represented by a Global Security are given by their being delivered (so long as the Global 
Security is held on behalf of a Clearing System) to the Relevant Clearing System, or otherwise to the 
holder of the Global Security, rather than by publication as required above. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the holders of the ETP Securities on the Payment Business Day 
immediately following the day on which the notice was given to the Relevant Clearing System; and 
(c) 
for so long as the ETP Securities are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, published or delivered in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of such Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant authority. 
21 Relevant Clearing System 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Security Trustee, the Agents nor the Swap Counterparty will have any 
responsibility for the performance by the Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) 
of any of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
22 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the ETP Securities under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 except and to the extent (if any) that the ETP Securities expressly provide for 
such Act to apply to any of their terms. 
23 Governing Law  
(a) 
English Law: The Issue Deed, the Trust Deed, the Security Deed (except for clauses 3.2 and 3.15 of 
the Security Deed) and the ETP Securities (including any Global Security), and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Belgian Law: Clauses 3.2 and 3.15 of the Security Deed and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection therewith shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Belgian law. 
24 Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of or in 
connection with any ETP Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with any ETP Securities (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer 
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objections to Proceedings in such 
courts on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum.

--- Page 522 ---
522 
(b) 
Service of Process 
The Issuer shall by executing the Issue Deed irrevocably appoint for the time being the process agent 
specified in such Issue Deed to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings in 
England. Service of process on such process agent shall be deemed valid service upon the Issuer 
whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer. The Issuer shall inform the Trustee in writing 
of any change in its process agent’s address within 28 calendar days of such change. If for any reason 
such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in London, the Issuer 
irrevocably agrees to appoint a substitute process agent in England reasonably acceptable to the Trustee 
and to deliver to it a copy of the substitute process agent’s written acceptance of that appointment, within 
14 calendar days.

--- Page 523 ---
523 
FURTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING CERTAIN TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of certain Transaction Documents relating to the 
Programme and the ETP Securities and should be read in conjunction with the rest of this Base 
Prospectus. The summaries below are of certain provisions of the Transaction Documents and do not 
purport to be complete and are subject to the detailed provisions of the relevant Transaction Documents. 
Capitalised terms used in the summaries below but not defined therein shall have the meanings given to 
such terms in Conditions. 
Issue Deed 
The Issue Deed relating to a Series of ETP Securities will be dated on or about the Series Issue Date of 
such ETP Securities and will be entered into by the Issuer, the Trustee and the other parties named therein. 
The Issue Deed is entered into for the purpose of constituting the relevant Series of ETP Securities and 
sets out the terms of certain Transaction Documents relating to such Series of ETP Securities. Under the 
terms of the Issue Deed relating to a Series of ETP Securities, the execution of the Issue Deed will 
constitute the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the Authorised Participant Agreement for such 
Series of ETP Securities on the terms set out in the Issue Deed.  
Trust Deed 
Provisions Relating to the Issuer and the Trustee  
The Trust Deed relating to a Series of ETP Securities will be entered into as a deed by the Issuer, the 
Trustee and each other party thereto upon the execution of the Issue Deed. The Issue Deed will incorporate 
and may amend and/or supplement the Master Trust Terms. The relevant Trust Deed contains the 
provisions setting out the various obligations of the Issuer and the Trustee with respect to the relevant 
Series of ETP Securities. Each Trust Deed will be governed by and construed in accordance with English 
law. 
The relevant Trust Deed will constitute the ETP Securities of the relevant Series and will set out the 
covenants of the Issuer, including, inter alia, its covenant to pay, provisions relating to its duty to provide 
various persons with information, to prepare and display certain information, only to do such things as are 
contemplated within the relevant Trust Deed (most importantly, in relation to the issue of the ETP 
Securities) and its duties with respect to its obligations under the ETP Securities. 
Each Trust Deed will also set out the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of the Trustee in 
respect of its duties, the conditions for appointment, retirement and removal and contains provisions which 
are supplemental to certain statutory provisions and which set out the powers of the Trustee and the extent 
of its duties. The Trustee in respect of a Series of ETP Securities may retire upon giving not less than 60 
calendar days’ prior written notice to the Issuer, and the Securityholders may by Extraordinary Resolution 
remove any Trustee, provided that the retirement or removal of a sole trust corporation will not be effective 
until a trust corporation is appointed as successor Trustee. If the sole trust corporation in respect of a 
Series of ETP Securities gives notice of retirement or an Extraordinary Resolution is passed for its removal, 
the Issuer will use all reasonable endeavours to procure that another trust corporation is appointed as the 
Trustee for such Series but if it fails to do so before the expiry of such 60 calendar day notice period, the 
Trustee will have the power to appoint a new Trustee. 
The Master Trust Terms are available on the Issuer’s website at https://graniteshares.com/europe/etps. 
Security Deed 
The Issuer and the Security Trustee have entered into an English law governed (except for certain clauses 
in respect of the Belgian law security interests granted thereunder, which are governed by Belgian law) 
amended and restated security deed dated 24 June 2019 in relation to all Series of ETP Securities. The

--- Page 524 ---
524 
Security in respect of each Series of ETP Securities is constituted pursuant to the Security Deed and the 
Security Deed sets out, inter alia, provisions relating to the creation and enforcement of the Security, the 
appointment of receivers, the rights of the Security Trustee in relation to the Secured Property and 
provisions relating to the application of the net proceeds derived from the realisation of the Secured 
Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement). See Condition 6 (Security) for a description of the 
terms of the Security. Securityholders of a particular Series should note that the Secured Property will be 
pooled and shared with Securityholders of every other Series of ETP Securities issued (and not yet 
matured or redeemed in full) by the Issuer. 
Agency Agreement 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into an English law 
governed agency agreement in relation to the ETP Securities on the terms set out in the relevant version 
of the Master Agency Terms as amended or supplemented by such Issue Deed with each person executing 
the Issue Deed in the capacity of Issuing and Paying Agent, Trustee, Security Trustee and Paying Agent. 
The Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the Issuing and Paying Agent and each other 
Paying Agent (as applicable) in relation to (i) the issue, payment, replacement, cancellation and listing of 
the ETP Securities, (ii) the exchange of Global Securities for Definitive Securities (if applicable), and (iii) 
the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of such agents in respect of their respective duties. The 
Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment, resignation (by at least 60 calendar days’ 
prior notice to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Issuing and Paying Agent, which notice shall expire at least 
30 calendar days before or after any due date for payment in respect of that Series of ETP Securities) and 
variation or termination of the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent or any Paying Agent (by at 
least 60 calendar days’ prior notice from the Issuer, which notice shall expire at least 30 calendar days 
before or after any due date for payment in respect of that Series of ETP Securities or on the occurrence 
of certain events, such as where such agent becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved, is adjudged 
bankrupt or insolvent, files for bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition for 
the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, liquidator or similar 
official or a resolution is passed for its winding up, official management, liquidation or dissolution).  
Authorised Participant Agreement 
By executing the relevant Issue Deed, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into an English law 
governed authorised participant agreement in relation to the ETP Securities on the terms set out in the 
relevant version of the Master Authorised Participant Terms, as amended or supplemented by such Issue 
Deed with each person executing the Issue Deed in the capacity of Issuing and Paying Agent, Swap 
Counterparty and Authorised Participant. The Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the provisions 
relating to the subscription by Authorised Participants of ETP Securities of the relevant Series and 
purchase of ETP Securities of such Series by the Issuer. The Authorised Participant Agreement also sets 
out the terms on which an Authorised Participant may offer, sell or deliver ETP Securities and contains 
certain representations, warranties and undertakings of the Authorised Participant in relation thereto.  
The Authorised Participant Agreement sets out the conditions for appointment, resignation (by at least 60 
calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer and each other Transaction Party), variation (by the Issuer with at 
least 30 calendar days’ prior notice to the Agents, each Authorised Participant and the Swap Counterparty) 
and termination (automatically and with immediate effect if an Authorised Participant Bankruptcy Event 
occurs and by the Issuer in any other circumstance by at least 30 calendar days’ prior notice, unless there 
is more than one Authorised Participant, in which case the Issuer may terminate the appointment of any 
Authorised Participant with immediate effect for a material breach of its obligations which to the extent 
such breach is capable of being remedied is not remedied within 15 calendar days of the relevant 
Authorised Participant becoming aware of, or its receiving notice from the Issuer or the Issuing and Paying 
Agent of such breach or if the Issuer determines, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
that the conduct of such Authorised Participant is detrimental to the reputation or development potential of

--- Page 525 ---
525 
the business of the Issuer or any other Transaction Party or the relationships of those entities with third 
parties). The Authorised Participant Agreement includes a number of cross indemnities amongst the 
parties, including an indemnity from the Issuer relating to the representations and warranties given by the 
Issuer in such agreement.  
Swap Agreement and Swap Transactions 
General 
The Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have entered into an English law governed swap agreement dated 
as of 3 April 2019, as amended and restated as of 24 June 2019 relating to all Series of ETP Securities. 
The Swap Counterparty in respect of the Swap Agreement is Natixis. 
In respect of each Series of ETP Securities, on the Series Issue Date, the Issuer will enter into a Swap 
Transaction with the Swap Counterparty under the Swap Agreement. In connection with each Tranche of 
ETP Securities of a Series issued after the related Series Issue Date, the Swap Value of such Swap 
Transaction will automatically increase by a pro rata amount in accordance with the terms of the Swap 
Agreement. 
The Swap Agreement will comprise an agreement in the form of the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. together with a Schedule thereto, 
together with each confirmation entered into thereunder, which, in each case, evidences a Swap 
Transaction, and as such Swap Agreement may be amended, supplemented, novated or replaced from 
time to time. 
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Swap Agreement. Such summaries are qualified 
in their entirety by the terms of the Swap Agreement. 
Payments 
The Swap Agreement sets out certain payments from the Issuer to the Swap Counterparty and vice versa 
in respect of each Swap Transaction. The obligations of the Issuer and the Swap Counterparty under the 
Swap Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP Securities have characteristics that 
demonstrate capacity to produce funds to service any payments due and payable on such Series of ETP 
Securities.  
Issuer Payments 
The Swap Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP Securities will be fully-funded. This 
means that the Issuer makes an upfront payment to the Swap Counterparty. The Issuer’s payments under 
the Swap Transaction relating to such Series of ETP Securities will be funded using the proceeds from the 
issues of the relevant ETP Securities. 
On each occasion on which an additional Tranche of a Series of ETP Securities is issued, upon receipt by 
the Issuer of the related subscription proceeds the Issuer will be obliged to pay an amount equal to such 
proceeds to the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Value of the Swap Transaction entered in connection 
with such Series of ETP Securities will automatically increase by a pro rata amount (subject to the 
cancellation of such issue prior to settlement in full in accordance with the terms of the Authorised 
Participant Agreement). 
Swap Counterparty Payments 
Under each Swap Transaction, an amount is payable by the Swap Counterparty on each occasion on 
which such Swap Transaction is terminated. The Issuer will fund payments under a Series of ETP 
Securities from payments it receives under the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with such 
Series of ETP Securities and its ability to meet payments under the ETP Securities is entirely dependent 
on its receipt of such payments from the Swap Counterparty.

--- Page 526 ---
526 
In connection with the purchase of ETP Securities of a Series by the Issuer, the Swap Transaction entered 
into in connection with such Series of ETP Securities will be terminated by a pro rata amount and an 
amount will be payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer equal to (i) where index pricing settlement 
applies, (a) the Value per ETP Security for the related trade date of such purchase, multiplied by (b) the 
number of ETP Securities being purchased by the Issuer, less (c) any applicable Swap Unwind Costs or 
(ii) where agreed pricing settlement applies, (a) the price per ETP Security agreed in respect of such 
purchase, multiplied by (b) the number of ETP Securities being purchased by the Issuer, less (c) any 
applicable Swap Unwind Costs. 
On termination of the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP Securities at the 
end of its scheduled term, an amount will be payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer equal to (i) 
the Value per ETP Security for the Final Redemption Valuation Date, multiplied by (ii) the number of ETP 
Securities outstanding as at such date. 
If a Swap Early Termination Date is designated (or deemed to be designated) in respect of a Swap 
Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP Securities following the occurrence of an event 
where such Swap Transaction is the only Swap Transaction that is being terminated as a result of such 
event (including certain Early Redemption Events, a cancellation of the Index or an exercise by the Swap 
Counterparty of its right to terminate early such Swap Transaction), such Series of ETP Securities (and 
not any other Series of ETP Securities) will be redeemed early, an amount will be payable by the Swap 
Counterparty to the Issuer equal to (i) the Value per ETP Security for such affected Series of ETP Securities 
and Early Termination Date, multiplied by (ii) the number of ETP Securities outstanding in respect of such 
affected Series of ETP Securities as at such Early Termination Date and each ETP Security of such Series 
will be redeemed early at such amount.  
If a Swap Early Termination Date is designated (or deemed to be designated) in respect of all outstanding 
Swap Transactions under the Swap Agreement (which would occur if, for example, the Swap Counterparty 
defaults on its payment obligations in respect of any Swap transaction or the Swap Counterparty becomes 
insolvent), all outstanding Series of ETP Securities will be redeemed early. In such circumstances, an 
amount will be payable by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Agreement equal to the 
sum of the EUR equivalent (to the extent not already denominated in EUR) of the Swap Value of each 
outstanding Swap Transaction as at the Early Termination Date (the “Aggregated Early Termination 
Amount”). The Swap Value in respect of a Swap Transaction will be equal to (i) the Value per ETP Security 
for the relevant Series of ETP Securities connected to such Swap Transaction as at the Early Termination 
Date, multiplied by (ii) the number of ETP Securities outstanding in respect of the relevant Series of ETP 
Securities connected to such Swap Transaction as at the Early Termination Date. Each ETP Security of 
every Series of ETP Securities will be redeemed early and the Early Redemption Amount per ETP Security 
of a Series of ETP Securities will be funded by a pro rata share of such EUR denominated Aggregated 
Early Termination Amount, provided that where a Series of ETP Securities is not denominated in EUR, 
then such pro rata share will need to be converted into the Specified Currency for such Series of ETP 
Securities, with such converted amount funding the Early Redemption Amount per ETP Security for such 
Series of ETP Securities. 
In connection with any such early termination of all outstanding Swap Transactions under the Swap 
Agreement, if the Swap Counterparty has not paid in full the Aggregated Early Termination Amount to the 
Issuer when due, then the Issuer may enforce the security constituted under the Swap Pledge Agreement 
and the Posted Collateral would be available to be sold in order to pay off amounts owing by the Swap 
Counterparty in respect of every Swap Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP 
Securities under the Swap Agreement. 
Payment to the Issuer under any Swap Transaction will be made to such account as the Issuer may direct 
from time to time.

--- Page 527 ---
527 
Tax 
All payments under the Swap Agreement will be made subject to any withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any tax. In the event of any such withholding or deduction relating to an amount payable to the 
Issuer, the amount received by the Issuer under the Swap Agreement will be reduced. 
Disruption Events 
Under the terms of the Swap Agreement, if the Swap Counterparty determines that a Disruption Event in 
respect of a Swap Transaction has occurred or is continuing, it may (but is not obliged to) give notice of its 
determination to the Issuer and the Swap Calculation Agent. If the Swap Counterparty gives a Disruption 
Event Notice to the Issuer and the Swap Calculation Agent, the Swap Calculation Agent may, but is not 
obliged to, determine and notify to the Issuer on the immediately following London and Paris Business Day 
a Closing Index Level in respect of such Series of ETP Securities and Scheduled Valuation Day in 
accordance with the provisions of the Swap Agreement as further described in Condition 9(b). If, however, 
the Swap Calculation Agent does not so determine and notify to the Issuer a Closing Index Level by the 
immediately following London and Paris Business Day, determination of the Closing Index Level for such 
Series of ETP Securities and Scheduled Valuation Day (and each subsequent Disrupted Day) will be 
postponed until such Disruption Event has been resolved or is no longer continuing, or, where such 
Disruption Event continues for nine consecutive Scheduled Valuation Days, until the London and Paris 
Business Day immediately following the end of such nine consecutive Scheduled Valuation Day period. 
Determination and publication of the Swap Value for such Scheduled Valuation Day (and each such 
Disrupted Day) shall also be postponed accordingly. 
Index 
The Index to which a Series of ETP Securities and the Swap Transaction entered into in connection with 
such Series of ETP Securities relates will be specified in the relevant Final Terms and the confirmation 
relating to such Swap Transaction. If the relevant Index is (i) not calculated and announced by the Index 
Sponsor but is calculated and announced by a successor sponsor acceptable to the Swap Calculation 
Agent or (ii) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Swap Calculation Agent, the 
same or a substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of the Index, 
then such successor index or index calculated and announced by the successor sponsor shall be deemed 
to be the Index for the purposes of such Swap Transaction and, pursuant to Condition 10 (Successor Index 
and Index Sponsor), such Series of ETP Securities. 
Term of Swap Transactions 
The initial term of a Swap Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP Securities will be (i) 
the date falling five calendar years after the Series Issue Date of such Series of ETP Securities or (ii) such 
other date as may be specified in the Final Terms. See Condition 11(c) (Term of the Swap Transaction) 
for a description of the provisions relating to the extension of the term, or early termination, of a Swap 
Transaction entered into in connection with a Series of ETP Securities. 
Adjustment Events 
Under the terms of the Swap Agreement, if the Swap Counterparty determines that an Adjustment Event 
in respect of a Swap Transaction has occurred or is continuing, it may (but is not obliged to) give notice of 
its determination to the Issuer and the Swap Calculation Agent. If the Swap Counterparty gives an 
Adjustment Event Notice to the Issuer and the Swap Calculation Agent in respect of any Scheduled 
Valuation Day, the Swap Calculation Agent shall determine as soon as reasonably practicable and in good 
faith and a commercially reasonable manner (i) whether in its opinion it is appropriate to make one or more 
adjustments to any of the terms of such Swap Transaction and/or any of the terms of the Conditions of the 
Series of ETP Securities in connection with which such Swap Transaction was entered into to account for

--- Page 528 ---
528 
the economic effect of the relevant Adjustment Event on such Swap Transaction and such Series of ETP 
Securities and (ii) the nature and effective date of such adjustment(s). 
Swap Pledge Agreement 
The Issuer and the Swap Counterparty have entered into a Belgian law governed pledge agreement dated 
24 June 2019 in relation to the liabilities and obligations owed by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer 
under the Swap Agreement (including all Swap Transactions thereunder) and the Account Control 
Agreement. Under the Swap Pledge Agreement, the Swap Counterparty has granted a security interest 
over the Swap Collateral Accounts and certain of the Swap Counterparty’s rights under the Swap Collateral 
Custody Agreement in favour of the Issuer in respect of the payment or performance by the Swap 
Counterparty of such liabilities and obligations. The Swap Pledge Agreement also sets out, inter alia, 
provisions relating to the creation and enforcement of such security, the rights of the Issuer in relation to 
the secured property and provisions relating to the application of the proceeds derived from the realisation 
of such secured property. See Condition 6(g) (Enforcement of Security Constituted Under the Swap Pledge 
Agreement) for a description of the terms of enforcement of such security and its interaction with the 
Security Deed 
Account Control Agreement 
The Issuer, the Swap Counterparty and the Swap Collateral Custodian have entered into a triparty account 
control agreement dated 29 March 2019, as novated by a deed of novation dated 24 June 2019 between, 
amongst others, the Issuer, the Swap Collateral Custodian and the Swap Counterparty pursuant to which 
the Swap Counterparty will be required, from time to time, to transfer to the Swap Collateral Accounts held 
with the Swap Collateral Custodian securities and/or cash at least equal to the value of the Issuer’s 
exposure under the Swap Agreement. Any collateral to be posted to the Swap Collateral Accounts must 
meet certain eligibility criteria, as set out therein and as further described below. 
The Account Control Agreement sets out the duties of the Swap Collateral Custodian including, amongst 
other things, the obligation to establish and maintain one or more account(s) in the name of the Swap 
Counterparty for the deposit of securities meeting certain eligibility criteria, which account(s) shall be the 
subject of a security interest in favour of the Issuer created pursuant to the Swap Pledge Agreement. 
The Account Control Agreement also:  
 
sets out how the Swap Collateral Custodian will determine, as of any given day, whether there is a 
margin excess or margin deficit and therefore whether Posted Collateral needs to be returned to the 
Swap Counterparty or whether the Swap Counterparty needs to transfer more Eligible Collateral into 
the Swap Collateral Accounts; 
 
the conditions that must be satisfied if the Swap Counterparty would like to replace Posted Collateral 
with other Eligible Collateral or substitution cash (“Substitution Cash”); 
 
provides for how the Issuer or the Swap Counterparty can access the Posted Collateral following an 
enforcement or release, as applicable, of the security over the Posted Collateral and the Swap 
Collateral Accounts; 
 
sets out the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of the Swap Collateral Custodian in respect 
of its duties; 
 
provides that any security interest of the Swap Collateral Custodian over the Posted Collateral and the 
Swap Collateral Accounts for the payment of any fees, charges, expenses and other amounts owed 
to it as Swap Collateral Custodian shall be subordinated to, and rank in order of priority behind, the 
security interest granted by the Swap Counterparty to the Issuer under the Swap Pledge Agreement;

--- Page 529 ---
529 
 
provides that the Swap Collateral Custodian may appoint and utilise sub-custodians and clearing 
systems in connection with its performance thereunder (together with the Swap Collateral Custodian’s 
level of liability with respect to the actions or inactions of such sub-custodians and clearing systems); 
and 
 
sets out the conditions for resignation (upon not less than 90 calendar days’ prior written notice to the 
Issuer and the Swap Counterparty) and termination of the appointment of the Swap Collateral 
Custodian (by written notice from the Issuer that it no longer claims any security interest in the Posted 
Collateral and the Swap Collateral Accounts, by joint written notice from the Issuer and the Swap 
Counterparty that the Swap Pledge Agreement has been terminated or upon termination of the Swap 
Collateral Custody Agreement). 
Eligible Collateral 
Pursuant to the terms of the Account Control Agreement, the following, subject to satisfaction of the eligibility 
criteria (as further described below) will constitute “Eligible Collateral”: 
(a) 
debt securities or obligations issued or guaranteed by any of the governments of Austria, Australia, 
Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, 
New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the United States 
of America, where such government has a long-term issuer rating of not lower than “AA” by S&P or 
“Aa2+” by Moody’s; 
(b) 
supranational bonds issued by the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the 
European Investment Bank, the Council of Europe, the Asian Development Bank or the Inter-American 
Development Bank, in each case provided such issuer has a long-term issuer rating of not lower than 
“AAA” by S&P or “Aaa” by Moody’s; 
(c) 
any (i) convertible or corporate bonds that are linked to shares that are a member of one of the Eligible 
Equity Indices and (ii) covered bonds where the issuer is incorporated  in  Austria, Australia, Belgium, 
Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, New 
Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom or the United States of 
America, in each case where the relevant convertible, corporate or covered bond is rated not lower than 
“A” by S&P or “A2” by Moody’s (“Eligible Securities”); 
(d) 
shares (common, REITs or preferred) that (i) are a member of one of the Eligible Equity Indices (as 
defined below) and (ii) have a market capital of at least USD 1,000,000,000 (being “Eligible Equities”); 
and 
(e) 
cash in USD (being “Eligible Cash”), 
each, a “Permitted Category”.  
“Eligible Equity Indices” means any of the following: 
Country 
Eligible Indices 
Austria 
ATX 
Australia 
All ordinaries Index, S&P/ASX200 Index 
Belgium 
BEL20 
Canada 
S&P/TSE60, S&P/TSX Completion Index, S&P/TSE Composite 
Denmark 
OMXC20, OMX COPENHAGEN BMARK (OMXCB) 
Europe 
DJ Euro Stoxx 600, DJ Euro Stoxx 50, FTSE Eurotop100

--- Page 530 ---
530 
Country 
Eligible Indices 
Finland 
OMX HELSINKI, OMXH TECHNOLOGY 
France 
CAC40, CAC All Shares 
Hong Kong 
HANG SENG CHINA AFFILIATED CORP, HANG SENG CHINA 
ENTERPRISES, HANG SENG, Hang Seng REIT, S&P/HKEX LARGE 
CAP INDEX, S&P/HKEX GEM INDEX, HANG SENG COMPOSITE INDEX 
Germany 
DAX, CDAX, HDAX, MDAX 
Ireland 
ISEQ 
Italy 
FTSE MIB, FTSE Italia All Shares 
Japan 
NIKKEI 225, Topix 
Luxembourg 
LuxX 
Netherlands 
AEX, AMSTERDAM MIDKAP INDEX 
New Zealand 
NZSX50 
Norway 
OBX 25 
Portugal 
PSI20 
Spain 
IBEX35, MADRID SE GENERAL 
Sweden 
OMXS30 
Switzerland 
SMI, SPI 
UK 
FTSE100, FTSE250, FTSE AIM All Share 
USA 
S&P500, DJ Industrial, DJ Composite, Russell 3000, NASDAQ100, NYSE 
COMPOSITE 
  
Certain eligibility criteria shall apply to the assets listed above in order to constitute Eligible Collateral. 
These include:  
 
for Eligible Securities or Eligible Equities, none of such securities or obligations may be a security 
or obligation of the following ultimate parent companies: Bank of New York (Bloomberg code 
100164), Natixis S.A. (Bloomberg code 115333) and Groupe BPCE (Bloomberg code 16774322);  
 
certain concentration limits will apply depending on the category of the asset listed above so as to 
ensure the Posted Collateral is diversified in its exposure to a particular issuer (as explained further 
below); and 
 
for Eligible Equities, liquidity parameters must be met in respect of its average daily trading volume 
(as explained further below).  
Concentration limits 
The Posted Collateral may not, at any time, comprise an amount of Eligible Collateral falling into a Permitted 
Category in excess of its permitted concentration limit, as follows: 
(i) 
in respect of Eligible Collateral falling into (a) above, 100% in total, provided that debt securities or 
obligations issued or guaranteed by a single sovereign Issuer cannot represent more than 25% of 
the Posted Collateral (except for the United States of America which may represent 100%);

--- Page 531 ---
531 
(ii) 
in respect of Eligible Collateral falling into (b) above, 100% in total, provided that the amount of any 
such Eligible Collateral posted cannot represent more than 2.5% of the aggregated amount of any 
issuance program; 
(iii) 
in respect of Eligible Securities, 100% in total, provided that the amount of Eligible Securities and 
Eligible Equities issued by any one entity and forming part of the Posted Collateral cannot have an 
aggregated value in excess of (A) 5% of the Posted Collateral or (B) USD 30,000,000; and 
(iv) 
in respect of Eligible Equities, 100% in total, provided that the amount of Eligible Securities and 
Eligible Equities issued by any one entity and forming part of the Posted Collateral cannot have an 
aggregated value in excess of (A) 5% of the Posted Collateral or (B) USD 30,000,000. 
Liquidity parameters 
In respect of Eligible Equities, the amount of any Eligible Equity posted cannot represent more than 100% of 
the Average Daily Volume of such Eligible Equity, as measured over the previous 30 trading days. 
Margin percentages 
The margin percentage in relation to any item of Eligible Collateral will be as follows: 
(i) 
in respect of Eligible Collateral falling into (a) above, 100% for the first five years, 101% for the next 
five years and 102% thereafter; 
(ii) 
in respect of Eligible Collateral falling into (b) above, 100% for the first five years, 101% for the next 
five years and 102% thereafter; 
(iii) 
in respect of Eligible Securities, 103%; 
(iv) 
in respect of Eligible Equities, 105%; and 
(v) 
in respect of Eligible Cash, 100%.

--- Page 532 ---
532 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of ETP Securities of a Series of ETP Securities will be used to enter into 
a Swap Transaction relating to such Series of ETP Securities (or increase the economic exposure under 
such Swap Transaction) pursuant to the Swap Agreement.

--- Page 533 ---
533 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
The Issuer is a public limited company incorporated as a special purpose vehicle on 17 July 2017 and 
registered under the Companies Act 2014 (as amended), registration number 608059. The Issuer has 
been incorporated for an indefinite period. The registered office of the Issuer is at 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, 
Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1 (Tel: +353 1 614 6240). The authorised share capital of the Issuer is 
Euro 100,000,000 divided into 100,000,000 ordinary shares of Euro 1 each, 25,000 of which have been 
issued and partly paid up to the amount of Euro 6,250. All of the issued ordinary shares are held by TMF 
Management (Ireland) Limited as share trustee (the “Share Trustee”). Under the terms of a declaration of 
trust (the “Declaration of Trust”) dated on or about 6 March 2019, the Share Trustee holds all the issued 
shares held by it on trust for charitable purposes. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in and 
derives no benefit (other than its fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding of the shares of the 
Issuer. 
Business 
The Issuer has not engaged, since its incorporation, in any activities other than those incidental to its 
incorporation, the accession to the Programme, the authorisation and issue of securities, the matters 
referred to or contemplated in this Base Prospectus and the authorisation, execution, delivery and 
performance of the other documents to which it is or will be a party and matters which are incidental or 
ancillary to the foregoing. The principal objects of the Issuer are set forth in its Memorandum of Association 
and include, inter alia, the issuance of financial instruments, the acquisition of financial assets and the 
entering into of other legally binding arrangements. So long as any of the obligations of the Issuer remain 
outstanding, the Issuer will not, inter alia, (a) enter into any business whatsoever, other than acquiring, 
issuing ETP Securities or creating other obligations or entering into a similar limited recourse transaction, 
entering into related agreements and transactions and performing any act incidental to or in connection 
with the foregoing, (b) have any subsidiaries, (c) have any employees or (d) dispose of any Collateral or 
any interest therein or create any mortgage, charge or security interest or right of recourse in respect 
thereof in favour of any person (other than contemplated by the Base Prospectus), provided that nothing 
shall limit the ability of either the Issuer or the Trustee on behalf of the Issuer from entering into any 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or 
perform any act incidental or necessary thereto to comply with such agreement. 
Authorised and Issued Share Capital  
The following table sets forth the authorised and issued share capital of the Issuer as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus: 
Shareholders’ Funds 
EUR €
Share Capital 
Authorised: 
100,000,000
Issued: 
25,000
Directors  
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Function 
Business Address 
Principal Occupation
Romira Hoxha 
Director 
3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park 
Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1 
Director 
Jason Lee 
Director  
3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park 
Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1 
Director

--- Page 534 ---
534 
TMF Administration Services Limited of 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1 is 
the administrator of the Issuer. Its duties include the provision of certain administrative and related services. 
The appointment of the administrator may be terminated on two months’ written notice for a “no-fault” 
termination or immediately for a “fault” termination and the administrator may retire upon two months’ 
written notice subject to the appointment of an alternative administrator. TMF Administration Services 
Limited is secretary to the Issuer. 
Financial Statements  
The Issuer published its audited financial statements in respect of the period ending 30 June 2021 on 28 
October 2021. Such audited financial statements are available in printed form free of charge during the 
hours between 09:00 and 17:00 (GMT) on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted) at the registered office of the Issuer. 
The auditors of the Issuer, Grant Thornton of 13-18 City Quay, Dublin 2, D02 ED70, Ireland, are Chartered 
Accountants authorised and regulated by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland for designated 
investment business.

--- Page 535 ---
535 
INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
The information in this section has been accurately reproduced from information published by Natixis and 
has been included to provide disclosure for where Natixis acts as the Swap Counterparty. So far as the 
Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by Natixis, no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information misleading. 
Natixis S.A. (“Natixis”) is domiciled at 30, avenue Pierre Mendes-France, 75013 Paris, France. It is 
incorporated in, and operates under the laws of, France as a joint stock company and is wholly owned by 
Group BPCE, the second largest banking group in France. 
Natixis is the international corporate and investment banking, asset management, insurance and financial 
services arm of Groupe BPCE. 
Natixis has several areas of expertise that are organised into four main businesses: 
• 
asset & wealth management; 
• 
corporate & investment banking; 
• 
insurance; and  
• 
specialised financial services. 
Natixis confirms the issuance of EMTNs from time to time on the following markets:  
Frankfurt; Nasdaq OMX Helsinki; Luxembourg Stock Exchange; Nyse Euronext Paris; Euro MTF Market; 
Milan; Sedex; Sedex Milan; NDX; Nasdaq OMX; Euronext Access; Taipei. The total amount issued is 
roughly equal to EUR 9.140 billion. 
The consolidated Group BPCE financial results are accessible at: 
https://groupebpce.com/en/investors/results-and-publications/results-presentations

--- Page 536 ---
536 
TAXATION 
The following is a summary of certain aspects of the tax treatment in respect of payments of the Issuer 
and amounts paid in respect of the ETP Securities by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by it) in accordance 
with the terms and conditions of such ETP Securities, based on the laws and practices currently in force 
which are subject to change after the date of this Base Prospectus and which changes could be made on 
a retrospective basis. It is limited to the country of incorporation of the Issuer and those countries in which 
admission to trading may be sought or offers for which a prospectus is required under the Prospectus 
Regulation may be made pursuant to this Base Prospectus. 
It does not relate to any other tax consequences or to withholdings in respect of payments by other persons 
(such as custodians, depositaries or other intermediaries) unless otherwise specified. Particular rules may 
apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding the ETP Securities. The summary does not purport to be 
exhaustive and does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature 
only. With respect to certain structured financial instruments, such as the ETP Securities, it may be the 
case that in certain jurisdictions there is currently neither case law nor comments of the financial authorities 
as to the tax treatment of such financial instruments. Accordingly, there is a risk that the relevant financial 
authorities and courts or the paying agents in such jurisdictions may adopt a view different from that 
summarised below. Each investor should consult a tax adviser as to the tax consequences relating to its 
particular circumstances resulting from the purchase, holding, sale and redemption of the ETP Securities 
and the receipt of payments thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
All payments in respect of the ETP Securities by the Issuer or by an agent appointed by the Issuer will be 
subject to any applicable withholding taxes. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Transaction Party makes any representation or warranty as to the 
tax consequences to any investor of the acquisition, holding or disposal of the ETP Securities. The tax 
consequences for each investor in the ETP Securities can be different and therefore investors and 
counterparties are advised to consult with their tax advisers as to their specific consequences. 
 
Prospective investors should be aware that the acquisition, holding, transfer or disposal of the ETP 
Securities, and / or receipt of payments under ETP Securities may result in tax consequences to 
any investor, which may arise in, but are not limited to, the jurisdiction of the Issuer or the 
jurisdiction of residence, domicile, citizenship or incorporation of the relevant investor.  
Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers concerning such possible 
tax consequences. 
Information Reporting 
Information relating to the ETP Securities, their holders and beneficial owners may be required to be 
provided to tax authorities in certain circumstances pursuant to domestic or international reporting and 
transparency regimes. This may include (but is not limited to) information relating to the value of the ETP 
Securities, amounts paid or credited with respect to the ETP Securities, details of the holders or beneficial 
owners of the ETP Securities and information and documents in connection with transactions relating to 
the ETP Securities. In certain circumstances, the information obtained by a tax authority may be provided 
to tax authorities in other countries. 
United States 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
“foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru 
payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer 
is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions have entered into, or have

--- Page 537 ---
537 
agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA 
(“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the ETP Securities, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the ETP Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the ETP 
Securities, such withholding would not apply to foreign passthru payments prior to 1 January 2019. The 
Issuer intends to treat the ETP Securities as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and pursuant to 
the terms and conditions, Securityholders agree to do the same) and accordingly, the ETP Securities will 
not be eligible for grandfathering under FATCA. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant 
to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the ETP Securities, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
FATCA is particularly complex and its application is uncertain at this time. Prospective investors 
should consult their tax advisers on how these rules may apply to the Issuer and to payments they 
may receive in connection with the ETP Securities. 
Germany 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the purchasing, holding and 
disposing of the ETP Securities. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations 
relating to the ETP Securities. In particular, this discussion does not consider any specific facts or 
circumstances that may apply to a particular holder of the ETP Securities. The discussions that follow are 
based upon the applicable German laws in force and their interpretation on the date of this Base 
Prospectus. These tax laws and interpretations are subject to change that may occur after such date, even 
with retrospective effect. 
Prospective holders of the ETP Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to the particular tax 
consequences of subscribing, purchasing, holding and disposing the ETP Securities, including the 
application and effect of any federal, state or local taxes, under the tax laws of Germany and each country 
of which they are residents or citizens. 
Income Tax 
ETP Securities Held by Tax Residents as Private Assets 
In case the ETP Securities are held as private assets (Privatvermögen) by an individual investor whose 
residence or habitual abode is in Germany, any amounts received with respect to the ETP Securities 
(including default interest (if any)) are qualified as proceeds from receivables (Erträge aus sonstigen 
Kapitalforderungen). Although the German income tax code distinguishes between the taxation of current 
proceeds from receivables and the taxation of capital gains from receivables, all proceeds are taxed as 
capital investment income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) at a 25 per cent. flat tax (Abgeltungsteuer) 
(plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and, if applicable to the individual 
investor, church tax).  
Individual investors are entitled to a tax allowance (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) for amounts treated as 
investment income of €801 per year (€1,602 for jointly assessed individual investors). The tax allowance 
is considered for purposes of the withholding tax if the investor files a withholding tax exemption request 
(Freistellungsauftrag) with the respective Domestic Paying Agent (as described below) where the 
securities deposit account to which the ETP Securities are allocated is held. The deduction of the effective 
income related expenses for tax purposes is not possible.  
Capital losses from the sale or redemption of the ETP Securities held as private assets should generally 
be tax-recognised irrespective of the holding period of the ETP Securities. According to the view of German 
tax authorities losses suffered upon a bad debt loss (Forderungsausfall) and a waiver of a receivable

--- Page 538 ---
538 
(Forderungsverzicht) (to the extent the waiver does not qualify as a hidden contribution) shall, in general, 
not be deductible for tax purposes. With respect to a bad debt loss the German federal tax court has 
recently rejected the view of German tax authorities. With respect to a (voluntary) waiver of receivable a 
lower German fiscal court confirmed the view of German tax authorities in a final decision. Furthermore, 
capital losses might not be recognised by the German tax authorities if the ETP Securities are sold or 
redeemed at a market price, which is lower than the transaction costs or if the level of transaction costs is 
restricted because of a mutual agreement that the transaction costs are calculated by subtracting a certain 
amount from the sales price. This view has however been challenged in 2014 by a final judgement of a 
German lower fiscal court. Any tax-recognised capital losses may not be used to offset other income like 
employment or business income but may only be offset against investment income. Capital losses not 
utilised in one annual assessment period may be carried forward into subsequent assessment periods but 
may not be carried back into preceding assessment periods. 
The flat tax is generally collected by way of withholding. If the ETP Securities are kept or administered in 
a domestic securities deposit account by a German credit or financial services institution (or by a German 
branch of a foreign credit or financial services institution), or by a German securities trading firm 
(Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen) or a German securities trading bank (Wertpapierhandelsbank) 
(together, the “Domestic Paying Agent”) since their acquisition, a 25 per cent. withholding tax, plus a 5.5 
per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon (and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax), is levied on 
capital gains from the sale or redemption of the ETP Securities and default interest (if any), resulting in a 
total withholding tax charge of 26.375 per cent. If the ETP Securities were sold or redeemed after being 
transferred to a securities deposit account with a Domestic Paying Agent, the 25 per cent. withholding tax 
(plus solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax) would be levied 
on 30 per cent. of the proceeds from the sale or the redemption, as the case may be, unless the investor 
or the previous account bank was able and allowed to provide evidence for the investor’s actual acquisition 
costs to the new Domestic Paying Agent. The applicable withholding tax rate is in excess of the 
aforementioned rate if church tax is applicable to the individual investor. In this case the collection of church 
tax on capital gains from the sale or redemption of the ETP Securities and default interest (if any) is 
provided for as a standard procedure unless the noteholder has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with 
the German Federal Central Tax Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern). 
If no Domestic Paying Agent (as defined above) is involved in the payment process or if no or not sufficient 
withholding tax is withheld by a Domestic Paying Agent, the Securityholder will have to include its income 
from the ETP Securities in its tax return and the flat income tax of 25 per cent., plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity 
surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax, will be collected by way of 
assessment. 
Payment of the flat tax will generally satisfy any income tax liability of the Securityholders in respect of 
such investment income. Securityholders may apply for a tax assessment on the basis of general rules 
applicable to them if the resulting income tax burden is lower than 25 per cent. 
Please note that the coalition agreement between the German christdemocratic party and the German 
socialdemocratic party for the formation of a new German federal government provides that the flat tax 
regime shall be partially abolished for certain capital investment income. The coalition agreement further 
provides that the solidarity surcharge shall be abolished in stages provided that the individual income does 
not exceed certain thresholds. There is however no draft bill available yet and a lot of details are hence 
still unclear. That means however that income received by investors holding the ETP Securities as private 
assets may be taxed at individual progressive income tax rates of up to 45 per cent. in the future (plus a 
5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon, unless abolished or reduced in the future, and church tax, if 
applicable to the individual investor).

--- Page 539 ---
539 
ETP Securities Held by Tax Residents as Business Assets 
If the ETP Securities are held as business assets (Betriebsvermögen) by an individual or corporate investor 
that is tax resident in Germany (i.e. persons whose residence, habitual abode, statutory seat, or place of 
effective management and control is located in Germany), capital gains from the sale or redemption of the 
ETP Securities and default interest (if any) are subject to personal or corporate income tax (plus solidarity 
surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax). Losses realised on the sale or 
redemption of the ETP Securities may be offset in particular against items of positive income under the 
general tax rules or deducted as part of losses carried back or forward, although the minimum taxation 
rules (Section 10d(1), (2) EStG) must be observed. Capital gains from the sale or redemption of the ETP 
Securities and default interest (if any) will also be subject to trade tax. 
No withholding is generally required on capital gains from the sale or redemption of ETP Securities derived 
by German resident corporate Securityholders and upon application by individual Securityholders holding 
the ETP Securities as domestic business assets. Apart from that if a Domestic Paying Agent (as defined 
above) is involved in the payment process tax at a rate of 25 per cent. (plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity 
surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the individual investor, church tax) will also be withheld from capital 
gains from the sale or redemption of the ETP Securities and default interest (if any). With respect to church 
tax applicable to an individual investor please see above under “ETP Securities Held by Tax Residents as 
Private Assets”. Any German withholding tax (including surcharges) is generally fully creditable against the 
investor’s personal or corporate income tax liability or refundable, as the case may be.  
ETP Securities Held by Non-tax Residents 
Amounts derived from the ETP Securities by holders who are not tax resident in Germany are in general 
exempt from German income taxation, and no withholding tax shall be withheld, unless (i) the ETP 
Securities are held as business assets of a German permanent establishment of the investor or by a 
permanent German representative of the investor, or (ii) the income is paid by a Domestic Paying Agent 
against presentation of the ETP Securities (if applicable) (so-called over-the-counter transaction, 
Tafelgeschäft). 
If the income derived from the ETP Securities is subject to German taxation according to (i) or (ii) above, 
the income is subject to German income taxation and withholding tax similar to that described above for 
German tax residents. Under certain circumstances, foreign investors may benefit from tax reductions or 
tax exemptions under applicable double tax treaties (Doppelbesteuerungsabkommen) entered into with 
Germany. 
Investment Tax Act 
According to the German Investment Tax Act, the Issuer would qualify as foreign investment fund for 
German Investment Tax Act purposes if it qualifies as an AIF under the EU AIFMD. In this case, it can not 
be excluded that Securityholders will be taxed on the basis of any annual increase in the value of the 
relevant Index even if such increase in value has not yet been realised by the Issuer or distributed to a 
Securityholder. If an ETP Security is subsequently sold or redeemed and any increase in value of the 
relevant Index is realised the taxable capital gain from the sale or redemption of the ETP Securities will be 
reduced accordingly. It is however also possible that only virtual gains will be subject to tax at a level of a 
Securityholder, which have never been realised, if the value of the relevant Index subsequently decreases 
again until the sale or redemption of an ETP Security. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
The transfer of the ETP Securities to another person by way of gift or inheritance may be subject to German 
gift or inheritance tax, respectively, if inter alia

--- Page 540 ---
540 
(i) 
the testator, the donor, the heir, the donee or any other acquirer had his residence, habitual abode 
or, in case of a corporation, association (Personenvereinigung) or estate (Vermögensmasse), has 
its seat or place of management in Germany at the time of the transfer of property, 
(ii) 
except as provided under (i), the testator's or donor's ETP Securities belong to business assets 
attributable to a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Germany. 
Special regulations may apply to certain German expatriates. 
Prospective investors are urged to consult with their tax advisor to determine the particular inheritance or 
gift tax consequences in light of their particular circumstances. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration, values added or similar taxes or duties will be payable in Germany in 
connection with the issuance, delivery or execution of the ETP Securities. However, under certain 
circumstances entrepreneurs may choose liability to value added tax with regard to the sale of the ETP 
Securities to other entrepreneurs which would otherwise be tax exempt. Currently, net assets tax 
(Vermögensteuer) is not levied in Germany. 
Ireland 
The following is a summary of certain Irish tax consequences of the purchase, ownership and disposition 
of the ETP Securities. The summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all of the tax 
considerations that may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the ETP Securities. The 
summary relates only to the position of persons who are the absolute beneficial owners of the ETP 
Securities and may not apply to certain other classes of persons such as dealers in securities. 
The summary is based upon Irish tax laws and the practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners as in 
effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to prospective or retroactive change. The 
summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only. 
Prospective investors in the ETP Securities should consult their own advisors as to the Irish or other tax 
consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition of the ETP Securities including, in 
particular, the effect of any state or local tax laws. 
Income Tax 
In general, persons who are resident in Ireland are liable to Irish taxation on their world-wide income 
whereas persons who are not resident in Ireland are only liable to Irish taxation on their Irish source income. 
All persons are under a statutory obligation to account for Irish taxation on a self-assessment basis and 
there is no requirement for the Irish Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an assessment. 
An ETP Security issued by the Issuer may be regarded as property situate in Ireland (and hence Irish 
source income) on the grounds that a debt is deemed to be situate where the debtor resides. However, 
the interest earned on such ETP Securities is exempt from income tax if paid to a person who is not a 
resident of Ireland and who for the purposes of Section 198 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as 
amended) (“TCA 1997”) is regarded as being a resident of a relevant territory. A relevant territory for this 
purpose is a Member State of the European Communities (other than Ireland) or not being such a Member 
State a territory with which Ireland has entered into a double tax treaty that has the force of law or, on 
completion of the necessary procedures, will have the force of law and such double tax treaty contains an 
article dealing with interest or income from debt claims. A list of the countries with which Ireland has entered 
into a double tax treaty is available on www.revenue.ie. 
Relief from Irish income tax may also be available under other exemptions contained in Irish tax legislation 
or under the specific provisions of a double tax treaty between Ireland and the country of residence of the 
holder of the ETP Security.

--- Page 541 ---
541 
If the above exemptions do not apply it is understood that there is a long standing unpublished practice 
whereby no action will be taken to pursue any liability to such Irish tax in respect of persons who are 
regarded as not being resident in Ireland except where such persons: 
(a) are chargeable in the name of a person (including a trustee) or in the name of an agent or branch in 
Ireland having the management or control of the interest; or 
(b) seek to claim relief and / or repayment of tax deducted at source in respect of taxed income from Irish 
sources; or  
(c) are chargeable to Irish corporation tax on the income of an Irish branch or agency or to income tax on 
the profits of a trade carried on in Ireland to which the interest is attributable. 
There can be no assurance that this practice will continue to apply. 
Withholding Taxes 
In general, withholding tax (currently at the rate of 20%.) must be deducted from interest payments made 
by an Irish company such as the Issuer. However, Section 246 TCA 1997 (“Section 246”) provides that 
this general obligation to withhold tax does not apply in respect of, inter alia, interest payments made by 
the Issuer to a person, who by virtue of the law of the relevant territory, is resident for the purposes of tax 
in a relevant territory (see above for details). This exemption does not apply if the interest is paid to a 
company in connection with a trade or business which is carried on in Ireland by the company through a 
branch or agency. 
Apart from Section 246, Section 64 TCA 1997 (“Section 64”) provides for the payment of interest on a 
“Quoted Eurobond” without deduction of tax in certain circumstances. A Quoted Eurobond is defined in 
Section 64 as a security which: 
(a) is issued by a company; 
(b) is quoted on a recognised stock exchange (this term is not defined but is understood to mean an 
exchange which is recognised in the country in which it is established such as the London Stock 
Exchange or the Italian Stock Exchange); and 
(c) carries a right to interest. 
There is no obligation to withhold tax on Quoted Eurobonds where: 
(a) the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or  
(b) the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and  
(c) the Quoted Eurobond is held in a recognised clearing system (Euroclear, Clearstream Banking SA, 
Clearstream Banking AG and the Depository Trust Company of New York have, amongst others, been 
designated as recognised clearing systems); or 
(d) the person who is the beneficial owner of the Quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially entitled to the 
interest is not resident in Ireland and has made an appropriate written declaration to this effect. 
In certain circumstances, Irish encashment tax may be required to be withheld at the current rate of 25% 
from interest on any ETP Security, where such interest is collected by a person in Ireland on behalf of any 
holder of ETP Securities. 
Capital Gains Tax 
A holder of ETP Securities will not be subject to Irish taxes on capital gains provided that such holder is 
neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and such holder does not have an enterprise, or an interest

--- Page 542 ---
542 
in an enterprise, which carries on business in Ireland through a branch or agency or a permanent 
representative to which or to whom the ETP Securities are attributable. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
If the ETP Securities are comprised in a gift or inheritance taken from an Irish domiciled, resident or 
ordinarily resident disponer or if the donee / successor is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, or if any 
of the ETP Securities are regarded as property situate in Ireland, the donee / successor may be liable to 
Irish capital acquisitions tax. As a result, a donee / successor may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax, 
even though neither the disponer nor the donee / successor may be domiciled, resident or ordinarily 
resident in Ireland at the relevant time. 
Stamp duty 
For as long as the Issuer is a qualifying company within the meaning of Section 110 TCA 1997, no Irish 
stamp duty will be payable on either the issue or transfer of the ETP Securities, provided that the money 
raised by the issue of the ETP Securities is used in the course of the Issuer’s business. 
Provision of Information 
Generally 
Holders of ETP Securities should be aware that where any amounts regarded as interest under Irish law 
or other payment on ETP Securities is paid to them by or through an Irish paying agent or collection agent 
then the relevant person may be required to supply the Irish Revenue Commissioners with details of the 
payment and certain details relating to the holder. Where the holder of the ETP Securities is not Irish 
resident, the details provided to the Irish Revenue Commissioners may, in certain cases, be passed by 
them to the tax authorities of the jurisdiction in which the holder is resident for taxation purposes. 
Italy 
With regard to certain innovative or structured financial instruments there is currently no case law as to the 
tax treatment of such financial instruments. Accordingly, it cannot be excluded that the Italian tax authorities 
will change its current view, as specified below, and courts will adopt a view different from that outlined 
below. All of the following is subject to change, which change could apply retroactively and could affect the 
continued validity of this summary. Because it is a general summary, it does not purport to be a complete 
analysis of all tax considerations that may be relevant to the decision to purchase, own or dispose of the 
ETP Securities, nor does it purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
prospective beneficial owners of ETP Securities, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
Securityholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the Italian or other tax consequences of the 
purchase, holding and disposition of ETP Securities including, in particular, the application to their specific 
situations of the tax consequences discussed below. 
This summary assumes that the Issuer is not a tax resident nor deemed to be a tax resident of Italy and 
that it has no permanent establishment within the Italian territory. 
Italian corporate and individual income tax 
Provided that the ETP Securities qualify broadly as derivative instruments for the purposes of Italian tax 
law, which they are expected to do, the following consequences apply to a Securityholder pursuant to 
Article 67(1)(c-quarter) of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as subsequently amended, 
and according to the Italian tax authority’s Resolution no. 72/E of 12 July 2010.  
According to Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, where the Italian resident Securityholder 
is: (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the ETP Securities are connected, 
(ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (iv) an investor

--- Page 543 ---
543 
exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, capital gains realised on the sale or redemption of the ETP 
Securities are subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva).  
In this respect, Securityholders who are Italian resident individuals may opt for three different taxation 
regimes (regime della dichiarazione, regime del risparmio amministrato, regime del risparmio gestito). This 
option may result in certain impacts that the prospective investors should consider with their tax advisers. 
In particular, provided that certain conditions are met, the depository is responsible for accounting for 
imposta sostitutiva and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the 
taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Securityholder or 
using funds provided by the Securityholder for this purpose. Under certain conditions, capital losses may 
be deducted from the above-mentioned capital gains. 
Where an Italian resident Securityholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or the Italian permanent 
establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the ETP Securities are effectively connected, capital 
gains arising from the ETP Securities will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
relevant Securityholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to Italian corporate tax (IRES, 
currently applicable at a rate of 24 per cent.) and, in certain cases, depending on the status of such holder, 
may also have to be included in its taxable base for regional tax purposes (IRAP, currently applicable at a 
rate of 3.9 per cent). The IRAP rate may be increased in certain Italian regions; IRAP rate has also been 
increased by article 23(5) of Law Decree no. 98 of 6 July 2011 to 4.65 per cent. for banks and other 
financial institutions and to 5.9 per cent. for the insurance companies as indicated, respectively, under 
article 6 and article 7 of Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 December 1997). 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Securityholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
are not subject to Italian taxation, if (i) the ETP Securities are held outside of Italy, (ii) the ETP Securities 
have been deposited in Italy and are traded on a regulated market or (iii) the ETP Securities have been 
deposited in Italy but are not traded on a regulated market and the beneficial owner of proceeds from the 
relevant ETP Securities complies with certain filing requirements and is a resident of a country which is 
included in the list of jurisdictions allowing exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities as 
provided under the relevant list which is contained in a specific Ministerial Decree and in the following 
periodical updates. 
Should the ETP Securities be deemed to constitute units in foreign investment funds, proceeds from capital 
deriving from the ETP Securities should be included in the taxable income of the Italian resident recipient 
and may be subject to a 26 per cent. withholding tax applied by Italian resident entities, if any, which 
intervene in the payment of the relevant proceeds as well as in the repurchase or negotiation of the ETP 
Securities. 
Italian inheritance and gift taxes 
Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, which has converted into law, with amendments, Law Decree No. 262 
of 3 October 2006, has introduced inheritance and gift tax to be paid at the transfer of assets (such as the 
ETP Securities) and rights by reason of death or gift. 
As regards the inheritance and gift tax to be paid at the transfer of the ETP Securities by reason of death 
or gift, the following rates apply: 
(i) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct relatives are subject to a rate of 4 
per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 1,000,000.00 for each transferor; 
(ii) 
transfers in favour of brothers and sisters are subject to a rate of 6 per cent. on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000.00 for each transferor; 
(iii) 
transfers in favour of relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are 
subject to a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift;

--- Page 544 ---
544 
(iv) 
any other transfer is subject to a rate of 8 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; 
and 
(v) 
transfers in favour of seriously disabled persons are subject to a tax at the relevant rate as described 
above on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 1,500,000.00 for each transferor. 
Moreover, an anti-avoidance rule is provided by Law No. 383 of 18 October 2001 for any gift of assets 
(such as the ETP Securities) which, if sold for consideration, would give rise to capital gains subject to the 
imposta sostitutiva provided for by Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997. In particular, if the 
donee sells the ETP Securities for consideration within five years from the receipt thereof as a gift, the 
donee is required to pay the relevant imposta sostitutiva on capital gains as if the gift had never taken 
place. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13. Paragraph 2-ter, of the Tariff Part I Presidential Decree 26 October 1972, No. 642, 
as subsequently amended, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting 
communications sent by financial intermediaries, carrying out their business activity within the Italian 
territory, to their clients for ETP Securities deposited therewith. The stamp duty applies at the current rate 
of 0.2 per cent.; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or — if no market value 
figure is available — the nominal value or redemption amount of the ETP Securities held. If the client is 
not an individual, the stamp duty cannot be higher than € 14,000.00. 
It may be understood that the stamp duty applies both to Italian resident and non-Italian resident investors, 
to the extent that the ETP Securities are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree  No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with amendments by Law 
No. 214 of 22 December 2011, Italian resident individuals, non commercial entties and partnerships and 
similar entities holding the ETP Securities outside the Italian territory are required to pay in its own annual 
tax returns an additional tax at the current rate of 0.2 per cent. for each year.  
This tax is calculated on the market value of the ETP Securities at the end of the relevant year or — if no 
market value figure is available — the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held 
outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of any 
wealth tax paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth 
tax due).  The maximum wealth tax amount due is set at €14,000.00 per year for taxpayers other than 
individuals. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian-resident individuals (and certain other entities) are required to report in their yearly income tax 
return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments by Law No. 227 of 
4 August 1990 (“Decree 167”), for tax monitoring purposes, the amount of notes held abroad (or 
beneficially owned abroad under Italian anti-money laundering provisions). This also applies in the case 
that at the end of the tax year, notes are no longer held by the above Italian-resident individuals and 
entities. 
However, the above reporting obligation is not required in case the financial assets are deposited for 
management with Italian banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies or other professional intermediaries, indicated 
in Article 1 of Decree 167, or if one of such intermediaries intervenes as a counterpart in their transfer, 
provided that income deriving from such financial assets is collected thorough the intervention of such an 
intermediary.

--- Page 545 ---
545 
United Kingdom 
The following is a summary of the Issuer’s understanding of current United Kingdom tax law and United 
Kingdom HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) practice as at the date of this Base Prospectus relating to 
certain aspects of the United Kingdom tax treatment of ETP Securities. The comments do not deal with 
other United Kingdom tax aspects of acquiring, holding or disposing of ETP Securities. 
The following summary relates to investors who are individuals (i.e. natural persons) acting in a private 
capacity and who are resident and domiciled in the United Kingdom for tax purposes (“UK Individuals”) 
or that are legal persons within the charge to United Kingdom corporation tax and hold ETP Securities as 
an investment. The summary relates only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of 
ETP Securities and does not deal with the position of certain categories of investor, such as dealers and 
persons connected with the Issuer.  
This summary is intended only as a general guide and investors and prospective investors are 
strongly urged to seek tax advice from appropriate professional advisers regarding an investment 
in ETP Securities, including as to how any Series of ETP Securities will be classified for tax 
purposes and the tax consequences of such classification.  
Investors and prospective investors in ETP Securities should be aware that the particular terms of issue of 
any Series of ETP Securities as specified in the relevant Final Terms may affect how that Series of ETP 
Securities is classified for United Kingdom tax purposes and, in general, the United Kingdom tax treatment 
of that Series of ETP Securities. The United Kingdom tax position of specific holders of ETP Securities will 
depend on their own specific circumstances. Accordingly, the following is a general guide and should be 
treated with appropriate caution. 
The comments below are made on the assumption that the Issuer is neither resident in the United Kingdom 
for United Kingdom tax purposes nor carrying on a trade in the United Kingdom for United Kingdom tax 
purposes. This summary is subject to any change in law or HMRC practice that may take effect after the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors and prospective investors who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the United 
Kingdom in respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal (including a redemption) of ETP Securities 
should also consult their professional advisers as to whether they are so liable (and if so under the laws of 
which jurisdictions), since the following comments relate only to certain United Kingdom taxation aspects 
in respect of the ETP Securities. In particular, investors and prospective investors should be aware that 
they may be liable to taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom and other jurisdictions in relation to 
payments in respect of the ETP Securities even if such payments may be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of taxation under the laws of the United Kingdom. 
Withholding tax 
The Issuer may make payments in respect of any Series of ETP Securities, which fall to be treated as 
payments of interest for UK income tax purposes without deduction or withholding for or on account of 
United Kingdom tax where such payments do not have a “UK source”. 
If payments, which are treated as payments of interest for UK income tax purposes, have a “UK source”, 
such payments made by the Issuer in respect of any Series of ETP Securities may nevertheless be made 
without deduction or withholding for or on account of United Kingdom tax if  and for so long as that Series 
is listed on a “recognised stock exchange” within the meaning of section 1005 of the Income Tax Act 2007 
(“ITA 2007”). The London Stock Exchange is, amongst other stock exchanges, a recognised stock 
exchange for these purposes and, therefore, payments of interest in respect of ETP Securities may be

--- Page 546 ---
546 
made without withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom tax if, and for so long as, such 
ETP Securities are listed on the London Stock Exchange or any other recognised stock exchange. 
Payments of interest under any Series of ETP Securities may have a “UK source” depending on 
circumstances such as the nature and location of the Posted Collateral and other circumstances.  
If a Series of ETP Securities ceases to be listed on the London stock exchange, or other recognised stock 
exchange, any payments of interest made on such series that have a UK source will generally be paid by 
the Issuer under deduction of income tax at the basic rate (currently 20  per cent) unless another relief 
applies under UK domestic legislation or the Issuer has received a direction to the contrary from HM 
Revenue & Customs in respect of such relief as may be available pursuant to the provisions of any 
applicable double tax treaty. 
Tax treatment of investors in ETP Securities 
The UK tax treatment of the ETP Securities is uncertain. No discussions have taken place with HMRC 
regarding whether any gains arising to UK Individuals or investors within the charge to corporation tax 
should be treated as being of an income or capital nature for UK tax purposes. Various Series of ETP 
Securities have been registered with HMRC as “reporting offshore funds” under the Offshore Funds (Tax) 
Regulations 2009 (SI 2009/3001). Even if the Issuer were to satisfy the reporting offshore fund conditions 
for such Series of ETP Securities, if the gains on a Series of ETP Securities would be treated as being of 
an income nature for UK income tax and/or UK corporation tax purposes were the offshore fund legislation 
not to apply, the fact that the particular Series of ETP Securities is registered as an offshore reporting fund 
would not prevent any gains arising on such Series of ETP Securities from being taxable as income gains. 
UK Individuals are advised to seek advice from their tax advisors as to whether any gains realised on ETP 
Securities would be treated as income or capital gains for UK tax purposes. If any gains are treated as 
being income gains it is unlikely that relief would be available for any losses. 
Investors within the charge to UK corporation tax are advised to seek advice from their tax advisors on the 
basis on which any profits or losses arising on the ETP Securities will be recognised in computing their 
profits chargeable to corporation tax. 
 
THE TAX TREATMENT OF ANY SERIES OF ETP SECURITIES MAY BE AFFECTED BY THE TERMS 
OF ISSUE OF THAT SERIES OF ETP SECURITIES AS SPECIFIED IN THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS 
AND WILL DEPEND ON THE CLASSIFICATION OF THAT SERIES OF ETP SECURITIES FOR TAX 
PURPOSES AND THE INVESTOR’S OWN CIRCUMSTANCES. INVESTORS AND PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT APPROPRIATE TAX ADVISERS CONCERNING THE TAX 
CONSEQUENCES OF THE SPECIFIC SERIES IN QUESTION AND THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATION 
BEFORE INVESTING IN THE ETP SECURITIES.

--- Page 547 ---
547 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Only Authorised Participants may subscribe for ETP Securities from the Issuer. The Authorised 
Participant(s) in respect of each Series of ETP Securities at the Issue Date of such Series will be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Securities may be offered to any category of potential investors provided that the offer complies with the 
selling restrictions set out below in this “Subscription and Sale” section (the “Selling Restrictions”). 
United States 
The ETP Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the securities 
law of any state or political sub-division of the United States of America or any of its territories, possessions 
or other areas subject to its jurisdiction including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (collectively, the 
“United States”). No person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer 
under the CEA and the CFTC Rules of the CFTC, and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered 
under any United States federal laws. The ETP Securities are being offered and sold in reliance on an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S thereunder 
(“Regulation S”). 
Accordingly, the ETP Securities may not at any time be offered, sold or otherwise transferred except (i) in 
an “Offshore Transaction” (as such term is defined under Regulation S) and (ii) to or for the account or 
benefit of a Permitted Transferee. 
A “Permitted Transferee” means any person who is not any of: 
(a) 
a U.S. person as defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S;  
(b) 
a person who comes within any definition of U.S. person for the purposes of the CEA or any CFTC 
Rule, guidance or order proposed or issued under the CEA (for the avoidance of doubt, any person 
who is not a "Non-United States person" as such term is defined under CFTC Rule 4.7(a)(1)(iv), 
but excluding, for purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception to the extent that it would 
apply to persons who are not “Non-United States persons”, shall be considered a U.S. person); or 
(c) 
a “resident of the United States” for purposes of, and as defined in implementing regulations 
proposed or issued under, Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended 
(“BHC Act”). 
Transfers of ETP Securities within the United States or to any person other than a Permitted Transferee 
(a “Non-Permitted Transferee”) are prohibited.  
The foregoing restrictions on the offer, sale or other transfer of ETP Securities to a Non-Permitted 
Transferee may adversely affect the ability of an investor in the ETP Securities to dispose of the ETP 
Securities in the secondary market, if any, and significantly reduce the liquidity of the ETP Securities. As 
a result, the value of the ETP Securities may be materially adversely affected. 
As defined in Rule 902(k)(1) of Regulation S, “U.S. person” means: 
(a) 
Any natural person resident in the United States; 
(a) 
Any partnership or corporation organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; 
(b) 
Any estate of which any executor or administrator is a U.S. person; 
(c) 
Any trust of which any trustee is a U.S. person; 
(d) 
Any agency or branch of a foreign entity located in the United States;

--- Page 548 ---
548 
(e) 
Any non-discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer 
or other fiduciary for the benefit or account of a U.S. person; 
(f) 
Any discretionary account or similar account (other than an estate or trust) held by a dealer or 
other fiduciary organized, incorporated, or (if an individual) resident in the United States; and 
(g) 
Any partnership or corporation if: 
(i) 
organized or incorporated under the laws of any foreign jurisdiction; and 
(ii) 
formed by a U.S. person principally for the purpose of investing in securities not registered 
under the Securities Act, unless it is organized or incorporated, and owned, by accredited 
investors (as defined in §230.501(a) of the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 17) who 
are not natural persons, estates or trusts. 
As defined in CFTC Rule 4.7, “Non-United States person” means: 
(a) 
A natural person who is not a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
A partnership, corporation or other entity, other than an entity organized principally for passive 
investment, organized under the laws of a foreign jurisdiction and which has its principal place of 
business in a foreign jurisdiction; 
(c) 
An estate or trust, the income of which is not subject to United States income tax regardless of 
source; 
(d) 
An entity organized principally for passive investment such as a pool, investment company or 
other similar entity; provided, that units of participation in the entity held by persons who do not 
qualify as Non-United States persons represent in the aggregate less than 10% of the beneficial 
interest in the entity, and that such entity was not formed principally for the purpose of facilitating 
investment by persons who do not qualify as Non-United States persons in a pool with respect to 
which the operator is exempt from certain requirements of part 4 of the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission’s regulations by virtue of its participants being Non-United States persons; 
and 
(e) 
A pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of an entity organized and with its principal 
place of business outside the United States. 
As modified in the definition of “Permitted Transferee” above, the definition of “Non-United States person” 
excludes for purposes of sub-section (d) above, the exception in the proviso to the extent that it would 
apply to persons who are not “Non-United States persons”. 
As defined in CFTR Rule 23.160 regarding cross-border application of certain swap provisions of the CEA 
(17 CFR § 23.160), “U.S. person” means: 
(a) 
A natural person who is a resident of the United States; 
(b) 
An estate of a decedent who was a resident of the United States at the time of death; 
(c) 
A corporation, partnership, limited liability company, business or other trust, association, joint-
stock company, fund, or any form of entity similar to any of the foregoing, in each case: 
(i) 
that is organized or incorporated under the laws of the United States; or 
(ii) 
that has its principal place of business in the United States, including any branch of such 
legal entity (a “legal entity”);  
(d) 
A pension plan for the employees, officers, or principals of a legal entity, unless the pension plan 
is primarily for foreign employees of such entity;

--- Page 549 ---
549 
(e) 
A trust governed by the laws of a state or other jurisdiction in the United States, if a court within 
the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust; 
(f) 
A legal entity (other than a limited liability company, limited liability partnership or similar entity 
where all of the owners of the entity have limited liability) that is owned by a U.S. person and for 
which such person(s) bears unlimited responsibility for the obligations and liabilities of the legal 
entity, including any branch of the legal entity; or 
(g) 
An individual account or joint account (discretionary or not) where the beneficial owner (or one of 
the beneficial owners in the case of a joint account) is a U.S. person. 
As defined in the final regulations issued under Section 13 of the BHC Act, 17 CFR 225.10(d)(8), “resident 
of the United States” means a “U.S. person” as defined in Regulation S.  
The term “U.S. person” as defined in CFTC Rule 23.160 and as set forth above is accurate as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus. However, on January 8, 2020, the CFTC released a newly proposed rule (85 Fed. 
Reg. 952 (Jan. 8, 2020)) regarding cross-border application of certain swap provisions of the CEA. The 
proposed rule includes an amended definition of “U.S. person” intended to harmonize the CFTC definition 
with that set forth by the SEC (as defined below) in relation to its own cross-border rules. As such, the 
definition of U.S. person as set forth above may be subject to change upon the issuance of any final rule 
based on this newly proposed rule. Each person who offers, sells or otherwise transfers ETP Securities 
has exclusive responsibility for ensuring that its offer, sale or other transfer is not to or for the account or 
benefit of any person other than a Permitted Transferee as such term is defined as of the date of such 
offer, sale, pledge or other transfer. 
The ETP Securities have not been approved or disapproved by the United States Securities and Exchange 
Commission (“SEC”) or any other regulatory agency in the United States, nor has the SEC or any other 
regulatory agency in the United States passed upon the accuracy or adequacy of this document or the 
merits of the ETP Securities. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence. Furthermore, the 
ETP Securities do not constitute, and have not been marketed as, contracts for the sale of a commodity 
for future delivery (or options thereon) subject to the CEA, and neither trading in the ETP Securities nor 
this document has been approved by the CFTC under the CEA, and no person other than a Permitted 
Transferee may at any time trade or maintain a position in the ETP Securities. 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that 
it has complied and will comply with the aforementioned transfer and selling restrictions and it will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells ETP Securities a confirmation or other notice setting forth the above 
restrictions on offers and sales of the ETP Securities. Each Authorised Participant has further represented 
and agreed that it has not offered, sold or delivered and will not at any time offer, sell or deliver the ETP 
Securities of any identifiable Tranche except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S, and that none 
of it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed 
selling efforts with respect to such ETP Securities, and it and they have complied and will comply with the 
offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation  
In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area (each, a “Relevant Member State”), 
each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that 
with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Regulation came into force (the “Relevant 
Date”) it has not made and will not make an offer of ETP Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms to the public in that 
Relevant Member State, except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant Date, make an 
offer of such ETP Securities to the public in that Relevant Member State:

--- Page 550 ---
550 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the ETP Securities specify that an offer of those ETP 
Securities may be made by the Authorised Participant(s) other than pursuant to Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant Member State (a “Non-exempt Offer”,following the date of 
publication of the Base Prospectus in relation to such ETP Securities which has been approved by 
the competent authority in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another 
Relevant Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms 
contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period 
(if any) beginning and ending on the dates (if any) specified in such prospectus or final terms, as 
applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt 
Offer; 
(ii) 
at any time to a legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorised 
Participant or Authorised Participants appointed by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(iv) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of ETP Securities referred to in paragraphs (ii) to (iv) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an “offer of ETP Securities to the public” in 
relation to any ETP Securities in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and 
by means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the ETP Securities to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the ETP Securities. 
United Kingdom 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of ETP Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms to the public in the United 
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such ETP Securities to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms in relation to the ETP Securities specify that an offer of those ETP 
Securities may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a “Public Offer”), following 
the date of publication of the Base Prospectus in relation to such ETP Securities which either (i) has 
been approved by the FCA, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the FCA in 
accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU 
Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by 
final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period (if any) beginning and ending on the dates 
(if any) specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(ii)  
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; 
(iii) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Authorised Participant or Authorised Participants appointed by the Issuer for any such offer; 
or 
(iv)  
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 551 ---
551 
provided that no such offer of ETP Securities referred to in (ii) to (iv) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of ETP Securities to the public” in relation 
to any ETP Securities means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the ETP Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the ETP Securities. 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that: 
(i) 
in relation to any ETP Securities which have a maturity of less than one year (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any ETP Securities other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the ETP Securities 
would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any ETP Securities in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to such ETP Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Ireland 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that 
it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the ETP 
Securities, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the ETP Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the 
provisions of: 
(i) 
the Prospectus Regulation and any Central Bank of Ireland (“Central Bank”) rules issued and / or 
in force pursuant to section 1363 of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended) (the “Companies 
Act”); 
(ii) 
the Companies Act;  
(iii) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) and it will 
conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any conditions or requirements, 
or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank;   
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on 
market abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any Central Bank rules 
issued and / or in force pursuant to section 1370 of the Companies Act; 
(v) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 
on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products 
(PRIIPs); and  
(vi) 
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2021 and any codes of conduct rules made under section 117(1) of 
the Central Bank Act 1989.

--- Page 552 ---
552 
Belgium 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that 
it has not offered or sold and it will not offer or sell the ETC Securities to, “consumers” within the meaning 
of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique). 
Finland 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any of the Securities to the public in 
Finland other than in compliance with all applicable provisions of the laws of Finland and especially in 
compliance with the Finnish Securities Market Act (746/2012) and any regulation or rule made thereunder, 
as supplemented and amended from time to time. 
For the purpose of this provision, an offer of the Securities to the public in Finland means a communication 
to persons in any form and by any means, presenting or intended to present sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered, so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Securities. 
France 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the ETP Securities has been 
submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”).  For selling 
restrictions in respect of France, please see “Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus 
Regulation” above. 
Germany  
For selling restrictions in respect of Germany, please see “Public Offer Selling Restriction under the 
Prospectus Regulation” above. 
Italy 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of the ETP Securities to the public in the Republic of Italy, unless 
(i) such offer is made exclusively to persons or entities which are qualified investors as defined in Article 
34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time (“Consob Regulation on Issuers”) and (ii) comply with any other applicable laws and regulations of 
the Republic of Italy.  
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an “offer of the ETP Securities to the public” in 
relation to any ETP Security in the Republic of Italy means the communication in any form and by means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the ETP Securities to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the ETP Securities.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering material relating to the ETP Securities has been 
submitted to the clearance procedures of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”).  Any offer, sale or delivery of the ETP Securities in the Republic of Italy or distribution of 
copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the Base Prospectus in the Republic of 
Italy must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (“Italian 
Financial Act”), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 
385 of 1st September 1993, all as amended and supplemented from time to time; and 
(ii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 553 ---
553 
Please note that, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Italian Financial Act, the subsequent distribution 
of the ETP Securities on the secondary market in the Republic of Italy must be made in compliance with 
the rules on offers of securities to be made to the public provided under the Italian Financial Act and 
CONSOB Regulation on Issuers. Failure to comply with such rules may result, inter alia, in the sale of such 
ETP Securities being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the ETP 
Securities for any damages suffered by the investors. 
The Netherlands 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, that 
it will not make an offer of ETP Securities to the public in The Netherlands in reliance on Article 1 of the 
Prospectus Regulation unless (i) such offer is made exclusively to persons or entities which are qualified 
investors as defined in the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) (as amended) 
(the “FSA”) or (ii) standard exemption wording is disclosed as required by Article 5:20(5) of the FSA, 
provided that no such offer of ETP Securities shall require the Issuer or any Authorised Participant to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Sweden 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, that 
it will not (directly or indirectly) offer for Subscription or purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or 
purchase or sell ETC Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the relevant Final Terms, or distribute any draft or definitive document in relation to any 
such offer, invitation or sale in Sweden, except in circumstances that will not result in a requirement to 
prepare a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (Sw. 
lag (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument).   
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Authorised Participants 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification may be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus if required. 
None of the Issuer or any Authorised Participant represents that the ETP Securities may at any time 
lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Authorised Participant agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it will, to the best 
of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers ETP Securities or has in its possession or distributes this Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Authorised 
Participant shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 554 ---
554 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Form of Final Terms for ETP Securities  
Final Terms dated [●] 
GRANITESHARES FINANCIAL PLC (the “Issuer”) 
[Issue of [insert number] ETP Securities being Tranche [●] of the Series of GraniteShares [insert 
Index Leverage Factor] [Long][Short] [insert underlying stock] Daily ETP Securities issued under its 
Collateralised ETP Securities Programme (the “ETP Securities”)]

--- Page 555 ---
555 
Part A – Contractual Terms2 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 30 March 2022 (as amended) [and the Supplement to the Base Prospectus 
dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and 
repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and for the purposes of the UK version of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, which is part of UK law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”).  
[These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of (1) filing with a competent authority (within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation) for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and 
(2) filing with the FCA for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation and the Prospectus Regulation 
Rules only.]3  The filing for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation relates only to the ETP Securities 
which are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area.   ETP Securities that are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the United Kingdom, are not offered under the Prospectus Regulation or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, as it applies in the European 
Union, but are offered and admitted to trading under the UK Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any supplement, which are published in 
accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation and Rule PRR 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation 
Rules on the website of the Issuer at https://graniteshares.com/europe/etps and at the specified office of 
the Issuing and Paying Agent and copies may be obtained from the offices of each Paying Agent.  
 [MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties 
target market: Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the ETP Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
ETP Securities is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the ETP Securities are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the ETP Securities (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the ETP Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market: 
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the ETP Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the ETP Securities is 
retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS") and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK 
MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the ETP Securities are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the ETP Securities (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
ETP Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer‘s target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]

--- Page 556 ---
556 
GENERAL 
1 
(i) 
Series Name: 
GraniteShares 
[insert 
Index 
Leverage 
Factor] 
[Long][Short] 
[insert 
underlying 
stock] 
Daily 
ETP 
Securities 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
2 
Specified Currency: 
[USD]/[EUR]/[GBP][●] 
3 
Aggregate 
Number 
of 
ETP 
Securities: 
 
 
(i) 
Of Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Of Tranche: 
[●] 
4 
Issue Price per ETP Security: 
 
 
(i) 
As at Series Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Of Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
(i) 
Series Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Issue Date of Tranche: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Creation 
Trade 
Date 
of 
Tranche (where applicable): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) Date on which Board approval 
for issuance of ETP Securities 
obtained: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]4  
6 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[●] 
7 
Index: 
[●] 
(i) 
Index Leverage Factor: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Index Sponsor: 
[●] 
(iii) Listing of Shares: 
[European Exchange Listed Shares - Applicable][U.S. 
Exchange Listed Shares - Applicable] 
8 
Interest type: 
Zero Coupon 
9 
Default interest: 
[As per Condition 12(i) (Default Interest)]/[●] 
10 
Minimum 
number 
of 
ETP 
Securities: 
One 
11 
Specified Denominations: 
The ETP Securities may be issued, traded and redeemed 
in integral multiples of 1 subject to a minimum lot of 1. 
TRANSACTION PARTIES 
12 
Authorised Participant(s): 
As at the [Series Issue Date][Issue Date of this Tranche]: 
[●]. 
                                                        
2  Where an exempt offer will be made, all language relating to the Prospectus Regulation shall be removed. 
3  Include for exempt offers. 
4 Only required for the issuance of the first Tranche of a Series of ETP Securities.

--- Page 557 ---
557 
13 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch and any 
successor or replacement thereto. 
14 
Paying Agent(s): 
The Issuing and Paying Agent, [●][ and [●]], and any 
successor or replacement thereto. 
15 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited and any 
successor or replacement thereto. 
16 
Security Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited and any 
successor or replacement thereto. 
17 
Swap Counterparty: 
Natixis and any successor or replacement thereto. 
18 
Swap Calculation Agent: 
Natixis and any successor or replacement thereto. 
19 
Swap Collateral Custodian: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, SA/NV and any successor 
or replacement thereto.  
20 
Eligible Swap Collateral Custodian 
Threshold Rating: 
[●] by [Fitch][Moody’s][S&P].  
21 
Committed Market Maker: 
Natixis S.A.  
30, avenue Pierre Mendes-France,  
75013 Paris, 
France 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
22 
Final Redemption Valuation Date: 
The 10th Relevant Business Day preceding the Scheduled 
Maturity Date, expected to be [●]. 
23 
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[2] per cent. of the Issue Price per ETP Security as at the 
Series Issue Date, being [●]. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO FEES 
24 
Arranger Fee Percentage: 
[●], as at the Issue Date of this Tranche. 
25 
Swap Spread Fee Percentage: 
[●], as at the Issue Date of this Tranche. 
26 
Index License Fee Percentage: 
[●], as at the Issue Date of this Tranche. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE SWAP TRANSACTION 
27 
Initial Swap Term: 
[5 years after the Series Issue Date]/[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO MASTER TERMS 
28 
Version number and date of 
relevant version of: 
 
 
(i) 
Master Agency Terms: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(ii) 
Master Authorised Participant 
Terms: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(a) Maximum 
Series 
Exposure: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Master Terms and Conditions: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme. 
 
(iv) Master Trust Terms: 
Version number [●], dated [●] relating to the Programme.  
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE ETP SECURITIES 
29 
Form of ETP Securities: 
Bearer

--- Page 558 ---
558 
CGN form 
Global Security which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Securities in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Global Security 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of 
ETP Securities described herein pursuant to the Collateralised ETP Securities Programme.] 
 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: ............................................ 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 559 ---
559 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made for the ETP Securities to be 
admitted to the [official list of the London Stock Exchange] 
and for the ETP Securities to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market thereof.]  Please note that admission to 
the UK Official List and to trading on the London Stock 
Exchange is not admission to trading under the Prospectus 
Regulation, but is admission to trading for the purposes of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.5 
[Application has been made to the Italian Stock Exchange 
(Borsa Italiana) for the Series of ETP Securities to which 
these Final Terms apply to be admitted to the official list of 
the Italian Stock Exchange and to be admitted to listing and 
trading on the [ETFPlus] / [SeDeX].] 
 
(ii) 
Relevant 
Stock 
Exchange(s): 
As at the date of these Final Terms, ETP Securities of this 
Series have been admitted to listing and trading on [The 
London Stock Exchange] / [ETFPlus] / [SeDeX].] 
 
(iii) Estimate 
of 
total 
net 
proceeds of the issue: 
[●]  
 
(iv) Estimate of total expenses 
related to admission to 
trading: 
[GBP 2,000]/[Not Applicable]6   
2 NOTIFICATION 
The Central Bank has provided the competent authority of 
[[Belgium], [Finland], [France], [Germany], [Italy], [the 
Netherlands] [Portugal], [Spain] and [Sweden]] with a 
certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus 
has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
3 RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable] 
[The ETP Securities to be issued [have been]/[are expected 
to be] rated [[●] by S&P][[●] by Moody’s][[●] by Fitch].] 
 
4 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the ETP Securities has an interest material to the offer.] / [●] 
5 REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See section headed “Use of Proceeds” in the Base 
Prospectus.]/[●] 
6 PERFORMANCE OF INDEX OR INDICES AND OTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING THE 
INDEX OR INDICES 
                                                        
5  Include for exempt offers 
6 Only required for the issuance of the first Tranche of a Series of ETP Securities.

--- Page 560 ---
560 
 
Summary of the Index 
[Details of the past and future performance and volatility of the Index can be obtained from [●].] 
7 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
WKN: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable]/[Specify name(s) and number(s) [and 
address(es)]] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery against payment 
8 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price]/[●] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Description of the time period, 
including 
any 
possible 
amendments, during which the 
offer 
will 
be 
open 
and 
description of the application 
process: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Description of possibility to 
reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner for refunding excess 
amount paid by applicants: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum 
amount 
of 
application: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Details of the method and time 
limits 
for 
paying 
up 
and 
delivering the ETP Securities: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Manner in and date on which 
results of the offer are to be 
made public: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any 
right 
of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription 
rights 
and 
treatment 
of 
subscription 
rights 
not 
exercised: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Tranche(s) 
which 
has/have 
been 
reserved 
for 
certain 
countries: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]

--- Page 561 ---
561 
 
Process 
for 
notification 
to 
applicants of the amount allotted 
and 
the 
indication 
whether 
dealing 
may 
begin 
before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Amount of any expenses and 
taxes specifically charged to the 
subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of 
the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[None]/[●]

--- Page 562 ---
562 
Annex – Issue Specific Summary 
[Issue specific summary to be inserted]

--- Page 563 ---
563 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations (if any) which are necessary 
in Ireland at the date of the Base Prospectus in connection with the update of the Programme. The update 
of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Issuer passed on 21 
February 2022. 
2 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer and 
no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer, in each case, since 30 June 
2021. 
3 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), since the date of its incorporation, which may have, 
or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability. 
4 
The ETP Securities represent indebtedness of the Issuer. ETP Securities may be accepted for clearance 
through any Clearing System including Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Clearstream 
Banking, Frankfurt (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). ETP Securities will be cleared 
through the Relevant Clearing System in whole numbers of ETP Securities only (for these purposes an 
ETP Security may be referred to as a unit by the relevant Clearing System).  
The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) 
the CUSIP and CINS number and PORTAL system and identification number for each Series of ETP 
Securities will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium.  
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg.  
The address of Clearstream Banking, Frankfurt is Mergenthalerallee 61, 65760 Eschborn, Germany.  
The address for SIX SIS AG is Brandschenkestrasse 47, CH-8022 Zurich.  
The address of any other Clearing System that is a Relevant Clearing System for a Series of ETP Securities 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
5 
The Issue Price of, and the number of ETP Securities comprising, each Tranche of ETP Securities will be 
determined before filing of the relevant Final Terms. Save as otherwise provided in Condition 9 (Disruption 
Events, Adjustments and Postponement) the Issuer will provide post-issuance information in relation to the 
underlying collateral, as well as the Value per ETP Security of the ETP Securities in respect of each 
Scheduled Valuation Day by no later than 10:00 London time on the immediately following Scheduled 
Valuation Day on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at https://graniteshares.com/europe/etps 
(or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices)). 
6 
For so long as ETP Securities may be issued pursuant to the Base Prospectus (in respect of paragraphs 
(i) to (ix)) and for so long as any listed ETP Securities remain outstanding, the current version of each of 
the documents specified below (together with all earlier versions of such documents to the extent that there 
are ETP Securities of any Series outstanding in respect of which the version in question of such document 
is still relevant) will be available on the website of the Issuer (https://graniteshares.com/europe/etps) and 
in physical format during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted), for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent: 
(i) 
the Master Trust Terms; 
(ii) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement hereto;

--- Page 564 ---
564 
(iv) 
all documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus; and 
(v) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and statements 
prepared by any expert at the Issuer’s request any part of which is included in the Base 
Prospectus. 
7 
This 
Base 
Prospectus 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://graniteshares.com/europe/etps). 
8 
Where the Final Terms indicate that a Series of ETP Securities is “Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility”, such designation simply means that the ETP Securities are intended 
upon issue to be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the ETP Securities will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied of Eurosystem eligibility. 
9 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 635400MFOIY6BX1JUC92.

--- Page 565 ---
565 
GLOSSARY 
 
$ 9 
£ 9 
€ 9 
2020 Accounts ................................................................................................................................................. 41 
2021 Accounts ................................................................................................................................................. 41 
Adjustments ...................................................................................................................................................... 48 
Affected Series ................................................................................................................................................ 20 
Aggregated Early Termination Amount ........................................................................................................... 484 
AIF ..................................................................................................................................................................... 26 
AIFM .................................................................................................................................................................. 26 
AIFMD ............................................................................................................................................................... 26 
Authorised Distributor .......................................................................................................................................... 5 
Authorised Offeror ............................................................................................................................................... 4 
Base Prospectus ................................................................................................................................................. 1 
Benchmark Administrators .................................................................................................................................. 7 
Benchmark Regulation ........................................................................................................................................ 7 
Benefit Plan Investor ........................................................................................................................................... 9 
BHC Act .......................................................................................................................................................... 505 
CEA ..................................................................................................................................................................... 9 
Central Bank ....................................................................................................................................................... 2 
CFTC ................................................................................................................................................................... 9 
CFTC Rules ........................................................................................................................................................ 9 
Code .................................................................................................................................................................... 9 
CRA Regulation .................................................................................................................................................. 4 
Declaration of Trust ......................................................................................................................................... 491 
Delegate ............................................................................................................................................................ 31 
distributor .................................................................................................................................................... 8, 513 
dollars .................................................................................................................................................................. 9 
Domestic Paying Agent ................................................................................................................................... 496 
EEA Register ..................................................................................................................................................... 7 
Eligible Collateral ............................................................................................................................................ 487 
Eligible Equities ............................................................................................................................................... 487 
Eligible Equity Indices ..................................................................................................................................... 487 
Eligible ETFs ................................................................................................................................................... 487 
Eligible Securities ............................................................................................................................................ 487 
Employee Benefit Plan ........................................................................................................................................ 9 
ERISA ................................................................................................................................................................. 9 
ESMA .................................................................................................................................................................. 7 
ETP Securities ............................................................................................................................................ 1, 512 
EUR ..................................................................................................................................................................... 9 
euro ..................................................................................................................................................................... 9 
Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................................... 1 
Fitch .................................................................................................................................................................... 4 
foreign passthru payments .............................................................................................................................. 494 
FSCS ................................................................................................................................................................. 14 
FSMA .................................................................................................................................................................. 4 
GBP ..................................................................................................................................................................... 9 
Granite entities .................................................................................................................................................. 39 
Granite entity ..................................................................................................................................................... 39 
HMRC ............................................................................................................................................................. 503 
IGAs ................................................................................................................................................................ 495 
Index Leverage Factor ...................................................................................................................................... 57 
Issuer .......................................................................................................................................................... 1, 512 
ITA 2007 .......................................................................................................................................................... 503 
Leveraged ETP Securities ................................................................................................................................ 36 
listed .................................................................................................................................................................... 3

--- Page 566 ---
566 
Long ETP Securities ......................................................................................................................................... 57 
Long Index ........................................................................................................................................................ 64 
MiFID II ........................................................................................................................................................ 1, 513 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ...................................................................................................................... 8 
Minimum Redemption Amount Shortfall ...................................................................................................... 25, 47 
Moody’s ............................................................................................................................................................... 4 
Natixis ............................................................................................................................................................. 493 
Non-exempt Offer ............................................................................................................................................ 508 
Non-Permitted Transferee ............................................................................................................................... 505 
Outstanding Amount ......................................................................................................................................... 43 
Permitted Category ......................................................................................................................................... 487 
Permitted Transferee ...................................................................................................................................... 505 
Plan ..................................................................................................................................................................... 9 
Plan Assets ......................................................................................................................................................... 9 
Plan Assets Regulation ....................................................................................................................................... 9 
pounds sterling .................................................................................................................................................... 9 
Programme ......................................................................................................................................................... 1 
Prospectus Regulation ......................................................................................................................... 1, 2, 513 
Reference Leveraged Return ............................................................................................................................ 59 
Regulation S ................................................................................................................................................ 9, 505 
Relevant Date ................................................................................................................................................. 507 
Relevant Member State .................................................................................................................................. 507 
S&P ..................................................................................................................................................................... 4 
SEC ................................................................................................................................................................. 507 
Section 110 ....................................................................................................................................................... 29 
Section 246 ..................................................................................................................................................... 499 
Section 64 ....................................................................................................................................................... 499 
Section 871(m) .................................................................................................................................................. 21 
Securities Act ...................................................................................................................................................... 8 
SeDeX ................................................................................................................................................................. 3 
Selling Restrictions .......................................................................................................................................... 505 
Series Currency ................................................................................................................................................ 24 
Share Trustee ................................................................................................................................................. 491 
Short ETP Securities ......................................................................................................................................... 57 
Short Index ........................................................................................................................................................ 64 
Similar Law .......................................................................................................................................................... 9 
specified ELIs .................................................................................................................................................... 21 
sterling ................................................................................................................................................................. 9 
Substitution Cash ............................................................................................................................................ 486 
Swap Collateral Accounts ................................................................................................................................. 43 
Swap Collateral Custody Agreement ................................................................................................................ 31 
TCA 1997 ........................................................................................................................................................ 498 
U.S. dollars .......................................................................................................................................................... 9 
U.S.$ ................................................................................................................................................................... 9 
UK BMR .............................................................................................................................................................. 7 
UK Individuals ................................................................................................................................................. 503 
UK Prospectus Regulation .............................................................................................................................. 1, 2 
UK Register ........................................................................................................................................................ 7 
Unadjusted Swap Value .................................................................................................................................... 43 
United States ................................................................................................................................................... 505 
USD ..................................................................................................................................................................... 9

--- Page 567 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
3rd Floor, Kilmore House 
Park Lane, Spencer Dock 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
TRUSTEE AND SECURITY TRUSTEE 
SWAP COUNTERPARTY 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AJ 
United Kingdom  
Natixis S.A. 
30 Avenue Pierre Mendès-France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
SWAP COLLATERAL CUSTODIAN 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
1 Canada Square 
London E14 5AJ 
United Kingdom 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV  
46 Rue Montoyerstraat 
B-1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
 
ARRANGER 
GraniteShares Jersey Limited 
28 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE2 3QA 
Channel Islands 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to the Issuer 
in respect of Irish law 
Matheson 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
 
 
to the Arranger 
in respect of Jersey law 
Carey Olsen 
47 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE1 0BD 
Channel Islands 
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Matheson 
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland