--- Page 1 ---
A51796379 
OFFERING CIRCULAR
Grand City Properties S.A.
(a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, having its registered office at 37, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de commerce et des 
sociétés) under number B165560)
€10,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Under this €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Grand City Properties S.A. 
(the "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes to be issued under the Programme may comprise (i) unsubordinated Notes ("Senior Notes") or (ii) dated or 
undated subordinated Notes (respectively "Dated Subordinated Notes" and "Undated Subordinated Notes" and 
together, "Subordinated Notes"). The terms and conditions of the Senior Notes and the Subordinated Notes are set 
out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes" 
respectively.
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes"). The 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed 
€10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described 
herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a 
"Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Offering Circular to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended 
to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see 
"Risk Factors".
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority 
under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this 
Offering Circular as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval by the Central Bank of Ireland should not be considered as an endorsement of 
the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the "Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market") of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") or on another

--- Page 2 ---
A51796379 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA") for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Offering Circular to be admitted to its official list (the "Official List") and trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. References in this Offering Circular to the Notes being "listed" (and all related 
references) shall mean that the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market. 
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its 
date in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation 
to supplement this Offering Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering Circular is no longer valid.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
References in this Offering Circular to "Exempt Senior Notes" are to Senior Notes for which no prospectus is 
required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation and the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA"). The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in 
this Offering Circular in connection with Exempt Senior Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under the relevant Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) will (other than in the case of Exempt Senior Notes, as defined above) be set out in a final 
terms document (the "Final Terms") which will be delivered to the Central Bank of Ireland and, where listed, 
Euronext Dublin.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin. In the case of Exempt Senior Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if 
any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each 
Tranche will be set out in a pricing supplement document (the "Pricing Supplement").
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue 
unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account 
or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of 
any state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has been rated BBB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and Baa1 by Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd ("Moody's"). In the beginning of 2021, the Issuer terminated its contract with Moody's and therefore, 
ratings provided by Moody's are on an unsolicited basis. S&P is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). Moody's is established in the United 
Kingdom (the "UK") and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). 
Ratings issued by S&P have been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation 
and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Ratings issued by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody's Deutschland

--- Page 3 ---
A51796379 
GmbH, which is a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by Moody's may be 
used for regulatory purposes in the EEA in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Each of S&P and Moody's Deutschland GmbH is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
("ESMA") 
on 
its 
website 
(available 
at
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by the rating agencies referred to above. Where a Tranche 
of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt 
Senior Notes) and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned (if any) to the Programme by the relevant 
rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.  
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme 
may be calculated by reference to either the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Norwegian Interbank 
Offered Rate ("NIBOR"), the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") or the Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate ("SOFR") as specified in the applicable Final Terms or applicable Pricing Supplement (in the case of Exempt 
Senior Notes). As at the date of this Offering Circular, European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of 
EURIBOR) and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of NIBOR) are included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") and the 
Bank of England as (administrator of SONIA) and The Federal Reserve Bank of New York as (administrator of 
SOFR) do not appear in such register. As at the date of this Offering Circular, the administrator of EURIBOR is 
included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (the "UK FCA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") and the administrators of NIBOR, SONIA and 
SOFR do not appear in such register. As far as the Issuer is aware, (i) SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation and (ii) the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (as administrator of 
NIBOR) is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the UK, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence). 
Arranger
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL
Dealers
BOFA SECURITIES
CITIGROUP
GOLDMAN SACHS INTERNATIONAL
J.P. MORGAN
MORGAN STANLEY
UBS INVESTMENT BANK
The date of this Offering Circular is 7 September 2023

--- Page 4 ---
A51796379 
4
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Senior 
Notes issued under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer 
the information contained in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information.
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Offering Circular shall 
be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Offering 
Circular.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Offering Circular 
refers does not form part of this Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland.
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made 
and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer or the Trustee accepts 
any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering 
Circular or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme.
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer or the Trustee to give any information or to make any 
representation not contained in or not consistent with this Offering Circular or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, or any of the Dealers or 
the Trustee.
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer, or any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this Offering 
Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuer. Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, or 
any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers and 
the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any 
information coming to their attention.

--- Page 5 ---
A51796379 
5
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
these Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling such Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MiFID II product governance/target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance Rules.
UK MiFIR product governance/target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for 
distribution of such Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market

--- Page 6 ---
A51796379 
6
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
This Offering Circular has been prepared on the basis that any Notes with a minimum denomination of less 
than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) will (i) only be admitted to trading on an EEA regulated 
market (as defined in MiFID II), or a specific segment of an EEA regulated market, to which only qualified 
investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access (in which case they shall not be offered or 
sold to non-qualified investors) or (ii) only be offered to the public in an EEA Member State pursuant to an 
exemption under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. As at the date of this Offering Circular, Euronext 
Dublin does not have a specific segment to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) can have access and therefore, any Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or 
equivalent in another currency) cannot be offered in the manner described in (i) above of this paragraph until 
such a segment is established.
Product Classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of 
Singapore (as amended or modified, the "SFA") and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes), all Notes shall be prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of 
Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
Notice to Canadian Investors: The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be 
purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in 
National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any 
resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories 
of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Offering Circular (including 
any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's 
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the 
purchaser's province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. If applicable, 
pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are 
not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest 
in connection with this offering.

--- Page 7 ---
A51796379 
7
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING 
CIRCULAR AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Offering Circular may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other 
requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of 
this Offering Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may 
be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result 
in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular 
or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of 
this Offering Circular and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution 
of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, Japan, the EEA (including Belgium), 
the UK, Israel, Singapore and Switzerland, see "Subscription and Sale".
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
Presentation of Financial Information
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Offering Circular relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2022 and (ii) the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the 6 months ended 30 June 2023 (together, the "Issuer Financial Statements").
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Offering Circular to any specific year 
are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Issuer Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") issued by the International 
Accounting Standards Board, as adopted by the European Union ("EU").
Forward-Looking Statements
This Offering Circular contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement 
that does not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and 
estimates of amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by 
the use of terms and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", 
"might", "plan", "predict", "project", "will", "aim" and similar terms and phrases, including references and 
assumptions. This applies, in particular, to statements in this Offering Circular containing information on future 
earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding Grand City Properties S.A. together with its subsidiaries (the 
"GCP Group" or the "Group") business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic 
and regulatory conditions and other factors that affect it.
Forward-looking statements in this Offering Circular are based on current estimates and assumptions that the 
Issuer based on its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and 
other factors which could cause actual results, including the GCP Group's financial condition and results of

--- Page 8 ---
A51796379 
8
operations, to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed 
or described in these forward-looking statements. The GCP Group's business is also subject to a number of risks 
and uncertainties that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Offering Circular 
to become inaccurate. Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Offering 
Circular: "Risk Factors" and "Description of the Issuer". These sections include more detailed descriptions of 
factors that might have an impact on the GCP Group's business and the markets in which it operates. In light of 
these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Offering Circular may not occur. In 
addition, the Issuer assumes no obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-looking statement 
or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments.
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Offering Circular will have 
the meaning attributed to them in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes or any other section of this 
Offering Circular. In addition, the following terms as used in this Offering Circular have the meanings defined 
below:
In this Offering Circular, all references to:

U.S. dollars refers to United States dollars;

Sterling, GBP and £ refer to pounds sterling;

euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended;

yen refers to Japanese yen; and

a billion are a thousand million.
Certain figures and percentages included in this Offering Circular have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.
The language of this Offering Circular is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must determine 
the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor may 
wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it:
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Offering 
Circular or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 9 ---
A51796379 
9
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency;
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules.
STABILISATION
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) acting as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) may over-allot 
Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation 
action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 10 ---
A51796379 
10
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................. 11
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................17
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................71
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................................76
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS FOR SENIOR NOTES ..................................................................................80
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS FOR SUBORDINATED NOTES ..................................................................94
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT .....................................................................................................107
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES .............................................................................122
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES .............................................................179
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................231
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................232
TAXATION .....................................................................................................................................................238
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................243
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................249

--- Page 11 ---
A51796379 
11
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes, the applicable Pricing 
Supplement). The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than 
that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt 
Senior Notes, and if appropriate, a new Offering Circular or a supplement to the Offering Circular, will be 
published.
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation").
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes shall 
have the same meanings in this Overview.
Issuer:
Grand City Properties S.A.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
5299002QLUYKK2WBMB18
Risk Factors:
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of 
a particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. All of 
these are set out under "Risk Factors".
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Arranger:
Goldman Sachs International
Dealers:
BofA Securities Europe SA
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Goldman Sachs International
J.P. Morgan SE
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
UBS AG London Branch
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.
Certain Restrictions:
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Offering Circular.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting

--- Page 12 ---
A51796379 
12
deposits contained in section 19 of the FSMA unless they are 
issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
"Subscription and Sale".
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent:
The Bank of New York Mellon
Agent Bank:
The Bank of New York Mellon
Trustee:
M&G Trustee Company Limited
Transfer Agent:
The Bank of New York Mellon
Registrar:
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
Programme Size:
Up to €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement.
Distribution:
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies:
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, U.S. dollars, yen and any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.
Maturities:
Each of the Senior Notes and Dated Subordinated Notes will 
have such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency.
Undated Subordinated Notes are perpetual securities in respect 
of which there is no fixed redemption date and the Issuer shall 
only have the right to redeem, substitute or vary the Undated 
Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 7 or Condition 8 of 
the Subordinated Notes, respectively.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt 
Senior Notes, a partly-paid basis and at an issue price which is 
at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.
Form of Notes:
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in "Form of the Notes". Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa.
Fixed Rate Senior Notes and Fixed 
Rate Subordinated Notes (together, 
"Fixed Rate Notes"):
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.

--- Page 13 ---
A51796379 
13
Floating Rate Senior Notes and 
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
(together, "Floating Rate Notes"):
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 
ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of the relevant Series); or
(b)
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes, Pricing 
Supplement).
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and 
will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.
Zero Coupon Senior Notes:
Zero Coupon Senior Notes may be offered and will not bear 
interest and may be sold at a discount to their nominal amount.
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated 
Notes:
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes will bear interest on 
their principal amount from (and including) the Issue Date to 
but excluding the First Reset Date at the First Fixed Rate of 
Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, this 
fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference to a mid-
market swap rate for the relevant Specified Currency or to a 
reference bond yield to maturity, and for a period equal to the 
reset period, as adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. Such interest 
will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or determined pursuant 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes.
Exempt Senior Notes:
The Issuer may issue Exempt Senior Notes which are Index 
Linked Notes, Dual Currency Notes, Partly Paid Notes or Notes 
redeemable in one or more instalments.
Index Linked Notes: Payments of principal in respect of Index 
Linked Redemption Notes or of interest in respect of Index 
Linked Interest Notes will be calculated by reference to such 
index and/or formula or to changes in the prices of securities or 
commodities or to such other factors as the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer may agree.

--- Page 14 ---
A51796379 
14
Dual Currency Notes: Payments (whether in respect of 
principal or interest and whether at maturity or otherwise) in 
respect of Dual Currency Notes will be made in such 
currencies, and based on such rates of exchange, as the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer may agree.
Partly Paid Notes: The Issuer may issue Notes in respect of 
which the issue price is paid in separate instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
may agree.
Notes redeemable in instalments: The Issuer may issue Notes 
which may be redeemed in separate instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
may agree.
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that 
Exempt Senior Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated 
by the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes, in which 
event the relevant provisions will be included in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.
Redemption:
The applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Senior 
Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement) will indicate either 
that the relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than in the case of Exempt Senior Notes in 
specified instalments, if applicable, or for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case 
may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated 
maturity and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above.
Benchmark Discontinuation:
In the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes or 
Floating Rate Notes, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event has occurred, the relevant benchmark or screen rate may 
be replaced by a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor 
Rate but the Issuer determines there is an Alternative Rate 
(acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference 
to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser), such Alternative 
Rate. An Adjustment Spread may also be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), 
together with any Benchmark Amendments (which in the case 
of any Alternative Rate, any Adjustment Spread unless formally 
recommended or provided for and any Benchmark

--- Page 15 ---
A51796379 
15
Amendments shall be determined by the Issuer, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such 
sources as it deems appropriate, which may include 
consultation with an Independent Adviser). This is further 
described in Condition 5.3 of the Senior Notes and Condition 
4.4 of the Subordinated Notes.
Denomination of Notes:
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain 
Restrictions – Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
(other than an Exempt Senior Note) will be €100,000 or, where 
it is a Note to be admitted to trading only on a regulated 
market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which 
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) have access, €1,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent 
amounts in such currency).
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 of the Senior 
Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 10 of the Subordinated 
Notes. In the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer 
will, save in certain limited circumstances provided in 
Condition 8 of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, 
Condition 10 of the Subordinated Notes, be required to pay 
additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted.
Negative Pledge:
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a negative pledge 
provision as further described in Condition 4 of the Senior 
Notes.
Cross Default:
The terms of the Senior Notes will contain a cross default 
provision as further described in Condition 10 of the Senior 
Notes.
Subordinated Notes will not contain any events of default or 
cross default allowing acceleration of the Subordinated Notes.
Status of the Notes:
Senior Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 of 
the Senior Notes) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will 
rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 16 ---
A51796379 
16
Subordinated Notes are direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The rights and claims of 
the Subordinated Noteholders in respect of the Subordinated 
Notes, in each case against the Issuer, are subordinated as 
described in the provisions of Condition 3.1 of the 
Subordinated Notes.
Rating:
Series of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) and will not 
necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to the 
Programme (if any). A security rating is not a recommendation 
to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency.
Listing:
Application has been made for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed on Euronext Dublin.
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. 
Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued.
The applicable Final Terms (or applicable Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) will state whether or not 
the relevant Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading 
and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets.
Governing Law:
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, except Condition 3 
of the Subordinated Notes which will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Luxembourg law.
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg 
law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended, 
shall not apply.
Selling Restrictions:
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, Japan, the EEA (including Belgium), the 
UK, Israel, Singapore and Switzerland and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and 
Sale".
United States Selling Restrictions:
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior 
Notes).

--- Page 17 ---
A51796379 
17
RISK FACTORS
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to 
make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or together 
could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due The Issuer may not be aware of all relevant 
factors and certain factors which it currently deems not to be material may become material as a result of the 
occurrence of events outside the Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in this Offering Circular a number 
of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due.
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER'S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME
Risks Relating to the Real Estate Market
The GCP Group is dependent on demographic and economic developments in Germany and regional 
market conditions in areas where its properties are primarily located, in particular in North Rhine-
Westphalia, Berlin and the metropolitan areas of Dresden/Leipzig/Halle as well as in London.
The Issuer is a specialist real estate company focused on investing in and managing value-add opportunities 
predominantly in densely populated areas in the German residential real estate market as well as in London. As 
of 30 June 2023, the GCP Group's portfolio, excluding assets held for sale properties and properties under 
development, comprised 63,427 units primarily located in North Rhine-Westphalia ("NRW"), Germany's 
largest federal state and the cities of Berlin, Dresden, Leipzig, Halle, Nuremberg, Munich, Mannheim, 
Frankfurt, Mainz, Bremen, Hamburg and London. By fair value, the GCP Group holds 21% of its portfolio in 
NRW, 24% in Berlin and 14% in Dresden, Leipzig and Halle as well as significant holdings in other major cities 
such as Mannheim, Frankfurt and Mainz, Nuremberg-Fürth, Munich, Bremen and Hamburg in Germany and 
18% in London in the UK. Accordingly, the GCP Group's business activities are affected by numerous 
demographic, economic and political factors. In particular, the economic developments in and related to the 
residential property market in Germany and in its regional sub-markets are of significant importance for the 
GCP Group's business and future prospects. These developments play a decisive role in determining property 
prices, rent levels, turnover and vacancy rates and may vary significantly across Germany and within regional 
sub-markets.
As of the date of this Offering Circular, numerous factors are contributing to considerable economic uncertainty. 
The Russian military invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 has already had a negative effect on both 
European and global markets and led to a high degree of uncertainty (see also "The GCP Group's business may 
be negatively affected by the geopolitical situation involving Russia and Ukraine."). 
In addition, the outbreak and continuing repercussions of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 have continued to 
negatively impact the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, created significant volatility and 
disruption in financial markets, and increased unemployment levels (see also "The German real estate market 
and GCP Group's business may be negatively affected by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic."). In Europe, 
the most recent changes to monetary policy, renewed doubts about the future of the Eurozone, political 
uncertainty arising from populist movements, insufficient deleveraging in the private and public sectors, a halt

--- Page 18 ---
A51796379 
18
in implementing structural and financial reforms, and an elevated level of political uncertainty could adversely 
affect the GCP Group's operations.
In Germany, an aging society and other demographic changes are expected to reduce the size of the overall 
population. At the same time, the number of households is expected to increase while the average household 
size is expected to decrease. Therefore, a population decline might not have a significant influence on the 
demand for residential real estate in general if there are sufficient offsetting increases in the number of 
households and/or the amount of space required per person. However, the number of households and the amount 
of space required per person might not increase to the extent projected or at all. In addition, if the population 
begins to decline at a faster rate than expected, and the number of households and average amount of space 
required per person does not increase or increases more slowly than expected, demand for residential units may 
decline.
Demographic forecasts for large and fast-growing cities in Germany deviate from forecasts for less densely 
populated areas, and it is expected that the demographics of urban and rural areas will continue to grow further 
apart. A declining population in rural areas will likely result in decreased demand in the respective housing 
markets and in an oversupply of housing. This trend of high vacancies affects cities and municipalities in the 
eastern part of Germany as well as regions in the western part facing structural problems. Conversely, it is 
expected that big cities in Germany will continue to attract national and international migration. In these areas, 
the number of households could grow significantly in the medium term due to population gains and the trend 
towards smaller household sizes.
A decline in the population in the markets in which the GCP Group holds properties, which is not 
counterbalanced by a rising number of households or an increase of the average amount of space needed, would 
lead to lower demand, and, as a result, may adversely affect the GCP Group's ability to achieve higher 
occupancy rates and average rent levels. Economic developments, such as local employment conditions in these 
locations, or in case of a significant decline of the income or liquidity situation of the respective tenants, may 
also lead to losses with respect to rental income. In addition to the loss of rent, the GCP Group could also be 
exposed to increased vacancies. In such circumstances the GCP Group may not be able to re-let the properties 
on attractive terms or might only be able to do so after making additional investment.
In terms of fair value, approximately 45% of the GCP Group's properties held as of 30 June 2023 were located 
in NRW and Berlin. Thus, there is also a dependence on the general macroeconomic developments of these 
regions. The economic conditions throughout NRW differ substantially from region to region. For example, the 
Ruhr region is still facing structural challenges following the decline of the coal and steel industry, while the 
neighbouring Rhineland is one of the strongest economic areas in Germany. Berlin also faces challenges to the 
economic and demographic developments in certain parts of the city. The same applies to other densely 
populated areas in Germany. Approximately 18% of the GCP Group's properties were located in London as of 
30 June 2023 and include mainly newly built and renovated units as well as social housing units. The economic 
climate in London is dependent not only on the broader economic developments in the UK, but also on 
economic developments in the EU as well as the eventual outcome of the withdrawal of the UK from the 
European Union (see "The withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union may cause significant 
political and economic uncertainty in the European Union, potentially limiting access to debt and equity 
financing for the GCP Group and resulting in defaults by the GCP Group's counterparties."). Thus, the GCP 
Group is not only dependent on general economic and demographic developments in Germany, but also on the 
particular circumstances in the other regions and areas where the GCP Group's properties are located.
While the GCP Group has taken steps to absorb the effects of the expected changing economic and demographic 
conditions, in particular through the repositioning of units, as well as the targeted modernisation of its properties 
to comply with the expectations of its tenants, the GCP Group may nevertheless be negatively affected by

--- Page 19 ---
A51796379 
19
unfavourable economic and demographic developments in Germany, or in the regional sub-markets and other 
areas where its properties are located.
These economic and demographic developments have an impact on the demand for properties owned by the 
GCP Group, rent levels and the solvency of its tenants. Thus, these factors have a significant impact on vacancy 
levels, results from operations of the GCP Group and the value of its properties. Negative developments in the 
indicators discussed above, the dependency of the GCP Group on macro-economic factors beyond its control 
and any misjudgement, miscalculation or failure or inability to react to such developments may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of 
the GCP Group.
The GCP Group's business may be negatively affected by the geopolitical situation involving Russia 
and Ukraine.
The Russian military invasion of Ukraine on 24 February 2022 ("Russia-Ukraine War") has already had a 
negative effect on both European and global markets and led to a high degree of uncertainty. The further 
development of the Russia-Ukraine War as well as its long-term repercussions on the global economy and 
markets are still unclear and may result in a severe decline in growth of the overall economy. The sanctions 
imposed against Russia have resulted in a significant disruption of gas supplies to the EU and could lead to 
further unpredictable reactions from Russia. Germany has made efforts to replace Russian gas with other 
sources of gas. However, this has resulted in a significant increase in gas and energy prices in Germany and 
could result in shortages of energy supplies. This may further contribute to the currently high levels of overall 
inflation, a decline of the overall economy and widespread unemployment.
Although the GCP Group is not directly impacted by the Russia-Ukraine War, as neither its portfolio nor its 
operations have direct exposure to Ukraine or Russia, inflationary pressures have increased, specifically heating 
and energy costs, which could have an impact on the operating costs of the GCP Group. Such pressures may 
also have an impact on the ability of the GCP Group's tenants to pay rent and/or for the GCP Group to recover 
expenses related to recoverable expenses from tenants. In the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the GCP 
Group recorded additional provisions to account for potential losses resulting from the GCP Group's inability 
to pass on higher energy prices. Furthermore, higher levels of inflation have impacted bond yields, while 
increased volatility in the capital markets have reduced the GCP Group's ability to raise capital at attractive 
prices, resulting in an increase in its cost of capital and potentially limiting its growth opportunities.
The large number of refugees entering Germany and the European Union is likely to result in increased strain 
on the residential real estate market in Germany. This may further exacerbate the supply and demand mismatch, 
increase political pressure for home construction and lead to higher utilisation of already limited construction 
capacity, which may result in increased construction costs and delays, particularly in the event of a prolonged 
Russia-Ukraine War. The full impact of the Russia-Ukraine War are currently still unclear and will depend 
significantly on its duration and final outcome as well as the distribution of refugees across the European Union.
Continued escalation may result in other countries joining the conflict and at this stage the Issuer is unable to 
assess the full impact of such a scenario on the GCP Group, and the likelihood of its occurrence.
The GCP Group's business may be negatively affected by high inflation.
The COVID-19 pandemic, the high amount of cash injected into the market as a monetary response and the 
geopolitical situation around Russia and Ukraine, and the subsequent disruption of the global economy have 
led to disrupted supply chains, which have resulted in rising inflation levels and supply shortages since 2021. 
Commodity prices for, for example, oil and gas as well as energy prices have increased significantly and there 
is considerable uncertainty with respect to the future price developments. Higher costs for energy and building

--- Page 20 ---
A51796379 
20
materials may result in tenants' inability to absorb the costs that are passed on to them by their landlord. As a 
result, further losses from uncollected rents and operating costs may be incurred by the GCP Group in the future.
Higher levels of inflation particularly for energy and materials may have an impact on the GCP Group's ability 
to acquire materials for capex measures at a reasonable price and increase utility costs or result in delays across 
the GCP Group's operations. Furthermore, higher levels of inflation across the economy may result in higher 
personnel expenses and expenses related to external services, which could have a negative impact on the GCP 
Group's profitability. In addition, higher levels of inflation have already resulted in increases in yields and 
volatility in capital markets, which has a negative impact on the cost of new financing for the GCP Group on 
one hand and may put upward pressure on discount rates and cap rates if prolonged, which could consequently 
have an adverse impact on the fair value of the GCP Group's assets and share price performance.
An increase in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the real estate markets in which 
the GCP Group operates.
The low interest rate environment over the past decade has generally benefitted the Eurozone economies and 
supported the demand for real estate, including commercial and residential real estate, due to the resulting 
availability of inexpensive financing. The benign interest rate environment has also had a positive impact on 
real estate valuations, as it tends to result in an increase of the value of future cash flows. As inflation levels 
rose through the disruption of supply chains and the Russia-Ukraine War in early 2022, the European Central 
Bank raised interest rate levels nine times in 2022 and 2023 to a rate of 4.25%, increasing the deposit facility 
rate to 3.75% as of June 2023, whereas prior to July 2022 the deposit facility rate had been negative since 2014. 
This is expected to lead to a rise in interest rates in Germany and throughout the Eurozone and could result in 
a decrease in the attractiveness of real estate investments, resulting in lower demand for real estate and broad 
declines in real estate valuations, among other effects. This could further lead to an increased default on loan 
repayments, which could also cause banks to increase their interest rates. An increase in interest rates could 
adversely impact the GCP Group's business in a number of ways, including:

The discount rate used to calculate the value of the GCP Group's properties recorded on the Issuer's 
balance sheet in accordance with International Accounting Standard ("IAS") IAS 40 tends to increase in 
an environment of rising interest rates, which in turn could result in the GCP Group's properties having 
a lower fair value. For more information, see: "The GCP Group may not be able to extend its existing 
credit arrangements, refinance its debt on substantially similar terms when it matures, or obtain 
acquisition financing on financially attractive terms as and when needed.".

Although the GCP Group's current debt structure primarily involves debt at fixed interest rates or, where 
variable interest rates apply, is predominantly subject to interest rate hedging agreements, higher interest 
rates may have a negative impact on the GCP Group's ability to refinance existing debt or incur additional 
debt on favourable terms. Financial institutions such as banks may also be subject to increased equity 
requirements and balance sheet regulations resulting in restraints to lend out money to customers which 
could make it more difficult for the GCP Group to obtain bank financing on desired terms. In general, 
higher interest rates (or market expectations regarding future increases in interest rates) would make 
financing required by the GCP Group for its acquisition, capital expenditure and/or other real estate 
activities more expensive, which could reduce the GCP Group's profits.

When negotiating financing agreements or extending such agreements, the GCP Group depends on its 
ability to agree to terms and conditions that will provide for interest payments that will not impair its 
profit targets, and for amortisation schedules that do not restrict its ability to pay intended dividends. 
Further, the GCP Group may be unable to enter into hedging instruments that may become necessary if 
variable interest rates are agreed upon or may only be able to do so at significant costs. In the current 
environment of rising interest rates, the GCP Group's financing costs, including costs for hedging

--- Page 21 ---
A51796379 
21
instruments, are expected to increase, which could reduce the GCP Group's profits. For instance, the 
GCP Group's financing costs amounted to €27.3 million in the six months ended 30 June 2023, 19% 
higher than the €23.0 million recorded in the six months ended 30 June 2022, primarily as a result of 
higher interest rates on debt raised since the second half of 2022 and from higher rates which have 
impacted variable debt costs, as well the expiry of certain hedging instruments, which resulted in certain 
debt becoming variable and resetting at a higher rate.

The willingness of purchasers to acquire real estate in an environment of rising interest rates may be 
negatively affected, thereby restricting the GCP Group's ability to dispose of its properties on favourable 
terms when desired. Most purchasers finance their acquisitions with lender provided financing through 
mortgages and comparable security (in Germany so-called land charges). Lack of availability of such 
financing at attractive rates could therefore reduce demand for properties.
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the GCP Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns, such as the 
COVID-19 pandemic, together with any measures aimed at mitigating a further expansion thereof, such as 
restrictions on travel, imposition of quarantines, prolonged closures of workplaces, or curfews or other social 
distancing measures, have led to a significant reduction in global economic growth and adversely impacted 
international financial markets and may continue to have adverse effects on the global economy and financial 
markets in general and on the markets in which the GCP Group operates in particular. The implications of such 
outbreaks depend on a number of factors, such as the duration and spread of the respective outbreak as well as 
the timing, suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by authorities, the availability of resources, 
including human, material, infrastructure and financial (such as governmental stimulus packages and/or 
measures introduced by central banks) required to implement effective responses to the respective situation at 
the international, national and regional level, in particular an efficient and speedy vaccination campaign as well 
as the level of civil compliance with such measures. There is no guarantee that such measures, or a combination 
thereof, are effective means to combat such an outbreak and the implications resulting therefrom, which may 
result in an increase of credit risk, liquidity risk and operational risk for the GCP Group.
In addition, the repeated lockdowns to combat the COVID-19 pandemic have negatively affected production 
volumes and supply chains and may lead to higher costs of, or delays in, new construction and modernisation 
projects, which in turn could result in delayed rent increases or income. The COVID-19 pandemic and its impact 
on the global economy described above could have a number of effects on the GCP Group's business, including 
the following:
(i)
Some tenants in the GCP Group's properties could find it increasingly difficult to pay their rent, thereby 
leading to an increase in late payment and reduced demand from owner-occupiers, retail buy-to-let and 
institutional investors, particularly if banks reduce their mortgage lending activities as a result of an 
increase in the rate of mortgage or other credit defaults.
(ii)
Other tenants in the GCP Group's properties may no longer be able to afford to pay rent at all and move 
out, thereby further reducing the GCP Group's income stream. Moreover, if unemployment is 
widespread, the GCP Group may not be able to find tenants to take the place of those tenants that have 
moved out. As a result, the GCP Group may be confronted with having to endure either a higher rate of 
vacancies or lower rental prices at its properties.
(iii)
As regards the GCP Group's properties for sale, lower economic activity could also make it more difficult 
to sell properties at the price expected by the GCP Group or at all. If the GCP Group cannot sell certain

--- Page 22 ---
A51796379 
22
properties, it would be forced to pay the cost of upkeep without the possibility of recouping such costs 
in a later sale.
(iv)
The COVID-19 pandemic, the measures imposed by authorities to mitigate the crisis and the resulting 
economic implications could have material negative effects on the valuation of real estate properties and 
therefore on the assets of the GCP Group. Such declines in value of the GCP Group's properties and loss 
of income may have a negative impact on the compliance with the financial covenants in the GCP 
Group's debt financing arrangements as well as secured financial indebtedness which in the event of 
breaches of financial covenants could trigger substantial early repayment obligations.
(v)
New development projects and modernisation works might see temporary delays due to lockdown 
measures and certain constraints, such as delays of required permits from state authorities, delays in the 
delivery of, and other difficulties with, the supply of raw materials, as well as possible limitations of 
construction workers permitted on site.
(vi)
The GCP Group's access to financing and liquidity may also be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
As a result of increased levels of defaults, banks may have reduced liquidity, which could make it harder 
for the GCP Group to obtain bank financing which it may desire for future acquisitions or re-financing 
purposes. Also, if the capital markets were to become more volatile as a result of the uncertainties 
surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic, the GCP Group may face difficulties in accessing the capital 
markets for new debt or equity financing. Adverse capital market conditions may also lead to increased 
costs of funding, resulting in an adverse impact on the GCP Group's earnings and cash flows and the 
GCP Group's ability to refinance maturing liabilities may be limited.
(vii)
Additional deferrals for rent payments and temporary waivers of rent payment and eviction actions could 
be mandated by law.
(viii)
As a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, the GCP Group undertakes an elevated level of due 
diligence prior to resuming deal sourcing which could result in a slowdown of the rate of deal flow.
(ix)
The range of services offered by the GCP Group could be restricted due to lockdowns, mandatory 
quarantine and other measures.
(x)
Increases in ancillary costs (Betriebskosten), due in part to increased occupational health and safety 
requirements as regards the COVID-19 pandemic.
(xi)
As regards regional developments, the spread of COVID-19 may also slow the rate at which people 
move from rural and suburban areas into cities, which could have a negative impact on rental prices and 
overall residential demand in cities. Similarly, the trend towards "working from home" may result in a 
reduced demand for apartments in metropolitan areas.
The risks outlined above could each have a significant negative impact on the business of the GCP Group. 
Moreover, such impact would be greater if the various risks took effect simultaneously. Therefore, the 
occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the GCP Group's future business, net 
assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.
The withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union may cause significant political and 
economic uncertainty in the European Union, potentially limiting access to debt and equity financing 
for the GCP Group and resulting in defaults by the GCP Group's counterparties.
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 and the transition period ended on 31 December 2020 ("Brexit"). 
Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have 
ceased to apply to the UK.

--- Page 23 ---
A51796379 
23
On 24 December 2020, an agreement in principle was reached in relation to the EU-UK Trade and Cooperation 
Agreement (the "Trade and Cooperation Agreement"), to govern the future relations between the EU and the 
UK following the end of the transition period. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement was signed on 30 
December 2020. The Trade and Cooperation Agreement which had provisional application pending completion 
of ratification procedures, entered into force on 1 May 2021.
Although a trade deal has been agreed, uncertainties remain with regards to aspects such as data sharing and 
financial services. Since it has become official, the impacts of the UK's withdrawal from the EU are expected 
to be seen in the following periods and may have an adverse impact on the economies of the UK and the EU.
The GCP Group relies on access to financial markets in order to refinance its debt liabilities and gain access to 
new financing. Ongoing political uncertainty and any worsening of the economic environment may reduce its 
ability to refinance its existing and future liabilities or gain access to new financing, in each case on favourable 
terms or at all. Furthermore, the GCP Group's counterparties, in particular its hedging counterparties, may not 
be able to fulfil their obligations under their respective agreements due to a lack of liquidity, operational failure, 
bankruptcy or other reasons. In addition, as of 30 June 2023, 18% of the GCP Group's portfolio consisted of 
properties held in London. This percentage may increase in the future, and this portion of the GCP Group's 
portfolio may be particularly exposed to the economic and political impact of Brexit.
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the GCP Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits and prospects.
The continuing uncertainty regarding the development of the global economy, may result in economic 
instability, limited access to debt and equity financing and possible defaults by the GCP Group's 
counterparties.
The severe global economic downturn in the years following the global economic and financial crisis of 2008 
and 2009 and its effects, in particular the scarcity of financing, tensions in the capital markets and weak 
consumer confidence and declining consumption in many markets, adversely impacted economic development 
worldwide. This crisis was followed by sovereign debt and financial deficit crises in many parts of the world, 
particularly in the Eurozone, resulting in recessions and slowed economic development from which some 
Eurozone countries are only now beginning to recover.
This macroeconomic environment gives rise to economic and political instability, including the possibility of a 
breakup of the Eurozone. In addition, the Russia-Ukraine War, the economic sanctions against Russia, Brexit, 
the uncertain economic prospects in China, the results of recent and future elections in a number of Eurozone 
countries, including Germany, other geopolitical crises in the Middle East, the worldwide threat of terrorism, 
the possibility of increased barriers to trade or "trade wars" in or with other countries and other factors, such as 
the fluctuation of raw material prices and currency fluctuations may have negative impacts on the European 
economy. Such instability and the resulting market volatility may also create contagion risks for economically 
strong countries like Germany and may spread to the German or other Eurozone financial sectors and the 
German, British or other Eurozone commercial and residential real estate markets. The German economy, which 
is highly dependent on its exports, might also be adversely impacted by trends to limit global free trade and by 
the introduction of market entry barriers such as market access taxes or tariffs. In particular, if the United States 
should introduce additional market access barriers for German or European businesses, this might negatively 
affect the overall German economic environment.
In order to refinance its liabilities, the GCP Group must be able to access the financial markets. The collapse of 
a number of regional banks in the United States and the subsequent takeover of a Swiss global systemically 
important bank have resulted in increased volatility in financial markets and have sparked concerns of an 
emerging global banking crisis, which could materially adversely affect macroeconomic conditions (including 
the sectors in which the GCP Group operates) and impair the GCP Group's ability to access external financing

--- Page 24 ---
A51796379 
24
options to raise new debt or refinance existing liabilities, including bank finance and through the capital 
markets. Any worsening of the economic environment or the financial markets or a complete "freeze" of the 
capital markets, even if temporary, may reduce its ability to refinance its existing and future liabilities or raise 
new debt on favourable terms or at all when needed. Furthermore, the GCP Group's counterparties, in particular 
its hedging counterparties, may not be able to fulfil their obligations under the respective agreements due to a 
lack of liquidity, operational failure, bankruptcy or other reasons.
Any of these risks could have material adverse effects on the GCP Group's business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flows and results of operations.
The future growth of the GCP Group depends on the development of its specific market for real estate 
properties with value-add potential. The availability of property portfolios for sale at attractive prices is 
an important part of the GCP Group's business model. Increased competition could make it more 
difficult for the GCP Group to implement this strategy.
The GCP Group's strategy is focused on the acquisition of value-add opportunities predominantly in the German 
residential real estate market as well as in London, such as under-managed and/or under-occupied and/or under-
rented property portfolios. This investment strategy depends on the availability of such properties for purchase 
at reasonable prices. Given the undersupply of residential real estate in Germany, in particular in densely 
populated areas, such portfolios or properties may be unavailable or available only on unfavourable terms. Due 
to the ongoing consolidation process within the German residential real estate market, the number of available 
properties has further decreased.
Additionally, the supply of real estate portfolios might be limited, for example due to fewer sales of real estate 
portfolios by municipalities or federal states, or by private sellers. If municipalities and federal states cease 
privatising or if they reduce their privatisation activities, supply could be constricted, which could increase 
competition for acquisitions of properties that would be suitable for the GCP Group and could also motivate 
potential sellers to sell properties in an auction process. All this may result in a price increase of properties, 
which are in the strategic focus of the GCP Group. As a result, it could be more difficult for the GCP Group to 
compete and successfully acquire properties, which could limit the GCP Group's ability to grow its business 
effectively and could have an adverse effect on the future business, cash flows, financial condition and results 
of operations of the GCP Group.
Risks Related to the Business of the GCP Group
The GCP Group could fail in the repositioning of acquired properties or could be not as successful as 
intended in reducing vacancy rates and/or increasing rent on such properties.
The GCP Group focuses on the acquisition of properties which are under-managed and which the GCP Group 
considers to have upside potential as to yield and value, i.e. the properties have vacancies and/or a relatively 
low level of rents compared to the market rent at the time of acquisition. The commercial success of the GCP 
Group depends significantly on the GCP Group's ability to successfully reposition acquired real estate properties 
by reducing the vacancy rate and operating costs while increasing rent levels.
The GCP Group's ability to increase rental income from existing and new tenants and to reduce the vacancy 
rates for its properties depends on several factors. These factors include, in particular, the demand for properties, 
the local market rents, the condition and location of the units, refurbishment and modernisation measures that 
are undertaken and tenant turnover rates. Even if increased modernisation measures would merit higher in-place 
rents as a business matter, the GCP Group is subject to certain limits in its ability to increase in-place rent. In 
setting the rent levels for its properties, the GCP Group is subject to the restrictions of German tenancy laws as 
well as, where applicable, conditions imposed as a consequence of having received public subsidies, or

--- Page 25 ---
A51796379 
25
contractual restrictions under purchase agreements imposed by the seller, or specific terms agreed under tenants' 
lease agreements.
As a consequence, the GCP Group might not be able to reduce vacancy rates and increase rents in a manner or 
to the extent that it expects, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits or prospects of the GCP Group.
Regional composition of the property portfolio of the GCP Group might change in the future due to 
further acquisitions or divestures.
The GCP Group pursues an opportunistic strategy and focuses on real estate property which it considers to have 
a high upside potential. Due to this acquisition strategy, the GCP Group also seeks investment opportunities in 
densely populated metropolitan areas that it believes meet its strategy. This might lead to a change in the 
regional composition of the GCP Group's portfolio. The same would apply if the Issuer sold properties in NRW 
and Berlin, or in other regions that make up its real estate portfolio. A change in the composition of the real 
estate portfolio may lead to a greater geographical distribution of properties and dependency on additional 
regional market conditions in such new areas. This may also result in additional cost in connection with the 
management of the properties and a loss of advantages due to economies of scale. A wider geographical 
distribution could also result in a lower availability of market data, which could inhibit the GCP Group's ability 
to accurately predict the performance of its investments. The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors may 
have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, 
net profits and prospects of the GCP Group.
The GCP Group is exposed to risks related to the maintenance and repair of its properties. Besides 
general investments into the maintenance of the GCP Group's real estate properties, the business model 
of the GCP Group requires investment to be made in the targeted modernisation and repositioning of 
the real estate properties. The modernisation and repositioning of acquired properties as well as 
maintenance projects could take more time or could become more expensive than originally expected.
After acquiring properties, the GCP Group undertakes to maintain rented properties in good condition. For this 
reason, and also to avoid loss of value and maintain demand for a property, the GCP Group performs 
maintenance and repairs on the properties it owns. In addition, modernisation and refurbishment of properties 
may be necessary to increase their appeal or to meet changing legal requirements, such as provisions relating 
to energy savings. Under a small number of loan agreements, the GCP Group has assumed the obligation to 
invest a certain amount into specified properties.
The properties owned by the GCP Group may from time to time require investment for targeted modernisation 
and repositioning as these properties have often been undermanaged and consequently may not have received 
adequate investment from previous owners. In general, targeted modernisations can include the renovation of 
facades and staircases, construction of outdoor and indoor playgrounds, conversion of unit sizes and the 
refurbishment of units according to tenants' requests. Such measures can be expensive and may trigger costs 
that will exceed the costs of general maintenance.
The GCP Group could underestimate the amount required to be invested for the targeted modernisation and 
repositioning of acquired properties as modernisation costs may have increased due to various factors, such as 
increased costs of materials, increased labour costs, increased energy costs, poor weather conditions, 
unexpected safety requirements or unforeseen complexities emerging at the building site.
From time to time, the GCP Group acquires properties which have been newly built and/or converted into 
residential from a different use but in certain cases require additional investment in order to bring them to a 
marketable state. While the GCP Group includes the expected costs for this investment in its business plan

--- Page 26 ---
A51796379 
26
before acquisition, it could underestimate, due to various factors, the amount required to be invested or the time 
required to bring the property to a marketable state, which could lead to an increase in cost.
The GCP Group could also be exposed to risks due to delays in the implementation of modernisation or 
repositioning measures in connection with acquired property portfolios, against which the GCP Group might 
not have been contractually protected. For instance, due to certain market developments primarily caused by or 
related to the COVID-19 pandemic and the Russia-Ukraine War, prices for certain construction materials have 
increased substantially and in some cases such materials have not been available at all. The modernisation of a 
property may also be delayed due to lack of a skilled labour force, bad weather conditions or if a contractor or 
subcontractor does not comply with the agreed time schedule or becomes insolvent during the modernisation 
project. Further, there is a risk that a necessary building permit for a planned modernisation may be delayed, 
only issued subject to further restrictions or refused completely, for example, due to objections of third parties 
such as neighbours.
Higher than planned expenditures or unforeseen additional expenses for modernisation and maintenance that 
cannot be passed on to the tenant and a delay of the modernisation and repositioning of acquired properties 
might therefore negatively affect the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, 
net profits and prospects of the GCP Group. In addition, the negative effects might be strengthened when 
compared to properties without an investment backlog.
The future growth of the GCP Group depends on its continuing ability to acquire properties with upside 
potential. A key factor for the growth of the GCP Group has been its ability to acquire properties using 
its sourcing network. The GCP Group may fail in its ability to source attractive deals.
A part of the business model of the GCP Group is the acquisition of properties with value-add potential in terms 
of capital appreciation and/or investment returns. The GCP Group relies on its ability to acquire properties 
through privileged access to potential sellers and thus depends on its sourcing network and contacts of its key 
personnel in order to identify suitable properties. When engaging in disposals, the GCP Group also relies on its 
ability to successfully reinvest the proceeds from such disposals in suitable properties. The GCP Group may 
fail to maintain its sourcing network and contacts could be lost. As a result, the GCP Group may have difficulties 
finding suitable properties, which could have a material adverse effect on the future business, net assets, cash 
flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the GCP Group.
The GCP Group acquires properties through transactions in a variety of forms, including without limitation, 
asset-based transactions, share deals and acquisitions of non-performing loans ("NPL"). In these transactions, 
the GCP Group seeks to acquire indebtedness of distressed or insolvent companies holding a property or 
properties from their original lenders that would allow an enforcement of mortgages or land charges granted in 
favour of such indebtedness and eventually result in the acquisition of the underlying property. In the case of 
acquisitions of properties via NPLs, the GCP Group may be unable to gain access to the underlying property in 
the time period anticipated by the GCP Group, and therefore may fail to gain access to the property at all, or 
may only do so at a significantly greater cost than anticipated. In addition, the GCP Group invests in real estate 
funds and provides asset-based financing to project developers of real estate ("Loans-to-own"). In these 
transactions, the GCP Group seeks to acquire equity interests in real estate funds or when making Loans-to-
own, provides a specific type indebtedness to project developers that is secured with the underlying property. 
In these cases, the GCP Group's access to the underlying property is limited, and therefore the GCP Group's 
risk to lose parts or all of its investments made through investments in real estate funds or through Loans-to 
own is higher than a direct investment in real estate.

--- Page 27 ---
A51796379 
27
The loss of rent, rent reductions and higher vacancy rates could have a negative effect on the GCP 
Group's business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and 
prospects.
The business of the GCP Group strongly depends on the rental income from its properties, which is influenced 
by rent levels and vacancy rates. A loss of rent, rent reductions and increased vacancies could lead to a decline 
in total current rental income of the GCP Group. There is a risk that the GCP Group may become less profitable 
as a result if demand for residential and, to a lesser extent, commercial real estate declines (in general due to 
social or economic market conditions or in relation to the condition of particular properties) as this may lead to 
increased vacancy rates. If tenants fail to pay their rent in whole or in part (e.g., due to a deterioration of their 
economic situation or of their commercial activity), including utilities (e.g., heating, energy and water) which 
are passed on to the tenants, or if a large number of tenants terminate their lease without the GCP Group being 
able to re-let the property within a reasonable time period, the GCP Group could sustain a decrease in current 
rental income. This could have a significant adverse effect on its results of operations. Even if vacated units are 
re-let, such re-letting may only be possible at less attractive terms.
The GCP Group is also required to maintain its properties in a condition as required by lease agreements and 
law. If such maintenance is not feasible for any reason or required repairs are not performed on time or at all, 
rent levels for such properties may decrease. The occurrence of any of these factors could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations of the GCP 
Group.
The GCP Group may be unable to make acquisitions if it is unable to obtain debt or equity financing.
The GCP Group may be unable to obtain debt or equity financing on acceptable terms, which may limit its 
ability to make further acquisitions and significantly impair its business development and competitiveness. 
Further, any additional debt incurred in connection with future acquisitions could have a significant negative 
impact on the GCP Group's performance indicators, and could result in higher interest expenses for the GCP 
Group. 
Although the GCP Group has successfully raised debt and equity financing in the past, there is no guarantee 
that the GCP Group will be able to obtain debt or equity financing as needed to acquire additional properties in 
the desired volumes. A shortage of required financing may prevent the GCP Group from pursuing its growth 
strategy and could have significant adverse effects on the GCP Group's business, net assets, financial condition, 
cash flows, results of operations, net profits and prospects.
The acquisitions and investments of the GCP Group involve risks. These include unexpected liability 
claims, higher indebtedness and interest expenses. In addition, German real estate transfer tax might 
increase transaction costs and acquired properties or portfolios might not develop as expected.
Before acquiring properties, the GCP Group generally performs a due diligence exercise in order to evaluate 
the properties and to identify risks connected with the properties. There can be no assurance as to the adequacy 
or accuracy of information provided during any due diligence exercise or that such information will remain 
accurate following the conclusion of the due diligence exercise until the acquisition of the relevant properties. 
In certain situations, the GCP Group may enter into transactions with limited time to conduct due diligence 
and/or on the basis of limited, missing, inconsistent or incomplete information. Risks exist, among others, with 
respect to title and security searches, planning permissions and conditions, building permits, licences, fire and 
health and safety certificates and compliance with related regulations as well as restrictions in connection with 
historic preservation laws, subsidised housing or contractual limitations imposed by the seller of the relevant 
property that may relate to investment obligations, limitations as to rent increases or other provisions for extra-
statutory tenant protection.

--- Page 28 ---
A51796379 
28
The properties acquired by the GCP Group are also inspected prior to purchase in the course of a technical due 
diligence investigation with respect to their structural condition and, to the extent necessary, the existence of 
harmful environmental factors. However, the Group or the original acquirers may not have been able to 
undertake (or obtain results for) inspections and surveys (including intrusive environmental and asbestos 
investigations and technical surveys) that the GCP Group would otherwise carry out in relation to comparable 
acquisitions.
It is possible that damage or quality defects could remain entirely undiscovered, or that the scope of such 
problems may not be fully apparent in the course of the due diligence investigation, and/or that defects may 
become apparent only at a later time. In general, sellers exclude liability for hidden defects which would prevent 
a claim for any loss incurred by the GCP Group. If liability for hidden defects has not been fully excluded, it is 
possible that the representations and warranties made in the purchase agreement with respect to the property 
failed to cover all risks and potential problems relating to the acquisition. Even if covered by representations 
and warranties, potential claims of the GCP Group might not be enforceable due to insolvency of the seller or 
for other reasons. In respect of certain properties in the GCP Group's portfolio, only limited investigation or 
review was undertaken prior to purchase as to the existence of harmful environmental contamination.
Besides risks directly related to acquired properties, any acquisition also involves significant use of internal 
personnel and management capacity, which cannot be used otherwise. If the Group is not successful in raising 
additional capital at reasonable costs, it could be unable to acquire additional properties. Additional 
indebtedness in connection with future acquisitions might have a negative impact on key performance 
indicators, such as net asset value metrics calculated in accordance with the recommendations of the European 
Public Real Estate Association ("EPRA") ("EPRA NAV Metrics") and the loan-to-value ratio ("LTV"), which 
might trigger an increase in interest expenses. In addition, certain performance indicators material for the rating 
of the GCP Group might be adversely affected by acquisitions or the GCP Group might breach financial 
covenants under existing loan agreements or its outstanding debt securities (see "Risk Factors – Financial 
Risks"). Under the German Real Estate Transfer Tax Act (Grunderwerbsteuergesetz, "GrEStG"), German real 
estate transfer tax (Grunderwerbsteuer, "RETT") generally applies with respect to the acquisition of the 
property companies holding German real estate, unless the direct and indirect ownership interest of the Issuer 
in newly acquired property companies is less than 90% (see “Risk Factors – Tax Risks – Higher fiscal risks in 
connection with the acquisition of property portfolios may arise if at least 90% of the shares in real estate 
companies with portfolios are directly or indirectly acquired or if direct or indirect changes in the company's 
shareholder structure result in a change of at least 90% of the ownership in the shares of real estate holding 
companies within a period of 10 years. In this case, RETT will be triggered for the portfolios acquired together 
with the companies”). Should the Issuer intend to acquire new German properties on a RETT neutral basis, 
more than 10% of the shares in the acquired property company must be retained by the seller over a period of 
ten years following the acquisition. This might add complexity to the acquisition process, introduce stronger 
minority rights of partners and consequently might increase the acquisition costs and the management costs of 
the property. Consequently, similar RETT considerations may also impact any exit of the Issuer from a German 
property.
In relation to the RETT considerations above, please see also the additional considerations below on the current 
discussion draft of the German Federal Ministry of Finance (Bundesministerium der Finanzen, "BMF") 
providing for a contemplated RETT reform in Germany (see "Risk Factors – Tax Risks – Higher fiscal risks in 
connection with the acquisition of property portfolios may arise if at least 90% of the shares in real estate 
companies with portfolios are directly or indirectly acquired or if direct or indirect changes in the company's 
shareholder structure result in a change of at least 90% of the ownership in the shares of real estate holding 
companies within a period of 10 years. In this case, RETT will be triggered for the portfolios acquired together 
with the companies").

--- Page 29 ---
A51796379 
29
Accordingly, in the course of acquiring a property portfolio, specific risks might not be or might not have been, 
recognised or correctly evaluated which could lead to additional costs and could have an adverse effect on the 
proceeds from rental income and sales of the relevant properties. This could have a material adverse effect on 
the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the 
GCP Group.
The GCP Group may incorrectly appraise the value of acquired properties or property portfolios or real 
estate companies resulting in lower than expected yields and downward adjustment of property 
valuations.
Prior to any acquisition, the GCP Group carries out an examination and evaluation of the properties to be 
acquired. In this respect, the GCP Group sets a yield target, taking into account the need for required 
maintenance, refurbishment or modernisation measures. The GCP Group carries out such work with the 
objective of optimising the properties to make it possible for the GCP Group to achieve higher occupancy or 
rental income from the properties and thereby increase the yield and value obtained from such properties.
The assumptions made in connection with the acquisition of a property portfolio, particularly with respect to 
anticipated rent, refurbishment investments and/or costs, and vacancy could be incorrect because of many 
factors that can affect the accuracy of these assumptions. During times of reduced real estate transactions levels, 
market prices for properties may be difficult to assess. In addition, valuation methods used could subsequently 
be found to have been unsuitable. Accordingly, there is a risk that the acquired properties may achieve less than 
the originally expected yields. In addition, it could subsequently become more difficult to lease or sell the 
property, the market rent at that location could decline, and there could be vacancies and income shortfalls from 
vacancy. The multitude of factors that affect the market rent that can be charged in a particular market make it 
difficult to project future rent, and consequently the rent projected in connection with the acquisition of a 
property may not be attainable.
Incorrect and erroneous valuations in connection with the acquisition of property portfolios and other 
unforeseeable events could result in the GCP Group being unable to achieve its projected yields, leading to the 
risk that valuations of the properties may have to be adjusted downwards. These revaluations can negatively 
affect the value of the property portfolio of the GCP Group shown in the financial statements and lead to 
negative impacts on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits 
and prospects of the GCP Group (see "Risk Factors – Valuation Risks – Real estate valuation is based on 
assumptions that may change and are inherently subjective and uncertain. The values recorded in the GCP 
Group's consolidated financial statements may not reflect the value of the GCP Group's property portfolio or 
development rights held by the GCP Group. ").
With respect to certain of its properties, the GCP Group is subject to contractual rent restrictions or 
restrictions on disposal inter alia, under so-called charters of social rights (Sozialchartas), which 
restrict its ability to freely divest parts of its portfolio. In addition, the GCP Group's portfolio receives 
subsidies from public authorities which restrict the level of rents chargeable on a part of the GCP 
Group's portfolio. Providers of the subsidised loans may also unilaterally exercise their right to increase 
the rate of interest payable on such loans.
Residential real estate transactions often include contractual provisions restricting a buyer's right to sell the 
acquired properties, to increase the rent or to terminate existing leases. These restrictions might reduce the 
attractiveness of the affected units for prospective purchasers. Such restrictions often result from so-called 
charters of social rights (Sozialchartas) which are especially common in connection with the privatisation of 
publicly-owned property, where the selling public authorities (particularly cities and municipalities) often 
intend to mitigate potential social effects of such transactions, or when these portfolios are subsequently sold 
on to third parties. Usually, most obligations lapse in full or in part after a certain period of time.

--- Page 30 ---
A51796379 
30
In addition, the GCP Group holds certain properties which are subject to grants from public authorities in the 
form of construction subsidies, expenses subsidies, expense loans and low-interest loans that impose certain 
limitations on the GCP Group. Most of the subsidies are granted in the form of low-interest long-term loans. 
The public bodies granting a subsidised loan impose maximum rent levels on the properties constructed, 
acquired or modernised using such subsidised loan in order to compensate for construction, financing and 
property-related costs. Because the rent levels set by the public bodies are significantly below current market 
rents for a number of rent-restricted residential units, it may be difficult to increase rents to market levels even 
after the lapse of subsidy restrictions because of the lack of tenants who are willing or able to pay market level 
rents for such properties.
Moreover, some of the GCP Group's subsidised loan agreements contain a clause pursuant to which the provider 
of the loan is granted the right to unilaterally increase the rate of interest up to certain maximum amounts per 
annum. In such an event, the GCP Group is entitled to increase its rents accordingly. The lenders under these 
agreements have exercised this right only selectively in the recent past. It cannot be excluded, however, that 
lenders may exercise this right more frequently in the future. 
Some of the aforementioned restrictions may limit the GCP Group's ability to attractively market parts of its 
portfolio, which in turn could potentially force the GCP Group to pass up opportunities for streamlining and 
generating profit. They could thereby lower the fair value of the GCP Group's property portfolio and limit its 
ability to generate cash flow from selective divestitures. This could have material adverse effects on the GCP 
Group's business, net assets, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits and prospects.
The investments of the GCP Group are predominantly investments in real estate. Due to the potentially 
illiquid nature of the real estate market, the GCP Group may not be able to sell any portion of its 
portfolio on favourable terms or at all. In addition, the GCP Group may not be able to collect deferred 
purchase price payments granted as vendor loans due to solvency issues of buyers.
The general strategy of the GCP Group is mainly to hold onto its acquired properties. However, the GCP Group 
might also opportunistically sell a property or a portfolio of properties under certain circumstances. The ability 
of the GCP Group to sell a property depends on the market liquidity at the time of the potential resale. The 
demand for real estate assets is influenced by, among other factors, the property status, the vacancy rate, the 
general economic situation, the level of interest rates and the availability of debt financing. As a result of general 
economic conditions and due to a variety of further reasons, there may not be a sufficient number of potential 
buyers to enable the GCP Group to dispose of a property when it wishes on favourable terms.
If the GCP Group was required to liquidate parts of its total portfolio under legal, financial or time pressure, 
there is no guarantee that the GCP Group would be able to do so in a timely fashion or on favourable terms, or 
at all. For example, in the event of a forced sale as a result of collateral enforcement by creditors, there would 
likely be a significant shortfall between the fair value and/or market value of (i) the property, (ii) the property 
portfolio or (iii) the shares held by the GCP Group in an investee real estate company, as the case may be, and 
the price achievable upon the sale of any of the foregoing, and there can be no guarantee that the price obtained 
by the GCP Group would represent fair value or market value for such assets.
When selling properties, the GCP Group from time to time may agree with the respective buyer to defer parts 
of the purchase price and to grant a vendor loan for the deferred portion of the purchase price. There is no 
guarantee that the buyer will be able to repay the vendor loan in full or at all at the maturity of such loan. While 
in the case of a vendor loan, such loan is secured by the real estate assets of the underlying transaction, there is 
a risk that the asset will have reduced in value since the transaction took place due to poor performance or a 
change in the market environment, which may have a negative financial impact on the GCP Group.
The current economic environment could lead to an increased supply of real estate properties, as landowners 
may be forced to sell real estate properties to gain liquidity. At the same time, the demand for real estate could

--- Page 31 ---
A51796379 
31
decrease due to a possible economic downturn and other effects. This could have a negative effect on property 
prices as well as the GCP Group's portfolio and thus impair the GCP Group's ability to sell its real estate 
properties on favourable terms. Due to the effects of the current economic situation, any future negative impact 
on property prices remains uncertain.
Any such shortfall could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial 
condition, results of operations, net profits or prospects of the GCP Group.
In addition to its current business model, the GCP Group is engaged in single unit sales (privatisations), 
which may result in some units of the developed condominiums remaining unsold. The unsold units 
may require greater administrative resources and may lead to additional expenses and other negative 
consequences for the GCP Group.
The GCP Group selectively sells individual residential units to owner-occupants or small capital investors in 
single unit sales (privatisations). In general, individual residential units can be sold at a premium compared to 
bulk sales of residential properties and at prices exceeding their fair value. In executing such sales, the GCP 
Group would sell individual units but not necessarily all units within a building. Management of partially sold 
properties may require greater administrative resources than the management of units in properties entirely 
owned by the GCP Group. For example, owners of units in a residential property may decide on measures which 
concern the property as a whole by majority vote at the unit owners' assembly convened by the facility manager. 
If the GCP Group sells only individual units in a property it currently owns, it may lose its ability to control 
decision-making and could be forced to comply with decisions passed by a majority of the owners of other units 
in the relevant property with respect to property management, such as the performance of maintenance and 
modernisation, which could be economically impractical and might result in the incurrence of additional costs. 
Since the GCP Group would have to bear a proportionate share of these costs, this could adversely affect the 
GCP Group's profitability.
In addition, pursuant to the German Condominium Act (Wohnungseigentumsgesetz), condominium owners may 
only engage a facility manager for a maximum of five years. Thereafter, the contract must be renewed or another 
manager can be engaged. Upon the expiration of the applicable contract, the GCP Group might not be 
reappointed as facility manager with respect to partially sold residential properties. If the GCP Group is not 
reappointed, this could increase the risk that the newly appointed facility manager may make decisions 
unfavourable for the GCP Group.
The occurrence of any of these risks could have material adverse effects on the GCP Group's business, net 
assets, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits and prospects.
The GCP Group may be exposed to losses and liabilities (including tax liabilities) in respect of its assets 
as a result of the acts or omissions of vendors or previous owners or occupiers, or relating to the prior 
period of ownership.
The GCP Group may be exposed to losses and liabilities including, but not limited to, tax, environmental and 
regulatory liabilities, in respect of properties the GCP Group has acquired or will acquire in the future, as a 
result of the acts or omissions of the relevant vendors or previous owners or occupiers of such assets. When the 
GCP Group acquires properties through the acquisition of other companies, the liabilities, provisions and other 
values booked by the GCP Group may not accurately reflect the actual values of the property or the company 
or the result that the GCP Group anticipated as part of the acquisition. The actual values may be materially 
lower than the face values recorded by the GCP Group, which may result in significant losses for the GCP 
Group. There is no guarantee that the GCP Group will have knowledge of, or able to determine, the scope of 
such losses and liabilities prior to acquiring the assets. If any such risks materialise, this could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and 
prospects of the GCP Group.

--- Page 32 ---
A51796379 
32
Following an acquisition, the GCP Group is exposed to integration risks.
After the acquisition of properties or a property portfolio, the properties must be integrated into the GCP Group's 
existing management platform. The GCP Group has developed an information technology ("IT") based 
platform that provides efficient in-house management of its existing real estate portfolio as well as the 
integration of newly acquired properties. The integration of acquired portfolios may fail or take longer than 
anticipated and cost savings and synergies may not develop as expected, resulting in higher administrative and 
management costs. Furthermore, the integration of IT systems of newly acquired properties or property 
portfolios into the existing IT-platform of the GCP Group or transmission of the respective data into the IT 
system of the GCP Group could require significant time and effort and related costs. It is possible that further 
acquisitions could cause a significant increase of such costs which could have adverse effects on the business, 
net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the GCP Group.
Some of the GCP Group's properties are located in areas outside of NRW, Berlin, Dresden, Leipzig and 
Halle, which may lead to higher management costs and limit the level of service that GCP Group is able 
to provide.
Although the Issuer intends to acquire additional properties in those regions where it already owns substantial 
portions of its portfolio, it cannot be excluded that the GCP Group will acquire properties in other regions (e.g., 
as part of the acquisition of an existing property portfolio by the GCP Group). As of 30 June 2023, 
approximately 18% of the GCP Group's portfolio was located in London, UK.
The GCP Group has centralised most of its property management activities but also provides for on-site regional 
offices and services. The management of properties outside those regions where the GCP Group already owns 
other properties may incur higher costs compared to the management of properties in the regions of NRW, 
Berlin, Dresden, Leipzig and Halle, where the GCP Group held 59% of its total portfolio (according to fair 
value as of 30 June 2023). Furthermore, there is a risk that the GCP Group makes investments in certain markets 
that fail to meet the expectations of potential tenants in these markets due to the lack of specific knowledge of 
the relevant regional markets.
The occurrence of any of these risks could have an adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition and results of operations of the GCP Group.
Minority interests of third parties in subsidiaries of the GCP Group or co-investments may make it 
difficult to implement significant structural changes or other material decisions with regard to these 
entities, in particular, where those resolutions require a qualified majority or the unanimous consent 
of all shareholders of these entities.
The Issuer and/or its subsidiaries do not own all shares and/or do not hold all voting rights in certain subsidiaries, 
joint ventures and co-investments, and thus exposed to the influence of other shareholders or joint venture 
partners in the respective entities, including the holdings of minority shareholders. In some cases, significant 
structural changes or other material decisions with respect to such entities may only be implemented with 
qualified majority consent and/or the consent of the remaining shareholders or the joint venture partner under 
the terms of the joint venture or shareholder agreement. Such provisions may limit the GCP Group's flexibility 
to implement its strategy, policies or objectives with respect to the entity in question or even with respect to the 
GCP Group itself. This could affect the distribution of dividends from such subsidiary or the sale of shares in 
such subsidiary or related properties. Furthermore, a joint venture partner or minority shareholder may have 
economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of the GCP Group, take actions contrary 
to the GCP Group's strategy, policies or objectives, experience financial or other difficulties, or be unable or 
unwilling to fulfil their obligations under the relevant co-investment agreement. The occurrence of any of the 
foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, 
results of operations, net profits and prospects of the GCP Group.

--- Page 33 ---
A51796379 
33
The Issuer is a subsidiary of Aroundtown SA, which is in a position to exert significant influence over 
the Issuer. The interests pursued by Aroundtown SA could differ from the interests of other 
shareholders.
Edolaxia Group Limited, Cyprus ("Edolaxia"), a subsidiary of Aroundtown SA, Luxembourg 
("Aroundtown"), a listed company, holds 60.5% of the voting rights in the Issuer (excluding treasury shares) 
as of 30 June 2023 and is the Issuer's largest shareholder. Through Edolaxia, Aroundtown is in a position to 
exert significant influence at the general meeting of the Issuer's shareholders. At any general meeting of the 
Issuer's shareholders, Edolaxia can adopt and implement or prevent the adoption of resolutions by such general 
meeting of the Issuer's shareholders which require a simple majority or even higher majorities, solely through 
the exercise of its own voting rights. Such resolutions include, amongst others, the appointment of members of 
the board of directors and the distribution of dividends.
In any of the aforementioned instances, the interests of Aroundtown could deviate from the interests of other 
shareholders. Even if Aroundtown would not in fact use its stake to influence the Issuer contrary to its own 
interests, the possibility of such an influence could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's share price and 
make it more difficult for the Issuer, for example, to raise capital. The occurrence of any of the foregoing factors 
may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of 
operations, net profits and prospects of the GCP Group.
The GCP Group could sustain substantial losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its 
insurance policies.
The properties held by the GCP Group are insured against losses due to fire, flooding, earthquakes and other 
natural hazards as well as terrorism to the extent usual for its business. The GCP Group's insurance policies are, 
however, subject to exclusions and limitations of liability. The GCP Group may, therefore, have limited or no 
coverage relating to third-party liability, other natural disasters and other environmental risks or war. The GCP 
Group may also have limited or no coverage relating to inflation, changes in planning laws or regulations, 
building codes and ordinances, title defects and defective construction. In addition, the GCP Group's insurance 
providers could become insolvent. The GCP Group also does not maintain separate funds or otherwise set aside 
reserves to cover losses or third-party claims from uninsured events. Should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess 
of the GCP Group's insurance limits occur, the GCP Group could lose capital invested in the affected property 
as well as anticipated income and capital appreciation from that property. In such circumstances, the GCP Group 
may incur further costs to repair damages caused by uninsured risks. The GCP Group could also remain liable 
for any debt or other financial obligation related to such property. Thus, the GCP Group may experience material 
losses in excess of insurance proceeds, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, 
cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the GCP Group.
The GCP Group may face difficulties to replace key personnel if it loses them.
The success of the GCP Group depends to a high degree on the performance of its management executives and 
qualified employees in key positions, particularly employees active in the management of the GCP Group with 
substantial expertise as to the sourcing of new property portfolios and the value-add and repositioning process 
for real estate. The loss of one or more members of the Board of Directors, the management body or other key 
employees of the GCP Group could impair the GCP Group's ability to manage its operations effectively, in 
particular if the GCP Group fails to attract new highly qualified management executives or qualified employees 
in key positions. The GCP Group also faces competition for highly qualified employees from competing real 
estate companies and other types of companies, and may not be able to recruit, retain or replace key employees 
in a timely fashion or at all.

--- Page 34 ---
A51796379 
34
The failure to provide the necessary management resources or to replace key employees may have a material 
adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations of the GCP 
Group.
Damage or interruptions to the GCP Group's IT system could lead to diminished data security and limit 
the GCP Group's business operations.
The GCP Group's proprietary IT system is an important facilitator of the GCP Group's business optimisation 
strategy and essential for its business operations and success. Any interruptions in, failures of, or damage to, 
this IT system could lead to business process delays or interruptions. If the GCP Group's IT system was to fail 
and back-ups were not available, the GCP Group would have to recreate existing databases, which would be 
time-consuming and expensive. The GCP Group may also have to expend additional funds and resources to 
protect against or to remedy potential or existing security breaches and related consequences. Any malfunction 
or impairment of the GCP Group's computer systems could interrupt its operations, lead to increased costs, and 
may result in lost revenue. The GCP Group cannot guarantee that anticipated and/or recognised malfunctions 
can be avoided by appropriate preventative security measure in every case. Damage to, malfunction or 
interruptions in the GCP Group's IT system could therefore have a material adverse effect on the business, net 
assets, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations of the GCP Group.
The GCP Group is exposed to reputational risks. Negative publicity or press speculation might cause 
current or potential business partners to distance themselves from a relationship with the GCP Group.
The business model of the GCP Group is based on privileged access to attractive investment opportunities. This 
privileged access is rooted in established relationships with many financial institutions and real estate investors. 
These relationships may suffer if the GCP Group's reputation is damaged by negative publicity, press 
speculation and threatened or actual litigation related to its business. In Germany, public sentiment towards 
financial investors in residential and commercial properties is generally critical, so it cannot be excluded that 
the GCP Group may become the target of negative publicity. Such negative publicity may cause business 
partners of the GCP Group to distance themselves from the GCP Group, which could harm the sourcing network 
of the GCP Group. If the GCP Group is unable to maintain its reputation and high level of customer service, 
customer satisfaction and demand for its services and properties could suffer. In particular, harm to the GCP 
Group's reputation could make it more difficult for the GCP Group to let its residential units and could lead to 
delays in rental payments or the termination of rental contracts by its tenants. Any reputational damage due to 
the GCP Group's inability to meet customer service expectations could consequently limit its ability to retain 
existing and attract new customers. Furthermore, harm to its reputation could impair the GCP Group's ability 
to raise capital on favourable terms or at all.
Thus, an impairment of its reputation may have an adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the GCP Group.
Valuation Risks
In the event of a downturn in the real estate market, the fair value model could require the GCP Group 
to adjust current fair values of its properties (such as in the case of a change in interest rate levels or a 
deterioration of the market), which could have adverse effects on the valuation of the Group's property 
portfolios.
The GCP Group accounts for its investment properties at fair value. The valuation is done by third party 
appraisers. The valuation model considers the present value of net cash flows to be generated from the property, 
taking into account expected rental growth rate, void periods, occupancy rate, lease incentive costs such as rent-
free period and other costs not paid by tenants. The expected net cash flows are discounted using risk-adjusted

--- Page 35 ---
A51796379 
35
discount rates. Among other factors, the discount rate estimation considers the quality of a building and its 
location, tenant credit quality, duration and lease terms.
The fair value thus reflects not only the circumstances directly connected with the property but also the general 
conditions of the real estate markets, such as regional market developments and general economic conditions 
or interest rate levels. The general economic conditions, the conditions of the real estate market and interest rate 
levels have already been adversely affected by the impact of the current global economic environment such as 
the impacts of the Russia-Ukraine War and the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other developments. Although 
the Issuer recorded a modest revaluation gain in the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the gain resulted 
from higher gains in the first half of the year and were largely reversed in the fourth quarter of 2022. For the 
six months ended 30 June 2023, the GCP Group recorded negative property revaluations in the amount of 
€538.8 million, as a result of higher discount and capitalisation rates as a result of higher interest rates. For 
2023, the Issuer expects that negative pressures will outweigh positive portfolio developments which is 
expected to result in a limited devaluation of the GCP Group's property portfolio. Should the current economic 
situation characterised by high inflation, rising interest rates and the threat of a potential recession in the 
Eurozone continue, further potentially substantial downward adjustments of the fair values of the GCP Group's 
properties may become necessary. Such further downward adjustments, if substantial, are likely to have material 
adverse effects on the GCP Group's business, net assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.
Any change in fair value must be recognised as a profit or loss under the fair value adjustment. Any negative 
significant fair value adjustments the GCP Group is required to make could have significant adverse effects on 
the GCP Group's financial condition and results of operations, as well as the market price of the Issuer's shares. 
Additionally, there would be negative effects on performance indicators, particularly the EPRA NAV Metrics 
and LTV, which may have a negative influence on the rating of the Issuer and may constitute a covenant breach 
under financing agreements.
A negative change in the fair value may thus have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, financial 
condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the GCP Group.
Real estate valuation is based on assumptions that may change and are inherently subjective and 
uncertain. The values recorded in the GCP Group's consolidated financial statements may not reflect 
the value of the GCP Group's property portfolio or development rights held by the GCP Group.
Valuation reports are based on standardised valuation approaches and represent the opinion of the respective 
independent expert who prepared the reports. Valuation reports are based on customary assumptions which have 
only been verified by random sampling. In valuing a property, an appraiser may consider factors such as real 
estate tax rates, operating expenses, potential environmental liabilities and the risks associated with certain 
construction materials, in addition to expected rental income, the property's condition and its historic vacancy 
level. Therefore, property valuations may be based on assumptions or models that may not be correct or may 
contain mistakes. An adverse change, or a mistake, in one of the assumptions used or factors considered in 
valuing a property can decrease the assessed value of the property.
Development rights held by the GCP Group are typically valued using a residual value model, based on various 
factors such as expected rent of the property or sale price of the completed units, operational expenses after 
completion, construction costs, timing of construction, financing expenses during the development stage and 
after completion, capitalisation rates and assumptions on utilisation and approval of building rights. Any change 
in the assumptions used or factors considered in valuing these development rights may lead to a change in the 
fair value of these development rights, which may result in a write down of the value of such rights for the 
relevant accounting periods.
Important assumptions used by independent real estate appraisers are based on information prepared by the 
GCP Group, such as vacancy rates, average rental periods and current rental income. The valuation reports are

--- Page 36 ---
A51796379 
36
therefore based in part on so-called special assumptions that have not yet occurred at the time the property was 
valued. A change in the factors taken into account and the assumptions used may lead to lower valuation results. 
If several of the special assumptions assumed by the real estate appraisers later prove to be incorrect because 
the circumstances underlying the assumption do not occur, this can have a material adverse effect on the fair 
value of the respective property. In addition, the valuations are carried out by independent appraisers on 
different valuation dates and generally, the further back the valuation date of a valuation report, the greater the 
risk that the values determined therein may have changed due to a wide variety of factors. 
The valuation of the GCP Group's portfolio may not reflect the actual sale or market prices that the GCP Group 
could generate on a sale of its property, even where any such sales occur shortly after the relevant valuation 
date, or the estimated yield and annual rental income of any such property. In particular, during times of reduced 
real estate transaction levels, market prices for properties may be difficult to assess.
Any re-valuation of the portfolio of the GCP Group could also cause the fair values determined for the respective 
valuation date to fall short of the book values of the relevant properties, resulting in a loss of fair value for such 
property. Under such circumstances, the GCP Group would be required to immediately write down the value 
of the relevant properties for the relevant accounting period.
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on the GCP Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition and results of operations.
Financial Risks
The GCP Group may not be able to extend its existing credit arrangements, refinance its debt on 
substantially similar terms when it matures, or obtain acquisition financing on financially attractive 
terms as and when needed.
The GCP Group has a substantial level of debt. As of 30 June 2023, the GCP Group's total indebtedness 
amounted to €4.0 billion. In addition, the GCP Group had outstanding perpetual notes in an aggregate nominal 
amount of €1,250 million as of 30 June 2023, which are accounted for as equity under IFRS. The GCP Group 
may require additional funds in the form of additional debt or equity financing to finance or refinance its debt, 
capex, future acquisitions and working capital requirements. The extent of the GCP Group's future capital 
requirements will depend on many factors which may be beyond the GCP Group's control, and its ability to 
meet its capital requirements will depend on its future operating performance and ability to generate cash flows. 
Additional sources of financing may include equity, hybrid debt/equity instruments, convertible bonds, debt 
financing (including bank debt) or other arrangements. There can be no assurance, however, that the GCP Group 
will be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms when required. In particular, a further 
deterioration of the economic environment, persistently high inflation rates, rising interest rates and volatile 
capital markets may limit the GCP Group's ability to refinance its existing or future liabilities, or gain access to 
new financing, including debt and equity financing, on attractive terms or at all.
The GCP Group is subject to foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
In addition to its properties in Germany, the GCP Group also owns properties in the UK and is therefore exposed 
to currency exchange rate fluctuations. The GCP Group's accounting currency for its consolidated statements 
is the euro, while some of its subsidiaries in the UK draw up their financial statements in GBP. The exchange 
rates between GBP and the euro may fluctuate significantly. The results of operations and financial position of 
the GCP Group's subsidiaries in the UK and their affiliates are reported in GBP and are then converted into 
euros at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in the GCP Group's consolidated financial statements, which 
are stated in euros. A decline in GBP relative to the euro would have an adverse effect on the value of such 
properties, as reflected in the GCP Group's consolidated financial statements. Any decrease in a fair value of 
properties held in the UK might be exacerbated through exchange rate fluctuations. The GCP Group seeks to

--- Page 37 ---
A51796379 
37
reduce exchange rate fluctuations between the euro and GBP by matching commitments, cash flows and debt 
in the same currency.
In addition, the GCP Group has issued debt in currencies other than in euro, namely in Swiss franc, Hong Kong 
dollars and Japanese yen. Although the GCP Group has typically entered into hedging agreements to mitigate 
currency risks from its foreign currency exposures, the GCP Group is exposed to the risk that its hedging 
counterparties will not perform their obligations under these hedging agreements. Hedging counterparties may 
default on their obligations vis-à-vis the GCP Group due to a lack of liquidity, operational failure, bankruptcy 
or other reasons.
However, the GCP Group may not be able to hedge its currency risks completely through the aforementioned 
measures or at acceptable cost, which could materially adversely affect the GCP Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.
A rise in general interest rate levels is likely to increase the GCP Group's financing costs. When it 
attempts to mitigate interest rate risk by entering into hedging agreements, the GCP Group also becomes 
exposed to the risks associated with the valuation of hedge instruments and these hedges' 
counterparties.
When entering into financing agreements or extending such agreements, the GCP Group depends on its ability 
to agree on terms for interest payments that will not impair its desired profit and amortisation schedules. The 
GCP Group's activities are subject to financing risks arising from changes in interest rates. For instance, the 
European Central Bank has raised its key interest rates materially by several decisions since July 2022. Rising 
interest rates would lead to higher financing costs in the future and may have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the GCP Group. The GCP Group regularly enters into 
financing agreements with variable interest rates while hedging such variable interest rate with customary 
market hedging instruments, such as interest swaps or caps. However, the hedging instruments that the GCP 
Group uses may not be completely effective, and the GCP Group may be unable to enter into necessary 
extensions or renegotiations of financing agreements or hedging instruments at their current terms, including 
associated costs, or to the extent planned. In addition, the GCP Group's interest hedging ratio of 91% as of 30 
June 2023 is expected to decline in the rest of 2023, if not rehedged, mainly due to the expiry of certain hedging 
instruments as well as new bank debt with variable rates. As a result, the GCP Group expects to incur significant 
additional costs as a result of increased exposure to interest rate risks.
Additionally, the hedging agreements that the GCP Group enters into may generally not completely 
counterbalance a potential change in interest rates, whereby the remaining interest rate fluctuations may have a 
negative impact on the GCP Group's equity. In addition, the GCP Group is exposed to the risk that its hedging 
counterparties will not perform their obligations as established by the hedging agreements the GCP Group has 
entered into. Hedging counterparties may default on their obligations towards the GCP Group due to lack of 
liquidity, operational failure, bankruptcy or other reasons.
The occurrence of any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash 
flows, financial condition and results of operations of the GCP Group.
A downgrade or withdrawal of GCP's or Aroundtown's current credit rating may impact the GCP 
Group's ability to obtain financing or issue further debt and may have a negative impact on GCP 
Group's debt costs and on the share price of the GCP Group and/or Aroundtown.
As of the date of this Offering Circular, the Issuer is assigned a "BBB+" investment grade rating with a negative 
outlook by S&P. Additionally, Aroundtown is assigned an investment grade credit rating of "BBB+" with a 
negative outlook from S&P and an investment grade credit rating of "Baa1" with a stable outlook from Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd. ("Moody's") (on an unsolicited basis).

--- Page 38 ---
A51796379 
38
The credit ratings of the GCP Group and/or Aroundtown may be downgraded or withdrawn in future as a result 
of factors that are beyond the Issuer's control, such as a deterioration in the real estate or financial markets, 
value decline of the GCP Group's assets, goodwill impairment or due to weakened financial performance by 
the GCP Group or Aroundtown. Any negative change in the credit rating of the GCP Group and/or Aroundtown 
may, when accessing future financing, require the GCP Group and/or Aroundtown to, among other things, pay 
higher interest rates and/or provide increased collateral or other security if they are able to access such additional 
financing at all. If the GCP Group and/or Aroundtown were to lose its investment grade rating, this would 
significantly restrict refinancing options in the capital markets and significantly increase refinancing costs. In 
particular, future issuances of unsecured bonds and notes may become substantially more expensive or may not 
be possible in the targeted amounts. A downgrade or withdrawal of the credit ratings of the GCP Group and/or 
Aroundtown may also result in a breach of certain financial covenants in their respective credit lines, financing 
arrangements and/or debt issuances, and may have a material adverse effect on their respective businesses. A 
downgrade or withdrawal of the credit ratings of the GCP Group and/or Aroundtown may also result in a 
significant decline in the share price of the GCP Group and/or Aroundtown.
In addition, any negative change in the credit rating of Aroundtown is highly likely to also negatively impact 
the GCP Group since the credit rating of the GCP Group is tied to that of Aroundtown given that the S&P 
methodology considers Aroundtown's stake in the GCP Group as highly strategic. As such, if Aroundtown were 
to be downgraded, such downgrade would also negatively affect the credit rating of the GCP Group and expose 
the GCP Group to the risks described in the foregoing paragraph. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organisation.
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the GCP Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.
The redemption or early redemption by the Issuer of its outstanding bonds may result in a substantial 
payment obligation for the Issuer. 
The Notes and other perpetual notes issued by the Issuer contain provisions that provide for the redemption or 
early redemption of the Notes or perpetual notes in certain situations. The Issuer's other bond issuances may 
also be redeemed prior to their final maturity date in certain situations. In general, the bonds may be redeemed 
in whole but not in part by the Issuer at its discretion subject to the payment of the principal amount of the 
bonds and in certain cases the present value of the remaining interest payments on the bonds, discounted by a 
certain benchmark yield. The Issuer may also generally redeem the outstanding bonds in an issuance if 
purchases (and corresponding cancellations) and/or redemptions and/or conversions (if applicable) have been 
effected in respect of more than 80% of the aggregate principal amount originally issued of the series. The 
Issuer may also redeem the bonds in the event that the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional taxes as a result 
of changes in Luxembourg tax law. The holders of the bonds are also entitled to demand redemption of the 
bonds in certain situations, including as a result of a change of control of the Issuer.
In addition, the Issuer has three different series of perpetual notes with an aggregate nominal amount of €1,250 
million (which are accounted for as equity under IFRS) in issue as at 30 June 2023. The Issuer can redeem the 
first series of perpetual notes at each interest payment date or at the next reset date in 2028, the second series 
starting in 2023 and the third series starting in 2026. The interest rate payable on the perpetual notes is set until 
the first redemption date and may change thereafter, and every subsequent five-year period, depending on 
prevailing interest rates. The perpetual notes each have specified redemption dates on which the applicable 
margin to the reference rate will increase (step-up) by a set amount (See also "Risks related to the GCP Group's 
perpetual notes.").

--- Page 39 ---
A51796379 
39
The redemption or early redemption of any bonds may result in a substantial payment obligation for the Issuer 
and may require the Issuer to take steps to meet their redemption obligations, including borrowing additional 
funds. Redemptions or early redemptions of the Issuer's bonds may have a material adverse effect on the net 
assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the Group.
From time to time the GCP Group provides third parties with interest bearing asset-backed loans with 
the potential to acquire the assets under certain circumstances. The GCP Group is exposed to a 
downside scenario where the value of the underlying asset will be lower than the loan.
The GCP Group identifies opportunities to access control over properties with significant upside through 
providing asset backed loans to third party property owners. This mechanism provides the GCP Group with 
interest income from the loan secured by the asset with the upside of obtaining control of the asset at a 
significant discount. However, if the borrower defaults on its financial obligations and the value of the property 
declines significantly (below the value of the loans given), the GCP Group could be exposed to a loss equal to 
the difference between the loan balance and the reduced value of the property. The occurrence of any of these 
factors could have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition and 
results of operations of the GCP Group.
A change of control in the Issuer and/or the decrease in the free float of the ordinary shares in the 
Issuer below a certain level may result in a substantial payment obligation for the Issuer with respect 
to certain of its outstanding bonds.
According to the conditions of certain of the Issuer's outstanding bonds, the holders of such bonds are entitled 
to request redemption of their bonds in the event of a change of control in the Issuer. Such change of control is 
deemed to be the acquisition of more than 50% of the voting rights in the Issuer by a third party (subject to 
limited exceptions) or the right of a third party to appoint and/or remove the majority of the members of the 
Issuer's board of directors. A repayment obligation under one series of the outstanding bonds will also trigger 
repayment obligation under the other series of outstanding bonds. In the event that bondholders request the 
redemption of their notes at the time the change of control occurs, the potential payment obligations of the 
Issuer may total the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding bonds then outstanding plus accrued interest.
Any such payment obligation would have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer, and could in certain situations lead to the insolvency 
of the Issuer.
The Issuer´s cash flows and possible future dividend payments are dependent on the profitability of the 
GCP Group or must be met by borrowed capital or by selling property.
The Issuer is a holding company and conducts its business primarily through its subsidiaries. In order to service 
its loan debt (principal and interest) and to distribute dividends, the GCP Group needs to continue to achieve 
positive cash flows from operating activities. The GCP Group generally generates such cash flows from rent 
and from proceeds of disposals. If the GCP Group is unable to generate positive cash flows from its operating 
activities in the future, the GCP Group could be forced to sell properties irrespective of the market situation and 
possibly on terms unfavourable to the GCP Group or borrow money on financially unattractive terms. To cover 
its operating costs and to enable dividend payments, the Issuer relies on, among other things, distributions that 
it receives from its subsidiary Grandcity Property Ltd. ("GrandCity") and scheduled repayment of 
intercompany loans it has granted to GrandCity. The distributions by the subsidiaries depend, in turn, on the 
subsidiaries' operating results and their ability to make those distributions in view of their liquidity and under 
applicable law. As a whole, this could have a significant adverse effect on the net assets, cash flows, financial 
condition and results of operations of the GCP Group.

--- Page 40 ---
A51796379 
40
Risks related to the GCP Group's perpetual notes.
The GCP Group has issued a significant amount of perpetual notes which are accounted for as equity in the 
Issuer's consolidated balance sheet under IFRS and which are treated for a certain time period at 50% of their 
outstanding principal amount as equity by certain rating agencies when awarding credit ratings. The perpetual 
notes do not provide for a maturity date and under their terms, the repayment of the perpetual notes as well as 
any interest payments are within the discretion of the GCP Group and may not be enforced by the noteholders, 
other than in certain scenarios such as an insolvency of the Issuer, where claims of holders of perpetual notes 
are treated junior to all other obligations of the Issuer and only senior to claims relating to the shareholders of 
the Issuer. However, the terms of the perpetual notes provide for a contractual increase of the applicable interest 
rate after a certain initial duration (a so called "interest-rate-reset"), which is in most cases applicable after the 
first call date occurring after a duration of five years. The interest-rate reset applicable to perpetual notes of the 
GCP Group is based on the five year mid-swap rate, which may result in a significant increase in the cost of 
interest of the GCP Group after the first interest-rate reset date and negatively affect the GCP's Group future 
cash flows and profitability.. As of 30 June 2023, the GCP Group had issued perpetual notes with an aggregate 
nominal amount of €1,250 million with interest-rate reset dates occurring in 2023 (€550 million) and 2026 
(€700 million).
Although holders of perpetual notes under the respective terms and conditions of the perpetual notes have no 
legal recourse against the Issuer for repayment of the perpetual notes on the occurrence of an interest-rate reset 
date, it may be the general expectation of the capital markets and investors investing in instruments like 
perpetual notes that issuers will repay such instruments on the relevant first interest-rate reset date. On 29 
November 2022, the GCP Group decided not to exercise the option to voluntarily redeem one series of its 
outstanding perpetual notes on the first interest-rate reset date in January 2023. As the GCP Group decided not 
to exercise its option to voluntarily redeem one of its outstanding perpetual notes on the first interest-rate reset 
date in January 2023 (€200 million out of €550 million mentioned above), the coupon rate for these notes were 
reset and will impact the interest payments under these instruments until the next interest-rate reset date in 
January 2028, unless redeemed or refinanced.
Although the increased interest rates applicable from an interest-rate reset date under the perpetual notes may 
be beneficial to the GCP Group compared to the then available terms for obtaining comparable equity or equity-
like financing, inaction of the GCP Group regarding a repayment of perpetual notes on the first interest-rate 
reset date may deteriorate investor confidence in capital markets instruments issued by the GCP Group. In 
particular, the GCP Group may lose its ability to issue additional perpetual notes in the future at competitive 
rates or at all. This would significantly limit the GCP Group's ability to fundraise through the capital markets. 
Even if the 50% equity credit awarded by rating agencies for credit rating purposes is generally only available 
for the term until the first interest-rate reset date, it can also not be ruled out that rating agencies would take any 
inaction by an issuer to repay perpetual notes on the first interest-rate reset date into consideration when 
awarding a future credit rating or even downgrade an existing credit rating based on these considerations.
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the GCP Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.
There are risks of foreclosure if the relevant borrowing entity of the GCP Group does not fulfil its 
obligations under loans granted by banks. A breach of covenants or undertakings under loan 
agreements and/or a change of control within the GCP Group could result in substantial payment 
obligations for the GCP Group and could lead to the enforcement of the related collateral.
To secure its financial obligations, the GCP Group under certain of its financing agreements has granted land 
security. The receivables resulting from loans granted by banks for the purpose of acquiring and re-developing 
properties are usually secured by first-ranking land charges in favour of the lending bank. If the relevant entity

--- Page 41 ---
A51796379 
41
of the GCP Group does not fulfil its obligations under the loan, such entity could be forced to sell the relevant 
property under time pressure or on unfavourable terms, or the lending bank would be entitled to enforce into 
the property. Both may lead to a sale of property at a lower price than originally expected.
Loan agreements between banks and entities of the GCP Group usually provide for financial covenants or 
undertakings. If the relevant entity is in breach of such covenants or undertakings, the lender may terminate the 
affected loan agreements.
As at the date of this Offering Circular, most of the loan agreements of entities of the GCP Group with banks 
provide for standard change of control clauses enabling the respective lender to terminate the loan agreement 
in case of a change of control without the lender's consent. Under a considerable portion of the loan agreements, 
the lender may terminate the loan agreement if (a) the Issuer is no longer (directly or indirectly) the majority 
shareholder of the relevant borrower or (b) the property management of the property concerned is no longer 
performed by a member of the GCP Group. If a loan agreement is terminated due to the aforementioned reasons, 
the outstanding amounts (principal and interests) under the affected loan agreements are immediately due and 
payable, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations 
of the affected entity and the GCP Group.
The GCP Group's historical earnings and other historical financial data are not necessarily predictive 
of future earnings or other key financial figures of the GCP Group going forward.
The financial information provided for and discussed in this Offering Circular relate to the past performance of 
the Issuer and the GCP Group. The future development of the GCP Group could deviate significantly from past 
results due to a large number of internal and external factors. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the 
Russia-Ukraine War, high inflation, rising interest rates and the threat of a potential recession in the Eurozone 
have resulted in an unprecedented and uncertain economic environment. Accordingly, the GCP Group's 
historical earnings and other historical financial data are not necessarily predictive of future earnings or other 
key financial figures of the GCP Group going forward. For instance, in the six months ended 30 June 2023, the 
GCP Group recorded a net loss of €402 million, mostly as a result of non-cash property revaluation losses. 
Should the GCP Group's future performance be materially different from its past performance, this may have a 
material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects of the GCP Group, together with the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes 
and the value or liquidity of and return on the Notes.
The GCP Group invests in traded securities. There is no guarantee that the GCP Group will not suffer 
losses related to these investments.
The GCP Group invests in traded securities, primarily to generate returns from excess cash. The traded securities 
value depends on parameters which are not in the GCP Group's control and their value may fluctuate. There 
can be no guarantee that the GCP Group will not suffer losses related to these investments which could have a 
material negative impact on GCP Group's net assets, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
Legal and Regulatory Risks 
The GCP Group's business is subject to the general legal environment in Germany, which may change 
to the GCP Group's detriment. German laws protecting residential tenants and existing restrictions on 
the rate of rental increases could make it more difficult to evict tenants, increase the rents of residential 
units owned by the GCP Group or pass on ancillary costs or modernisation investment costs. Moreover, 
there are current political efforts to further restrict rent level increases.
The GCP Group's business is subject to the general legal framework applicable to real estate. This framework 
includes German tenancy law, as well as special provisions under other laws, including social legislation, 
construction laws, historic preservation laws and other public laws. Any changes to German or European laws,

--- Page 42 ---
A51796379 
42
which could include changes with retroactive effect, or changes in the interpretation or application of existing 
laws could, therefore, have a material adverse effect on the GCP Group's revenue and earnings and, thus, have 
a material adverse effect on the net assets, financial conditions and results of operations of the GCP Group. In 
particular, changes to tenant protection laws could make it more difficult to terminate rental contracts, increase 
rents or pass on ancillary costs or modernisation investment costs to tenants. This could have material adverse 
effects on the profitability of the investments and results of operations of the GCP Group.
In Germany, the landlord-tenant relationship is subject to a significant level of statutory regulation which, for 
the most part, provides far-reaching social protection for tenants under residential leases. Under German law, 
the landlord may only terminate a lease agreement if there is a legitimate interest in doing so. 
As a rule, the rent for residential units cannot be increased by more than 20% in three years (capping limit) and 
only up to the typical locally prevailing comparative rent (ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete). German law 
additionally contains the authorisation of German federal state governments to decrease the aforementioned 
capping limit to 15% over a three-year period for specific municipalities. The German federal state governments 
of Bavaria, Berlin, Brandenburg, Bremen, Hamburg, Hessen, NRW, Schleswig-Holstein, Baden-Württemberg, 
Sachsen and Rhineland-Palatinate have made use of this authorisation (e.g. for the municipalities of Berlin, 
Frankfurt and Munich). The German Federal Government (Bundesregierung) has set the goal of lowering the 
limit to 11% in the future. A graduated rent (Staffelmiete) or an index-linked rent (Indexmiete) is only 
permissible within certain limits and is generally unusual in residential leases. Thus, if the tenant is not willing 
to amend the lease agreement accordingly, German law allows the landlord to unilaterally increase the rent (i) 
to the level of the locally prevailing comparative rent (ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete), which in many 
municipalities is determined by a local rent index (Mietspiegel) which is regularly published and updated, or 
(ii) to compensate for certain modernising construction measures, or (iii) to compensate for certain necessary 
construction measures. When residential units are modernised, the landlord may also increase the annual rent 
by 11% of the respective costs incurred in the modernisation of the residential unit if the tenant has been 
informed of such modernisation measures before the end of 2018, subject to statutory and contractual 
requirements. In addition, as from 1 January 2019, regulations were further toughened regarding the limit to 
any newly agreed rent, stipulating inter alia that a landlord shall only be entitled to allocate costs of 
modernisation measures to tenants of residential units by way of an increase of the annual rent in the amount 
of 8% of the cost accrued and only to a maximum of €3.00 per square metre over a period of 6 years, or €2.00 
per square metre for contracts where the rent is below €7.00 per square metre prior to the announcement of the 
modernisation. Following the announcement of a rent increase, tenants may have a special termination right. 
According to German law, the GCP Group may only increase the rent within the limit set by the relevant rent 
index (Mietspiegel) determining the typical locally prevailing comparative rent. 
Additionally, German law authorises the German federal state governments to designate areas with tense 
housing markets by a respective ordinance for a maximum period of five years in each case (and thus a limitation 
would be at the discretion of each federal state). In the areas designated by these ordinances, rent increases for 
new leases are limited to a maximum of 10% above the higher of the locally prevailing comparative rent level 
(ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete) or the previous tenant's rent (Mietpreisbremse). According to the new regulation, 
prior to entering into a lease agreement if the rent is to be more than 10% of the local comparative rent level, 
landlords are also obliged to provide a tenant with unsolicited information about the grounds for the respective 
applicable exception (e.g. the previously agreed rent) . In the event of a breach of the limit to any newly agreed 
rent, the tenant may reclaim the excess rent retroactively. In relation to leases entered into from April 2020, 
tenants are furthermore entitled to reclaim the entire excess rent paid from the start of the lease if they give 
notice of violation of the rent limit in the first 2½ years after the start of the lease and the lease was not already 
terminated when the notice was received. The statutory limitation on the rent for new lease agreements shall, 
however, neither apply to commercial lease agreements nor to the first lease agreements relating to new or fully 
modernised buildings. These ordinances were to be enacted until the end of 2020. The German Federal

--- Page 43 ---
A51796379 
43
Government (Bundesregierung) however extended the period until 31 December 2025. Previously, it was 
unclear whether the German federal state governments are authorised to re-issue area designation ordinances 
(Gebietsverordnungen) after the maximum period of five years has elapsed. The amendment expressly provides 
that the German federal state governments may make multiple use of its authorisations to issue such an 
ordinance. However, the last territorial ordinance must expire on 31 December 2025.
In addition, residential real estate in Germany continues to be a highly sensitive political topic and further 
regulatory developments in this area are likely, in particular with respect to restrictions on increasing the rent 
and passing on modernisation costs. For example, the German Parliament (Bundestag) and the Federal Council 
(Bundesrat) also passed a law that came into force on 1 January 2020 according to which the extension of the 
review period for the determination of the locally prevailing comparative rents was raised from four to six years, 
which resulted in additional restrictions on rent increases of residential real estate. On 17 August 2021, the 
German Parliament passed the Rent Index Reform Act (Gesetz zur Reform des Mietspiegelrechts), which 
entered into force on 1 July 2022. According to this legislation, tenants and landlords are required to provide 
information on the rent and characteristics of apartments for the purposes of drawing up local rent indexes 
(Mietspiegel) and violations will be punishable by a fine. Among other things, rent indexes are to be made more 
legally secure and reliable. In cities with more than 50,000 inhabitants, the creation of a rent index will be 
mandatory. Cities of this size that do not yet have a rent index have to draw one up by 1 January 2023 and if a 
city opts for a qualified rent index, the transition period runs until 1 January 2024. It is also under current 
consideration to introduce legislation that would prohibit landlords from passing their tax burden under German 
property tax to their tenants. On 10 September 2019, the State of Berlin passed a draft bill in the Federal Council 
(Bundesrat) that is still open for discussion.
On 18 October 2019, the German Parliament (Bundestag) also passed a property tax reform, which was 
approved by the Federal Council (Bundesrat) on 8 November 2019. Property tax will thus be calculated 
according to a new system from 2025 onwards. The new model stipulates that the value of the land and the 
average rent play a decisive role in the calculation of property tax. However, the federal states can also introduce 
different calculation methods. Bavaria, for example, wishes to base its calculation solely on the area of a 
property. The concrete effects of the property tax reform are not yet foreseeable but may lead to a higher tax 
burden in individual cases.
On 20 June 2022, the Senate of Berlin and the Alliance for New Housing Construction and Affordable Housing 
(Bündnis für Wohnungsneubau und bezahlbares Wohnen), consisting of representatives of the state of Berlin, 
the municipal and private housing industry (inlcuding, inter alia other listed companies investing in residential 
real estate), the Berlin Chamber of Industry and Commerce, and Berlin welfare associations, signed a joint 
agreement on central issues of rapid and affordable new housing construction, rent development and tenant 
protection, as well as urban development and architecture. The agreement is only binding for the signing parties 
in Berlin. However, it cannot be ruled out that certain provisions will be made law in the state of Berlin or in 
Germany. For example, there is an ongoing discussion on how to limit rent increases by law even further (e.g. 
to prohibit increases in net cold rent that lead to charges of more than 30% of net household income).
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the GCP Group’s business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.
The GCP Group is subject to recent efforts in Germany, in particular in Berlin, to expropriate private 
owners of residential real estate units, such as those held by the GCP Group.
On 26 September 2021, a referendum in Berlin was held ultimately aimed at legislation to expropriate certain 
residential real estate units owned by large real estate companies that own more than 3,000 residential real estate 
units in Berlin.

--- Page 44 ---
A51796379 
44
Approximately 59% of Berlin's eligible votes were cast in favour of the referendum. With ownership of more 
than 3,000 residential real estate units located in the federal state of Berlin, the GCP Group would fall within 
the scope of the referendum. The compensation owners subject to the expropriation should receive as set forth 
in the referendum shall be set far below market value. As the referendum has no immediately binding effect 
and will in addition require Berlin's parliament to implement the relevant legislation. Thus, the government of 
Berlin set up a commission for the implementation of the referendum on 29 March 2022. This commission 
issued its final report on 28 June 2023. The report comes to the conclusion that the “socialisation” – de facto a 
form of expropriation - of large housing companies is legally possible and appropriate. As a result, the new 
major of Berlin stated that he will – although he personally does not support this approach – will initiate the 
process and assessment of enacting a respective “socialisation framework law”. The Senate of Berlin intends 
that this law will come into force two years after enactment to allow for a prior review by the Federal 
Constitutional Court (Bundesverfassungsgericht). However, such a law, if enacted, would probably still be 
challenged in extensive and lengthy subsequent court proceedings. In particular, many legal experts have 
indicated that the intended compensation below market value would be unconstitutional. Even several members 
of the expert commission issued dissenting votes (Sondervoten) in the report, stating their concerns in this 
respect (against the commission’s majority vote which deems this constitutional).
However, given the potential legislation's application in Berlin, the GCP Group with approximately 24% of its 
portfolio by value located in Berlin and a corresponding value of approximately €2.0 billion as of 30 June 2023, 
would be materially adversely affected by such legislation. Any compensation received which is below market 
value would materially increase the GCP Group's leverage position and expropriations generally would 
jeopardise the continuation of the GCP Group's business model relating to the Berlin residential market. This 
would likely have a material negative impact on the GCP Group's business, net assets, financial condition, cash 
flows and results of operations.
The GCP Group's use of standardised documents, clauses and agreements could lead to additional legal 
risks.
The GCP Group maintains legal relationships with a large number of tenants, employees of the GCP Group and 
others. In this context, the GCP Group frequently uses standardised documents, clauses and agreements. If such 
documents, clauses or agreements are found to be invalid, in whole or in part, statutory provisions or judicial 
interpretations which are unfavourable to the GCP Group, may be substituted for such documents, clauses or 
agreements, which may in turn affect a large number of the documents, clauses or agreements used by the GCP 
Group. It is impossible to fully protect the GCP Group against risks from the use of such standardised 
documents, clauses and agreements, due to the frequent changes to the legal frameworks, particularly court 
decisions relating to general terms and conditions of business, especially since courts tend to adopt rather tenant-
friendly decisions.
Standardised terms under German law are required to comply with the statutory law on general terms and 
conditions (Allgemeine Geschäftsbedingungen), which means that they are subject to fairness control by the 
courts regarding their content and the manner in which these are presented to the other contractual party by the 
GCP Group. As a general rule, standardised terms are invalid if they are non-transparent, not clearly worded, 
unbalanced or discriminatory. Any standardised clauses in the GCP Group's contracts deemed invalid could 
lead to a substantial number of claims being brought against the GCP Group or the GCP Group being forced to 
bear costs which it had previously considered to be allocable to its contractual counterparties. In addition, 
clauses which are not standardised may also be invalid, which could have a material adverse effect on the GCP 
Group (e.g., if due to such invalid clauses, a key tenant could exercise an extraordinary termination right).
Further, the German Federal Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof) has ruled that certain standard clauses in 
letting contracts are invalid if they oblige the parties (including potential future parties) to re-establish the 
written form of a lease agreement (Schriftformheilung), if they oblige the tenant to carry out cosmetic repairs

--- Page 45 ---
A51796379 
45
(Schönheitsreparaturen) within a fixed schedule or to fully renovate the apartment at the end of the letting term 
(Endrenovierung), or if they provide for compensation regarding ratios (Quotenabgeltung). The invalidity of 
such clauses results in the landlord being responsible for the repair and maintenance and being required to bear 
all related costs. If the tenant carries out such repair and maintenance works without actually being obliged to 
do so, the landlord might be required to compensate the tenant for the corresponding costs. Even in the case of 
agreements prepared on the basis of legal advice, it is impossible for the GCP Group to fully avoid problems of 
this nature, because changes could occur in the legal framework, particularly as a result of case law, making it 
impossible for the GCP Group to avoid ensuing legal disadvantages.
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the GCP Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.
The growth of the GCP Group's portfolio may be limited by regulation and other laws, including laws 
with respect to environmental modernisation, restrictions on modernisation alternatives and other 
regulations. Moreover, further regulatory developments are likely.
Any changes to applicable German and/or European Union law may have an impact on the GCP Group's 
portfolio, and its future growth, including rent levels and vacancy rates, which may be limited by such changes. 
These laws and any changes to them may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the GCP Group.
Based on environment-related EU directives that have been implemented into the laws of Germany where a 
significant portion of the GCP Group's properties are located, the landlord or the seller of a property will be 
required to present an energy certificate (Energieausweis) before concluding a new lease or sale and purchase 
agreement. Where a property is offered (for sale or lease) via commercial media (i.e. via real estate 
advertisement), the energy performance rating of such property is also to be indicated in accordance with the 
available energy certificate. Penalties may apply if such energy certificate cannot be presented.
Owners of properties with a centralised water facility are also required to take measures to prevent legionella 
bacteria, for example by periodical testing. Further, owners of properties are required to separate drinking water 
from fire-fighting water by establishing and maintaining separate lines for these systems. In addition, owners 
are required to equip residential units in new and existing buildings with smoke detectors.
In Germany, other heightened environmental laws may cause additional costs for the GCP Group. Under the 
German Ordinance on Energy Saving (Energieeinsparverordnung), which was revised with effect from 1 May 
2014, the landlord is responsible for making investments in renovation work for the purpose of reducing energy 
consumption (including through heat insulation). In certain circumstances, thermal renovation of the building 
in question will be necessary and owners of properties are required to renovate the roofs of their let properties 
so as to meet minimum heat insulation standards.
On 1 November 2020, the Building Energy Act (Gebäudeenergiegesetz, "GEG") entered into effect, which 
merges the abovementioned Energy Saving Ordinance (Energieeinsparverordnung, EnEV), the Energy Act 
(Energiegesetz, EnEG) and the Renewable Energy Heat Act (Erneuerbare-Energien-Wärmegesetz, 
EEWärmeG). Under this legislation, gas or oil-heating boilers installed in 1991 or later may only operate for 
30 years and heating-boilers built-in or installed before 1 January 1991 may no longer be operated. The GEG 
contains exceptions however, for example, if a house can neither be supplied with gas nor with district heating 
and the heating cannot be operated from renewable energies, the replacement of old gas or oil heaters is 
subsidised. The current federal government plans a novelty to the GEG that is currently in the legislative 
process, debated in the German Parliament (Bundestag) and may be enacted after the parliament’s “summer 
break” (September 2023). The current version of the draft novelty would impose significant modernisation, 
replacement and/or improvement obligations onto property owners. The draft novelty currently includes inter

--- Page 46 ---
A51796379 
46
alia the obligation that any heating system newly installed from 2024 onwards must be operated by at least 65% 
renewable energy. 
The new Heating Costs Ordinance (Heizkostenverordnung) entered into force on 1 December 2021. Under this 
ordinance, owners whose properties have remotely readable meters installed now have a notification and 
information obligation and meters that cannot be read remotely must be retrofitted or replaced by the end of 
2026. From 2022 onwards, consumption information according to remotely readable meters must be provided 
on a monthly basis. The ordinance provides for a penalty for violating the newly introduced installation and 
information obligations. Users can reduce the share of costs attributable to them by 3% if the building owner 
fails to install remotely readable devices or to fulfil its information obligations. In the event of multiple breaches 
of duty, the reduction rights are cumulative.
Individual German federal states introduced legal requirements for the installation of photovoltaic and solar 
thermal systems in new buildings and for extensive roof renovations. For example, since 1 January 2022, such 
a requirement applies in Baden-Württemberg for new non-residential buildings, from 1 May 2022 on, also for 
new residential buildings and from 1 January 2023 on also in the case of roof renovations. Besides Bremen, 
Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Thuringia, Saxony and Saarland all federal states have already enacted 
respective laws (whereas also theses states currently plan on implementing respective legislation).. It is expected 
that there will soon also be a federal regulation in this regard.
Furthermore, an amendment to the Telecommunication Act (Telekommunikationsgesetz) entered into force on 
1 December 2021, according to which landlords' costs for basic TV service via broadband networks cannot be 
passed on to the tenant in the future. For house distribution networks built after 1 December 2021, the costs can 
no longer be passed on to tenants with immediate effect. For existing properties, there is a transition period until 
30 June 2024.
Decisions from the public authorities on a municipal level could also affect the ability of the GCP Group to 
conduct its business at its discretion. For instance, the municipality can define areas as urban redevelopment 
areas (Sanierungsgebiete) in which an urban redevelopment measure is to be carried out. This imposes certain 
restrictions on the use and refurbishment of properties in such areas. The restrictions may include the obligation 
to obtain the public authority's permission prior to entering into or prolonging a lease agreement with a term 
longer than a year or prior to selling the property. Regarding the construction, alteration and change of use of 
buildings, the granting of a building permit by the relevant authorities is required. The GCP Group may not be 
granted building permits or may only be granted a permit subject to onerous conditions. Further special 
permissions could be required for construction measures within urban development areas (Sanierungsgebiete) 
or preservation areas (Erhaltungsgebiete). In the event that a building permit or a required special permit is not 
granted or granted only subject to onerous conditions, the expected rental income of the relevant real estate 
could be less than originally calculated. A renovation project may become financially unfeasible if a building 
permit or a special permit is not granted or is granted only subject to onerous conditions. If this occurs, the GCP 
Group may not be able or decide not to carry out the relevant project, which may cause a loss of any expenditure 
already incurred. New requirements for construction or modernisation of existing real estate could further result 
in unforeseen additional costs.
In the case of listed historical buildings or monuments in Germany, laws or regulations regarding the protection 
of historical buildings may entail increased expenditures on maintenance and modernisation procedures or may 
restrict the ability of the landlord or owner to carry out certain modernisation, improvement or maintenance 
measures. Such laws or regulations may have a negative impact on the GCP Group's ability to sell or let such 
properties or to use them as security for financing purposes.
Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on the GCP Group's business, net assets, 
financial condition, cash flow and results of operations.

--- Page 47 ---
A51796379 
47
The GCP Group could be liable for properties it has sold.
In the context of a property sale, the GCP Group generally gives representations, warranties, negative 
declarations and covenants with respect to certain characteristics of the sold properties. The resulting 
obligations of the GCP Group may continue to exist for several years after the GCP Group sells a property. 
Among other things, the GCP Group could be subject to claims for damages from purchasers who assert that 
the representations the GCP Group made to them were untrue, or that GCP Group failed to meet its obligations 
under the contract. The GCP Group could become involved in legal disputes with purchasers, as a consequence 
of which the GCP Group could be required to make payments for damages.
As a seller of properties, the GCP Group is liable to tenants for any breach of letting contracts by the buyer 
unless it has notified the tenant of the change of ownership and the tenant fails to terminate the tenancy at the 
earliest permitted termination date. This applies specifically where the GCP Group no longer has any control 
over the property. Moreover, the GCP Group continues to be exposed to liability for breach of contract even in 
the event that the buyer resells the property and the subsequent buyer breaches the letting contract. As a rule, 
when selling properties, the GCP Group informs all tenants in writing of the change of landlord. Such release 
from liability does not apply for rental securities (Mietsicherheiten) provided by the tenants. If the tenant is 
unable to receive its rental security from the buyer of the property, the liability to repay such rental security 
remains with the seller.
Legal or settlement costs, including the costs of defending lawsuits, whether justified or not, as well as potential 
damages associated with liability for properties that the GCP Group has sold could have an adverse effect on 
the cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the GCP Group.
Entities of the GCP Group may be subject to litigation, administrative proceedings and similar claims.
Entities of the GCP Group have regularly been and probably will in the future be subject to administrative and 
legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. Such litigation can relate to matters such as outstanding 
rent payments and the termination of lease contracts. Although not material on a case-by-case basis, such 
litigation ties up resources and may have an adverse effect on the GCP Group's business if they occur frequently 
or in a concentrated manner. Further litigation may result from purchase agreements, either as seller or as 
purchaser, concerning breaches of representations and warranties.
The risk management system of the GCP Group may prove to be partially or completely insufficient or 
fail so that unknown, unrecognised or unexpected risks may materialise.
The GCP Group has a risk management system and risk management strategies and processes in place which 
are tailored to the business of the GCP Group. These are continually updated and are particularly designed to 
monitor market risk, liquidity and financial risk, operational risk, organisational risk and the risk of reputational 
damage. The GCP Group could be faced with risks that have been underestimated or not previously detected. 
Inappropriate risk management measures may cause irregularities leading to official investigations or third-
party claims against the GCP Group, which in turn could have financial and other consequences, as well as 
negative effects on its business, net assets, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits, 
reputation and prospects.
The GCP Group could be exposed to restitution claims.
According to the German Act on Unsettled Property Issues (Gesetz zur Regelung offener Vermögensfragen), 
persons who were expropriated of property within the former German Democratic Republic ("GDR") can claim 
restitution or compensation under certain conditions, in particular if the property was seized without 
compensation or less compensation than citizens of the GDR were entitled to. The German Act on Unsettled 
Property Issues is also applicable to persons who lost property due to racist, political, religious or ideological 
reasons between 1933 and 1945. Although the notification deadline under the German Act of Unsettled Property

--- Page 48 ---
A51796379 
48
Issues, subject to certain exemptions, expired at the end of 1992, the aforementioned restitution and 
compensation claims cannot be entirely excluded. If any such claims were asserted in respect of an entity of the 
GCP Group regarding properties owned by the Group, the GCP Group would be severely limited in its ability 
to manage such properties and may even be forced to transfer such properties to successful claimants without 
adequate compensation. Any such limitations or compulsory transfers of properties could have a material 
adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and 
prospects of the GCP Group.
Control and prevention mechanisms under the compliance system may not be sufficient to protect the 
GCP Group from financial and/or legal risks. Irregularities could result in investigations by competent 
authorities or claims of third parties.
To protect the GCP Group against legal risks and other potential harm, the GCP Group implemented a group-
wide code of conduct. This binding policy addresses conduct, corruption prevention, conflicts of interest, 
information and data protection, discrimination and protection of company property and applies to all 
employees and the members of the board of directors. Moreover, the GCP Group has introduced a code of 
conduct for its business partners. Legal and compliance risks are addressed by the GCP Group's risk 
management. There can be no assurance, however, that the aforementioned compliance arrangements will be 
sufficient to completely prevent all unauthorised practices, legal infringements or corruption within the GCP 
Group. Any failure in compliance could have material adverse effects on its net assets, financial condition, cash 
flows, results of operations, net profits, reputation and prospects.
The GCP Group is subject to certain obligations and restrictions due to the listing of its shares.
Presently, the Issuer's shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
with simultaneous admission to the sub-segment of the regulated market with additional post-admission 
obligations (Prime Standard). Consequently, the Issuer is exposed to the restrictions and obligations arising 
from the applicable laws and regulations, and is expected to comply with the requirements applicable to 
companies whose shares are listed the Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
This stock listing imposes obligations and restrictions on the Issuer under the applicable capital markets 
provision, such as Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the European Market Abuse Regulation), including prohibitions 
of insider trading, insider lists, disclosure of inside information as well as under the applicable rules of the 
Frankfurt Stock Exchange.
These laws and regulations are constantly evolving, and the diversity and complexity of these laws and 
regulations create a risk that, in some instances, the Issuer may be deemed liable for violations of such laws and 
regulations, in particular, in connection with a failure to comply with those laws and regulations. Any violation 
or breach of these laws and regulations could affect the overall reputation of the Issuer and, depending on the 
case, expose the Issuer to administrative or judicial proceedings, which could result in adverse judgments.
The occurrence of any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, cash flows, results of operations, net profits and prospects.
The GCP Group's business is exposed to risks from possible violations of the building code and other 
regulations.
The GCP Group's business is exposed to the risk of non-compliance with building codes and other regulations 
with respect to the construction and maintenance of buildings. Such codes and regulations tend to become 
stricter over time. As a result, in addition to the risk that properties do not comply with such regulations at the 
time of acquisition, the Issuer could be required to upgrade fire, health and safety, environmental as well as 
other protective standards of properties, which could require refurbishments and various maintenance and 
modernisation measures. Further, the estimated cost of implementing these measures is based on the assumption

--- Page 49 ---
A51796379 
49
that the required permits are issued promptly and are consistent with the GCP Group's expectations and 
schedules. It is possible, however, that the required building permits are not issued as scheduled or are issued 
only subject to conditions, which may lead to substantial delays in the completion of such modernisation 
measures and result in higher than projected costs and lower rental income for the relevant properties.
The occurrence of any of the above risks could impair the performance of the GCP Group's business and have 
a material adverse effect on the net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and 
prospects of the GCP Group.
The GCP Group may incur environmental liabilities, e.g. from residual pollution including wartime 
ordnance, soil conditions, mining activities and contaminants in building materials.
Properties owned or acquired by the GCP Group may contain ground contamination, hazardous substances, 
wartime relics (including potentially unexploded ordnance) and/or other residual pollution and environmental 
risks. The GCP Group's properties and their fixtures might contain asbestos or other hazardous substances such 
as polychlorinated biphenyl, dichlorodiphenyltrichloroethane, pentachlorphenol or lindane above the 
recommended levels in excess of allowable or recommended thresholds, or the buildings could bear other 
environmental risks.
The GCP Group bears the risk of cost-intensive assessment, remediation or removal of environmental and other 
hazards. The discovery of any hazardous materials on the sites and/or in the buildings, particularly in connection 
with the letting or sale of properties or borrowing using the real estate as security, could trigger claims for rent 
reductions or termination of lease agreements for cause, for damages and other breach of warranty claims 
against the GCP Group.
Moreover, 
environmental 
laws, 
namely 
under 
the 
German 
Federal 
Soil 
Protection 
Act 
(Bundesbodenschutzgesetz), impose actual and contingent liabilities to undertake remedial action on 
contaminated sites and in contaminated buildings or to compensate for damages. These obligations may relate 
to properties that the GCP Group currently owns, properties that it acquires in the future or properties that the 
GCP Group formerly owned because environmental laws typically impose liability not only on the polluter but 
also on its legal successor, the owner of the contaminated site and in some cases certain previous owners. The 
costs of any removal, investigation or remediation of any residual pollution on such sites or in such buildings 
as well as costs related to legal proceedings, including potential damages, regarding such matters may be 
substantial, and it may be impossible, for a number of reasons, for the GCP Group to have recourse against a 
former seller of a contaminated site or building or the party that may otherwise be responsible for the 
contamination (for example, because the former seller or polluter cannot be identified, no longer exists or has 
become insolvent). Moreover, even the mere suspicion of the existence of ground contamination, hazardous 
materials, wartime relics or other residual pollution can negatively affect the value of a property and the ability 
to let or sell such a property.
Laws and regulations, as may be amended over time, may also impose liability for the release of certain 
materials into the air or water from a property, including e.g. chrysotile containing materials or asbestos, and 
such release could form the basis for liability to third parties for personal injury or other damages. In addition, 
if the GCP Group's officers or employees infringe or have infringed environmental protection laws, the GCP 
Group could be exposed to civil damages or criminal charges. The GCP Group may be required to provide for 
additional reserves to sufficiently allocate towards its potential obligations to remove and dispose of any 
hazardous and toxic substances.
As of the date of this Offering Circular, some of the GCP Group's buildings are located in the Ruhr region and 
a few buildings in this region are located on sites affected by mining activities conducted at depths of up to 100 
metres below the surface. At such sites there is a risk of future clean-up costs and other environmental liabilities 
due to their surface structure. Although, under German mining law, surface damages occurring within the sphere

--- Page 50 ---
A51796379 
50
of influence of underground mining are assumed to result from mining activities, former mining operators and 
their legal successors, who are ultimately responsible for any such potential damages, may be able to refute this 
assumption. These operators may no longer exist or may lack sufficient funding and therefore due to legal 
reasons or due to the fact that the GCP Group has waived its claims, the GCP Group may no longer be able to 
take recourse against them. Furthermore, when real estate is damaged by past or current deep-mining activities 
in the northern Ruhr area of Germany, the GCP Group's ability to recover the cost of any required remediation, 
which may be substantial, or any compensation from the relevant mining companies could be impaired by 
waiver agreements entered into with certain mining companies. The presence of any such mining damage, or 
the failure to remediate such damage properly, could also adversely affect the GCP Group's ability to sell or 
lease affected real estate or to obtain financing using the real estate as collateral. Additionally, mining damage 
may injure tenants, for which the GCP Group may be required to pay compensation.
The occurrence of any of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, 
financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the GCP Group.
The introduction of a CO2 levy in Germany may have a negative effect on the GCP Group.
As part of its Climate Action Programme 2030, the German federal government has introduced a fixed price 
for carbon dioxide emissions in the transport and real estate sectors as from January 2021. The price per metric 
ton of carbon dioxide emitted as heating or fuel emissions (CO2 and CO2 levy) was set at an initial price of 
€25.00 per metric ton of carbon dioxide and will, based on the current regime, gradually increase to €45.00 per 
metric ton until 2025. For 2026, a price corridor with a minimum price of EUR 55.00 per metric ton and a 
maximum price of EUR 65.00 per metric ton is set. On 10 November 2022, the Carbon Dioxide Cost Sharing 
Act (Kohlenstoffdioxidaufteilungsgesetz - CO2KostAufG) was passed by the German Parliament (Bundestag). 
The Carbon Dioxide Cost Sharing Act came into force on 1 January 2023 and applies to all billing periods 
beginning on or after that date. According to Carbon Dioxide Cost Sharing Act, the landlord is obliged to bear 
part of the CO2 costs. For residential buildings, a 10-step tiered model was introduced that splits the CO2 costs 
based on the energy quality of the building. For residential buildings with a particularly poor energy balance 
(>=52 kg CO2/m2/a), landlords shall bear 95% and tenants 5% of the CO2 costs. However, if the building has a 
very efficient standard (“EH 55” = below 12 kg CO2/m2/a), landlords do not have to bear any CO2 costs. 
Currently, the necessary statistical data is lacking to develop a broadly practical and user-friendly model for 
non-residential buildings. Therefore, for non-residential buildings, for a limited period of time the CO2 costs 
shall be divided equally between tenant and landlord. Provisions in contracts that oblige the tenant to bear more 
than 50% of the costs shall be invalid. The law further provides that by the end of 2024, the necessary data basis 
for the development of a graduated model for non-residential buildings has to be developed. As soon as the 
necessary data will be available, a tiered model for non-residential buildings will be added to the Carbon 
Dioxide Cost Sharing Act. Furthermore, there is a particular rule for the allocation of CO2 costs if the building 
is used half for residential and half for non-residential purposes. In this case, the allocation regime for residential 
buildings is to be applied to the portion used for residential purposes and the allocation regime for non-
residential buildings is to be applied to the other half. Shifting some or all of the relevant CO2 costs to landlords 
will most likely have a significant negative effect on the GCP Group.
The GCP Group may not achieve its sustainability goals, particularly those related to climate protection.
The GCP Group's sustainability strategy incorporates self-set environmental, social and corporate governance 
matters ("ESG").
The GCP Group's reputation may be damaged if it fails to achieve its self-set ESG goals. In addition, market 
participants and lenders are increasingly focused on sustainability and "green financing" and failure to achieve 
self-set ESG goals may have a negative impact on the GCP Group's ability to access capital markets and bank 
finance options on attractive terms or at all and make the Issuer's existing securities less attractive for investors.

--- Page 51 ---
A51796379 
51
If the GCP Group's fails to meet expectations and trends related to sustainability in a timely manner or at all, 
there could be a decline in demand from tenants. From a regulatory perspective, failure to achieve the 
sustainability goals may also have a negative impact on the GCP Group. For example, the tightening of 
regulatory requirements in connection with sustainability could directly or indirectly increase the GCP Group's 
costs.
Failure to achieve its own goals or regulator-imposed requirements in respect of ESG matters could have an 
indirect adverse effect on the business, net assets, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net 
profits and prospects of the GCP Group.
GCP Group is exposed to risks from possible violation of data protection regulations.
On 25 May 2018, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) came into force in all European member 
states imposing substantial changes to the regulatory landscape of data privacy. The intended aim of the GDPR 
is to protect all EU citizens and residents from privacy and data breaches. The GDPR applies to all businesses 
processing personal data of data subjects residing in the EU, regardless of the business location. GCP Group, 
in particular with more than 60,000 residential units, has a significant volume of personal data-related 
obligations under the GDPR. GCP Group has put in place substantial organisational procedures as part of its 
compliance systems to address the newly introduced privacy and data protection matters under the GDPR, 
including certain data protection agreements with its subsidiaries. However, GDPR regulations are complex, 
and the amount of data controlled or processed by GCP Group is substantial. There is no guarantee that GCP 
Group’s compliance systems are in fact sufficient to manage GDPR-related risks. Should GCP Group be found 
in breach of material provisions of the GDPR, substantial fines of up to 4% of annual global turnover or €20 
million (whichever is greater) may be imposed. In addition to monetary damages that GCP Group may incur, 
breaches of the GDPR could also trigger significant reputational damage that in turn could result in a lack of 
trust by existing or future tenants which would adversely impact future rental income.
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on GCP Group’s business, net assets, financial 
condition, cash flow and results of operations.
Tax Risks
With the vast majority of its properties situated in Germany, the GCP Group is subject to the general 
tax environment in Germany. The GCP Group's tax burden may increase as a consequence of current 
or future tax assessments, tax audits or court proceedings based on changes in tax laws or changes in 
the application or interpretation thereof.
Most of the properties owned and managed by the GCP Group are situated in Germany. Thus, the GCP Group 
is subject to the general tax environment in Germany. The GCP Group's tax burden primarily depends on various 
aspects of tax laws, as well as their application and interpretation. Amendments to tax laws may have a 
retroactive effect (Rückwirkung), and the application or interpretation of tax laws by tax authorities or courts 
may change. Further, court decisions are occasionally limited to their specific facts and not applied to 
comparable cases by tax authorities by way of non-application decrease. Any of these developments may 
increase or alter the GCP Group's tax burden.
The GCP Group is among others subject to the following risks related to German tax law:
According to German tax law, the GCP Group has to file tax declarations for its German subsidiaries within 
certain statutory periods, after which tax assessments are imposed. Any tax assessments that deviate from the 
GCP Group's expectations in its tax declarations could lead to an increase in the GCP Group's tax obligations.
The German subsidiaries of the GCP Group are subject to tax audits (Betriebsprüfungen) by the competent tax 
authorities on a continuous basis. Generally, tax audits conducted by the competent tax authorities could result

--- Page 52 ---
A51796379 
52
in the assessment of additional taxes. For example, certain expenses could be treated as non-deductible. Further, 
RETT or German trade tax could be assessed or a fiscal unit for value added tax purposes (umsatzsteuerliche 
Organschaft) might not be accepted. Any of these findings could lead to an increase in the GCP Group's tax 
obligations and could result in the assessment of penalties. The GCP Group has established provisions for risks 
associated with audits based on its past experience. These provisions, however, may prove to be insufficient 
and when paid, may negatively impact cash flows. German subsidiaries of the GCP Group holding real estate 
in Germany generally rely on an extended deduction of the trade income for the calculation of German 
municipal trade tax that is available to pure asset holding companies only (subject to certain exceptions). Such 
tax preference might not be available in all cases and in all fiscal years, e.g., because a company is not owning 
real estate throughout the entire fiscal year or because activities other than leasing are conducted. Acquiring 
new real estate portfolios by way of share deals may require adjustments to the existing structures before the 
acquisition. Although the GCP Group is generally applying proven and tax efficient structuring approaches, it 
is not always possible to completely avoid tax leakages resulting from such restructurings.
The German subsidiaries of the GCP Group might not be able to offset unlimited interest expenses against 
profits. Some of the German subsidiaries of the GCP Group form a fiscal unit for value added tax purposes 
(umsatzsteuerliche Organschaft). Although the GCP Group has no indication thereof, such a fiscal unit could 
be considered invalid or might not be accepted to the full extent by tax authorities.
Changes in the structure of the GCP Group may result in a complete forfeiture of loss and interest carry-forwards 
if directly and/or indirectly more than 50% (full forfeiture) of shares in a respective company are transferred to 
another shareholder. As the Issuer's shares are listed on a stock exchange, it cannot be fully excluded that 
relevant indirect transfers are incurred by trading shares in the Issuer. Exemptions from this general rule are 
available for specific forms of group restructurings and to the extent that losses of a company are covered by 
hidden reserves, which is the case for most of the German subsidiaries of the GCP Group. Group restructurings 
may also become relevant in regard of RETT.
On 14 July 2023, the German Federal Ministry of Finance, published a proposal for an act on strengthening 
growth opportunities, investment and innovation as well as tax simplification and tax fairness (Entwurf eines 
Gesetzes zur Stärkung von Wachstumschancen, Investitionen und Innovation sowie Steuervereinfachung und 
Steuerfairness – Wachstumschancengesetz, “Draft Growth Opportunities Act”).
The Draft Growth Opportunities Act provides, inter alia, that for purposes of the EUR 3m threshold amount 
under the interest barrier rules (Zinsschranke) within the meaning of section 4h para. 2 of the German Income 
tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz), up to which the net interest expenses of a business are tax deductible without 
limitation under the interest barrier rules, legally separate but similar businesses are deemed to be one single 
business, provided that the similar businesses are under joint control of a single person or the same group of 
persons. It can therefore not be excluded that, going forward, the EUR 3m threshold amount under the interest 
barrier rules is only available once for all German subsidiaries of the GCP Group together, because the German 
subsidiaries of the GCP Group are deemed to qualify as one single business for purposes of the EUR 3m 
threshold amount.
This would significantly reduce the tax deductibility of interest expenses at the level of the German subsidiaries 
of the GCP Group and may therefore significantly increase their German corporate income tax and trade tax 
burden accordingly.
As a result of the Draft Growth Opportunities Act, the tax deductibility of interest expenses under group internal 
financings may further be limited for German tax purposes at the level of the German subsidiaries of the GCP 
Group through the introduction of a new so-called interest rate level barrier (Zinshöhenschranke). Pursuant to 
such new rule, interest expenses, which are paid under a group-internal financing to a related party within the 
meaning of section 1 paragraph 2 of the German Foreign Tax Act (Außensteuergesetz), are only tax deductible,

--- Page 53 ---
A51796379 
53
provided that the applicable interest rate under the group-internal financing is not greater than 2 percentage 
points above the base interest rate (Basiszins), unless it can be proven that the related party and the ultimate 
parent would only be able to take up the relevant funds under similar circumstances at a higher interest rate, in 
which case such higher interest rate shall apply. The limitation on the tax deductibility of interest expenses 
under the interest rate level barrier shall not apply if the interest is paid to an entity, which is engaged in 
substantial commercial activity (wesentliche wirtschaftliche Tätigkeit) in the jurisdiction, in which it has its 
statutory seat or effective place of management.
The Draft Growth Opportunities Act could therefore adversely affect the business of the GCP Group in Germany 
in the future.
In addition, further changes in tax legislation (such as the recent EU directive to implement OECD global 
minimum taxation rules (Pillar 2) that will take effect beginning in the year 2024), administrative practice or 
case law, which are possible at any time and may occur on short notice, could also have adverse tax 
consequences for the GCP Group. The applicable tax rates, for example with respect to property tax, property 
transfer tax or capital gains tax, may also change rapidly and on short notice. Changes in RETT may also 
negatively affect the value of the GCP Group's portfolio and, additionally, changes could be made to the ability 
to depreciate owned real estate. Furthermore, divergent statutory interpretations by the tax authorities or the 
courts are possible. Any changes to applicable tax regimes can have a material adverse effect on the business, 
cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, net profits and prospects of the GCP Group.
The municipalities, in which the German properties of the GCP Group are located, could for example increase 
the land tax (Grundsteuer) applicable to the relevant properties. 
The structure of the GCP Group is influenced by the general tax environment mainly in Germany, 
Cyprus, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Luxembourg and changes in the tax environment in 
these countries may increase the tax burden of the GCP Group.
The organisational structure of the GCP Group was established in 2012, when the Issuer became the holding 
company of the GCP Group in its present form. Besides the Issuer, the GCP Group today comprises of more 
than 850 companies which have their registered offices mainly in Germany, Cyprus, Luxembourg, the 
Netherlands and the UK and thus are subject to the tax laws of these jurisdictions. The Issuer is a holding 
company and its direct subsidiary GrandCity, having its registered office in Cyprus, acts as sub-holding 
company and through its permanent establishment in Germany also provides property and asset management 
services to the German property companies of the GCP Group. Most of the German property companies are 
held through further Cypriot subsidiaries which themselves are held by GrandCity. Thus, the structure of the 
GCP Group involves numerous tax aspects, including the taxation of the holding entities under the respective 
national tax and contribution regimes as well as cross-border taxation issues governed by double-tax treaties 
between Germany, Cyprus, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and the UK. It cannot be excluded that tax authorities 
in these countries might not share the view of the tax assessment of the GCP Group which could lead to 
additional tax burden of the GCP Group in any of these countries. Also, the tax laws in any of these jurisdictions 
or double-tax treaties between these countries might change in the future, even with a retroactive effect, which 
could cause additional tax burdens for the GCP Group. All these aspects could have a material adverse effect 
on the net assets, financial condition and results of operations of the GCP Group.
Higher fiscal risks in connection with the acquisition of property portfolios may arise if at least 90% of 
the shares in real estate companies with portfolios are directly or indirectly acquired or if direct or 
indirect changes in the company's shareholder structure result in a change of at least 90% of the

--- Page 54 ---
A51796379 
54
ownership in the shares of real estate holding companies within a period of 10 years. In this case, RETT 
will be triggered for the portfolios acquired together with the companies.
Each acquisition of a share or a beneficial interest (wirtschaftliche Beteiligung) of at least 90% in a company, 
either (wholly or partially) directly or (wholly or partially) indirectly, owning real estate in Germany is subject 
to RETT.
Increases in the applicable RETT rates for the properties in the GCP Group's portfolio could negatively impact 
the GCP Group's portfolio by, among other things, reducing the sale price of and the proceeds from a sale of 
the affected properties or by reducing purchase demand for the affected properties or by reducing the valuation 
of the affected properties in the GCP Group's portfolio.
In Germany, since 1 July 2021, the transfer of real estate or of a 90% or greater interest in a company that owns 
real estate triggers a potential liability for RETT for transactions that took place after 30 June 2021, which 
means that the seller generally has to keep more than 10% of its stake and less than 90% of the shares has to be 
transferred in order to avoid RETT. Additionally, the seller's holding period is 10 years, meaning that the 
remaining shares may only be fully acquired after a period of 10 years. Furthermore, since 1 July 2021, the 
applicable rules relating to corporations have been aligned with rules that previously only applied to 
partnerships. As a result, RETT may be triggered also for corporations with a real estate portfolio if, within a 
period of 10 years, the number of shareholders directly or indirectly changes in such a way that at least 90% of 
the shares of the corporation are transferred to new shareholders. 
In all cases, the RETT generally equals the sum of the values for RETT purposes according to the German 
Valuation Act (Bewertungsgesetz) multiplied by the tax rate, as applicable. In Germany, the legal framework of 
RETT is provided for in the GrEStG. At the level of the German federal states (Bundesländer), the RETT rate 
varies currently within a range of 3.5% to 7%.
The amendments to the RETT that have become effective on 1 July 2021 have an adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, financial condition and results of operations, since the acquisition processes for share or interest deals 
are more complex as compared to the GrEStG applicable until 30 June 2021, and the required minority rights 
for the seller and the acquisition costs and future administrative burdens in respect of the newly acquired entity 
are further increased. 
As a consequence, it may not be possible or not commercially reasonable to acquire properties on a RETT 
neutral basis at all.
RETT optimisation in case of a share deal may further result in tax and other disadvantages at the level of the 
property companies, for example, a reduced basis for depreciation and a higher latent capital gains. Provided 
that the German tax authorities challenge the RETT structuring in case of a share deal, there may be RETT and 
the tax disadvantages at the level of the relevant property company.
The relevant considerations on RETT optimisation may also impact any exit considerations of the GCP Group, 
i.e., any request of a potential buyer of a property for RETT optimisation would require the Issuer to remain in 
the structure with a minority interest of more than 10% for a period of ten years or, otherwise, may reduce the 
purchase price, which is achievable for GCP Group upon exit. 
On 15 June 2023, the BMF further published a proposal for an act regarding the amendment of the GrEStG 
(Entwurf eines Gesetzes zur Novellierung des Grunderwerbsteuergesetzes – Grunderwerbsteuer-
Novellierungsgesetz, “Draft RETT Amendment“). The Draft RETT Amendment provides for an abolishment 
of the above-mentioned 90%-threshold within the 10 year-observation period for share deals. This concept is 
replaced with a new regime according to which the acquisition of a real estate company 
(Grundstücksgesellschaft) would be subject to RETT if all (100%) shares in such real estate company are 
directly or indirectly unified (vereint) in the hands of one acquirer (Erwerber) or in the hands of a group of

--- Page 55 ---
A51796379 
55
acquirers (Erwerbergruppe). Several acquirers form a group of acquirers within this meaning according to the 
Draft RETT Amendment, if the acquirers have aligned their transactions or transfers (miteinander abgestimmte 
Rechtsgeschäfte oder Übergange) with respect to the shares in the real estate company. Alignment shall 
generally be assumed if the transactions or transfers of the different acquirers with respect to the shares in the 
real estate company are factually and temporally related to each other. Provided that a shareholder in a real 
estate company holds its participation in the serving interest (dienendes Interesse) of another shareholder, such 
shareholding shall not be considered (nicht berücksichtigt) for purposes of the 100% threshold. RETT may 
therefore already be triggered if one acquirer or a group of acquirers for purposes of the Draft RETT 
Amendment directly or indirectly acquires less than 100% of the shares in a real estate company, but the 
remaining shareholding is hold in the serving interest for the acquirer or the group of acquirers. A shareholder 
in a real estate company regularly holds its participation in a real estate company in the serving interest for an 
acquirer or a group of acquirers, if, for example and alternatively, the fair market value of the shareholding is 
less than the RETT, which would be due, if all shares in the real estate company are unified in the hands of the 
acquirer or the group of acquirers, or, if the shareholders rights are limited by the articles of the real estate 
company or a contractual arrangement, or, if the relevant shareholder receives a fixed or minimum consideration 
under its participation in the real estate company, which is not paid to all other shareholders in the real estate 
company. The Draft RETT Amendment provides for additional criteria according to which a serving interest of 
a shareholder in a real estate company shall be regularly assumed.
It cannot be excluded that The RETT Amendment Draft is still subject to negotiations and my therefore be 
altered prior to implementation. If enacted, however, it may make it even more difficult to avoid RETT going 
forward or may result in an additional increase the costs for structuring and for outside shareholders. The Draft 
RETT Amendment could therefore adversely affect the business of the GCP Group in Germany in the future.
In addition, the applicable RETT rate currently varies between 3.5% in Bavaria and Saxony and up to 7% in 
Berlin. Federal states may increase their respective RETT rates in the future. This would further increase 
acquisition costs for the purchase of properties and could also affect the fair value of properties.
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features, 
distinguishing between factors which may occur in relation to any Notes and those which might occur in relation 
to certain types of Exempt Senior Notes:
Risks applicable to all Notes
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return.
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes or it is perceived that there is an actual or increased likelihood that the Issuer may 
elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a

--- Page 56 ---
A51796379 
56
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than the then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at 
any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value of 
an investment in the relevant Notes.
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates.
The Issuer may from time to time issue Notes under the Programme at a discount or premium to their principal 
amount. The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Senior Notes) or 
premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do 
prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Such volatility could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
such Notes.
Regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks".
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" such as EURIBOR and NIBOR are the subject 
of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a "benchmark".
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a "benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the "benchmark" and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the "benchmark". 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a "benchmark".
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable or any 
other benchmark-related reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark".
Investors should be aware that in the case of Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, 
the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published Benchmark, including an inter-bank offered rate such as EURIBOR, NIBOR or other relevant 
reference rates ceases to exist or be published or another Benchmark Event or SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, as applicable, occurs. Such fallback arrangements will result in any Notes referencing a "benchmark" to

--- Page 57 ---
A51796379 
57
perform differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the relevant 
benchmark were to continue to apply in its current form. No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in 
connection with effecting any relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) or any other related 
adjustments and/or amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the Trust Deed.
Furthermore, in certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a 
particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as the case may be) may result in the Rate of Interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page or, in the case 
of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, the application of the Subsequent Reset Rate for a preceding 
Reset Period or the initial First Fixed Rate of Interest applicable to such Notes on the Interest Commencement 
Date. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, 
any determinations that may need to be made by the Issuer and the involvement of any Independent Adviser, 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of and return on any such 
Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any 
relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes 
or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes.
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate.
Where the applicable Final Terms for a series of Floating Rate Notes specifies that the interest rate for such 
Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to SONIA or SOFR ("SONIA-Linked Notes" and "SOFR-
Linked Notes", respectively), interest will be determined on the basis of Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively (each as defined in the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes). 
Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR differ from U.S. dollar London Interbank Offered 
Rate ("LIBOR") and the now discontinued Sterling LIBOR, respectively, in a number of material respects, 
including (without limitation) that Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR are backwards-
looking, compounded, risk-free or secured overnight rates, whereas Sterling LIBOR was and U.S. dollar LIBOR 
is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a credit risk-element based on inter-bank 
lending. As such, investors should be aware that there may be a material difference in the behaviour of Sterling 
LIBOR and SONIA or U.S. dollar LIBOR and SOFR as interest reference rates for Floating Rate Notes. The 
use of SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and is subject to change and development, 
both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure 
for the issuance and trading of debt securities referencing SONIA and/or SOFR.
Each of the Bank of England and The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the "FRBNY") publishes certain 
historical indicative secured overnight financing rates, although such historical indicative data inherently 
involves assumptions, estimates and approximations. Potential investors in SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-
Linked Notes should not rely on such historical indicative data or on any historical changes or trends in SONIA 
or SOFR, as the case may be, as an indicator of the future performance of SONIA or SOFR, respectively. For 
example, since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile 
than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates (see "—SOFR and SONIA may be more volatile 
than other benchmarks or market rates" below). Accordingly, SONIA and SOFR over the term of any SONIA-
Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or 
historical indicative data.

--- Page 58 ---
A51796379 
58
Prospective investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily 
SOFR should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to each of SONIA and SOFR as a 
reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR and the discontinued 
Sterling LIBOR, respectively. Market participants, industry groups and/or central bank-led working groups 
have explored compounded and weighted average rates and observation methodologies for overnight rates 
(including so-called 'shift', 'lag', 'lookback' and 'lock-out' methodologies) and forward-looking 'term' reference 
rates derived from these overnight rates have also been, or are being, developed. The adoption of overnight 
rates may also see component inputs into swap rates or other composite rates transferring from Sterling LIBOR 
or U.S. dollar LIBOR or another reference rate to an overnight rate.
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs significantly 
from that set out in the relevant Terms and Conditions in the case of Floating Rate Notes for which Compounded 
Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms. Furthermore, the Issuer may in the future issue Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that 
differ materially in terms of the interest determination provisions when compared with the provisions for such 
determination as set out in Conditions 5.2(b)(iii) or 5.2(b)(iv) (in the case of Senior Notes) and Conditions 
4.2(b)(iii) or 4.2(b)(iv) (in the case of Subordinated Notes), as the case may be. The continued development of 
Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond 
markets, as well as continued development of SONIA and SOFR-based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any SONIA or SOFR-referenced Floating Rate Notes issued under the Programme 
from time to time.
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA and SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such 
as the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the 
adoption of SONIA or SOFR reference rates across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Floating 
Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR.
Since SONIA and SOFR are relatively new market reference rates, Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR may have no established trading market when issued, 
and an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt securities 
referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, such as the margin over the reference 
rate reflected in the interest rate provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such debt securities 
may be lower than those of later issued debt securities as a result. Further, if Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR do not prove to be widely used in securities, the trading price of Floating Rate Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, may be lower than those of 
debt securities referencing other reference rates that are more widely used.
Investors in Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR may not 
be able to sell such Notes at all or may not be able to sell such Notes at prices that will provide them with a 
yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer 
from increased pricing volatility and market risk. There can also be no guarantee that SONIA or SOFR will not 
be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in 
such Notes. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction in the amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or 
Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, and the trading prices of such Notes.
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any 
such Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
A51796379 
59
Any failure of SONIA or SOFR to gain market acceptance could adversely affect SONIA-Linked Notes 
or SOFR-Linked Notes.
According to the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, convened by the Board of Governors of the FRBNY, 
SOFR was developed for use in certain U.S. dollar derivatives and other financial contracts as an alternative to 
U.S. dollar LIBOR in part because it is considered a good representation of general funding conditions in the 
overnight U.S. Treasury repurchase agreement market. However, as a rate based on transactions secured by 
U.S. Treasury securities, it does not measure bank-specific credit risk and, as a result, is less likely to correlate 
with the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks. Similar considerations apply in respect of SONIA. This 
may mean that market participants would not consider SOFR or SONIA a suitable replacement or successor for 
all of the purposes for which U.S. dollar LIBOR or Sterling LIBOR historically has been used (including, 
without limitation, as a representation of the unsecured short-term funding costs of banks), which may, in turn, 
lessen market acceptance of SOFR or SONIA. Any failure of SOFR or SONIA to gain market acceptance could 
adversely affect the return on and value and market price of Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded 
Daily SOFR or Compounded Daily SONIA and the price at which investors can sell such Notes in the secondary 
market.
The amount of interest payable with respect to each Interest Period will only be determined near the 
end of the Interest Period for SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes.
The Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded Daily 
SOFR is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant SONIA Observation Period (as defined in 
Condition 5.2(b)(iii) of the Senior Notes and Condition 5.2(b)(iv) of the Subordinated Notes) or SOFR 
Observation Period (as defined in Condition 4.2(b)(iii) of the Senior Notes and Condition 4.2(b)(iv) of the 
Subordinated Notes) and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for 
investors in any such Floating Rate Notes to estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on 
such Floating Rate Notes on each Interest Payment Date, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to 
trade such Floating Rate Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely 
impact the liquidity of such Floating Rate Notes. Further, if Floating Rate Senior Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 10 of the Senior Notes, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an 
Interest Payment Date, the final rate of interest payable in respect of such Floating Rate Notes shall only be 
determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Floating Rate 
Notes become due and payable.
SOFR and SONIA may be more volatile than other benchmarks or market rates.
Publication of SOFR data began in April 2018, and it therefore has a relatively limited history. In addition, the 
future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on its historical performance. The level of SOFR over 
the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the historical level of SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if 
any, in the behaviour of market variables, such as correlations, may change in the future. While some pre-
publication hypothetical performance data has been published by the FRBNY, such data inherently involves 
assumptions, estimates and approximations. Furthermore, since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes 
in the SOFR rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market 
rates. As a result, the return on and value and market price of Floating Rate Notes which reference Compounded 
Daily SOFR may fluctuate more than floating rate debt securities that are linked to less volatile rates. In 
addition, the volatility of SOFR has reflected the underlying volatility of the overnight U.S. Treasury repo 
market. The FRBNY has at times conducted operations in the overnight U.S. Treasury repo market in order to 
help maintain the federal funds rate within a target range. There can be no assurance that the FRBNY will 
continue to conduct such operations in the future, and the duration and extent of any such operations is 
inherently uncertain. Similar considerations may also apply in respect of SONIA. The effect of any such

--- Page 60 ---
A51796379 
60
operations, or of the cessation of such operations to the extent they are commenced, is uncertain and could be 
materially adverse to investors in SOFR-Linked Notes or SONIA-Linked Notes, as applicable. The future 
performance of SOFR and SONIA is impossible to predict and therefore no future performance of SOFR or 
SONIA or the Floating Rate Notes may be inferred from any of the hypothetical or actual historical performance 
data. Hypothetical or actual historical performance data is not indicative of, and has no bearing on, the potential 
performance of SOFR or SONIA or the Notes. There can be no assurance that SOFR or SONIA will be positive.
The interest rate on SONIA-Linked Notes and SOFR-Linked Notes will be based on Compounded Daily 
SONIA and Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, which are relatively new in the marketplace and 
may be determined by reference to the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index, respectively, a 
relatively new market index.
For each Interest Period, the interest rate on any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA 
or Compounded Daily SOFR is based on Compounded SONIA or Compounded SOFR, respectively, which is 
calculated on a daily compounded basis (or, where Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, by reference to the relevant index) and not the SOFR rate published on or in respect of 
a particular date during such Interest Period or an arithmetic average of SOFR rates during such Interest Period. 
Each of the SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index measures the cumulative impact of compounding 
SONIA or SOFR, respectively, on a unit of investment over time. The value of the SONIA Compounded Index 
or the SOFR Index on a particular business day reflects the effect of compounding SONIA or SOFR, 
respectively, on such business day and allows the calculation of compounded SONIA or SOFR averages, as 
applicable, over custom time periods. For this and other reasons, the interest rate on Floating Rate Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR during any Interest Period will not be the 
same as the interest rate on other SONIA or SOFR-linked investments that use an alternative basis to determine 
the applicable interest rate. Further, if the SONIA or SOFR rate in respect of a particular date during an Interest 
Period is negative, its contribution to the relevant compounded rate will be less than one, resulting in a reduction 
to such compounded rate used to calculate the interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes referencing 
Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period.
Limited market precedent exists for securities that use SONIA or SOFR as the interest rate and the method for 
calculating an interest rate based upon SONIA or SOFR in those precedents varies. In addition, the Bank of 
England and the FRBNY only began publishing the SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index, 
respectively, very recently. Accordingly, the specific formulas for Compounded Daily SONIA and Compounded 
Daily SOFR set out in the conditions of the Notes and the use of the SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index 
for the purposes of calculating Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, respectively, may not 
be widely adopted by other market participants, if at all. If the market adopts a different calculation method, 
that would likely adversely affect the market value of any respective SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked 
Notes.
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in 
a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked 
Notes, respectively.
SONIA and SOFR are published by the Bank of England and the FRBNY as the respective administrators of 
SONIA and SOFR, based on data received from sources other than the Issuer. The Issuer has no control over 
the determination, calculation or publication of SONIA or SOFR. The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may 
make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, as the case may be, or discontinue SONIA or 
SOFR, respectively, and has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-
Linked Notes in doing so. Each of the Bank of England or the FRBNY (or, in each case, a successor), as 
administrator of SONIA and SOFR, respectively, may make methodological or other changes that could change 
the value of SONIA or SOFR, including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated,

--- Page 61 ---
A51796379 
61
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the 
publication of SONIA and SOFR. In addition, the administrator of SONIA or SOFR may alter, discontinue or 
suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the 
interest rate on any SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, respectively, will apply, as further described 
in Conditions 5.2(b)(iii) or 5.2(b)(iv) (in the case of Senior Notes) and Conditions 4.2(b)(iii) or 4.2(b)(iv) (in 
the case of Subordinated Notes), as the case may be).
There can be no assurance that SONIA or SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner 
that is materially adverse to the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, 
respectively. If the manner in which SONIA or SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction of the amount of interest payable on any SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes, which may 
adversely affect the trading prices of such Notes. If the rate at which interest accrues on any SONIA-Linked 
Notes or SOFR-Linked Notes for any Interest Period declines to zero or becomes negative, no interest will be 
payable on such Notes on the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period. The administrator of each of 
SONIA and SOFR has no obligation to consider the interests of holders of SONIA-Linked Notes or SOFR-
Linked Notes, respectively, in calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR, as 
the case may be. In addition, the administrator of each of SONIA or SOFR may withdraw, modify or amend the 
published SONIA or SOFR rate or other SONIA or SOFR data, respectively, in its sole discretion and without 
notice.
The SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index may be modified or discontinued, which could 
adversely affect the value and market price of any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms.
The SONIA Compounded Index and the SOFR Index are published by the Bank of England and the FRBNY, 
respectively, based on data received by them from sources other than the Issuer, and the Issuer has no control 
over their methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision practices or the availability of the SONIA 
Compounded Index or SOFR Index at any time. There can be no guarantee that the SONIA Compounded Index 
or the SOFR Index will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to 
the interests of investors in any Floating Rate Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded 
Daily SOFR where Index Determination is applicable. If the manner in which the SONIA Compounded Index 
or the SOFR Index is calculated, including the manner in which SONIA or SOFR, respectively, is calculated, 
is changed, that change may result in a reduction in the amount of interest payable on any Floating Rate Notes 
referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR where Index Determination is applicable 
and the trading prices of such Notes. In addition, the Bank of England or the FRBNY may withdraw, modify or 
amend the published SONIA Compounded Index or SOFR Index, respectively, or other SONIA or SOFR data 
in its sole discretion and without notice. The interest rate for any Interest Period will not be adjusted for any 
modifications or amendments to the SONIA Compounded Index or the SOFR Index or other SONIA or SOFR 
data that the Bank of England or the FRBNY may publish after the interest rate for that Interest Period has been 
determined.
Risks applicable to certain types of Exempt Senior Notes
There are particular risks associated with an investment in certain types of Exempt Senior Notes, such 
as Index Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less interest 
than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount 
invested by it.
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest payable in respect of the Notes being determined by 
reference to an index or formula, to changes in the prices of securities or commodities, to movements in

--- Page 62 ---
A51796379 
62
currency exchange rates or other factors (each, a "Relevant Factor"). In addition, the Issuer may issue Notes 
with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in which 
the Notes are denominated. Potential investors should be aware that:
(i)
the market price of such Notes may be volatile;
(ii)
they may receive no interest;
(iii)
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time or in a different currency than expected;
(iv)
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices;
(v)
the effect of any multiplier or leverage factor that is applied to the Relevant Factor is that the impact of 
any changes in the Relevant Factor on the amounts of principal or interest payable will be magnified; 
and
(vi)
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the 
greater the effect on yield.
The historical experience of an index or other Relevant Factor should not be viewed as an indication of the 
future performance of such Relevant Factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential investor 
should consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes linked 
to a Relevant Factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances.
Where Notes are issued on a partly paid basis, an investor who fails to pay any subsequent instalment 
of the issue price could lose all of their investment.
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. Any failure by an 
investor to pay any subsequent instalment of the issue price in respect of their Notes could result in such investor 
losing all of their investment.
Notes which are issued with variable interest rates or which are structured to include a multiplier or 
other leverage factor are likely to have more volatile market values than more standard securities.
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers or 
other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features.
Inverse Floating Rate Notes will have more volatile market values than conventional Floating Rate 
Notes.
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate 
such as EURIBOR. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable 
terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only 
decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further 
adversely affects the market value of these Notes.
Risks related to Notes generally
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally:

--- Page 63 ---
A51796379 
63
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent 
of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee which may be exercised without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders.
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of conference call or by 
use of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally, or to 
pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. These provisions permit defined majorities 
to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.
The conditions of the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed also provide that the Trustee may agree to (i) any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of 
the Senior Notes or (ii) determine without the consent of the Senior Noteholders that any Event of Default or 
potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal 
debtor under any Notes in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 16 of the Senior 
Notes.
The conditions of the Subordinated Notes and the Trust Deed also provide that the Trustee may agree to (i) any 
modification of the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes or of any other provisions of the Trust 
Deed or the Agency Agreement which is in each case, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, (ii) any other modification to (except as mentioned in 
the Trust Deed), and any waiver or authorisation of, any breach or proposed breach by the Issuer of, any of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes or of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Agency 
Agreement which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which will not include, for the avoidance of doubt, any provision entitling the Subordinated 
Noteholders to institute proceedings for the winding-up of the Issuer which is more extensive than those set out 
in Condition 12 of the Subordinated Notes), (iii) the substitution on a subordinated basis equivalent to that 
referred to in Condition 3.1 of the Subordinated Notes of certain other entities in place of the Issuer (or any 
previous substitute) as a new principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Subordinated Notes or (iv) substitute 
all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for Qualifying Subordinated Notes (as defined in Condition 
8, or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes with the effect that they remain or become (as the case may be), 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes at any time following the occurrence of an Accounting Event, a Rating Event, 
a Tax Deduction Event or a Gross-up Event (subject to any such event being specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) and subject to the receipt by the Trustee of the certiﬁcate of two members of the board 
of directors of the Issuer referred to in Condition 9 of the Subordinated Notes. Whilst Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes are required to have terms which are not materially less favourable to Subordinated Noteholders (as a 
class) than the terms of the Subordinated Notes, there can be no assurance that the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes will not have a significant adverse impact on the price of, and/or market for, the Subordinated Notes or 
the circumstances of individual Subordinated Noteholders.
The conditions of the Subordinated Notes and the Trust Deed provide that one of the entities that may be 
substituted in place of the Issuer as a new principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Subordinated Notes is 
a HoldCo (as defined in Condition 21 of the Subordinated Notes). In the case of any such substitution, the 
Trustee shall agree to this without the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders and without such substitution 
being subject to any material prejudice determination by the Trustee. Any such substitution could, therefore, be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of Noteholders and will lead to the Noteholders being further subordinated 
to any creditors of the HoldCo and structurally subordinated, on the HoldCo's insolvency, to the prior claims of 
any shareholders of the Issuer other than the HoldCo.

--- Page 64 ---
A51796379 
64
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution as described above will be binding 
on all Noteholders without any requirement for the consent of any Noteholder and without regard to the interests 
of particular Noteholders.
A Restructuring Plan implemented pursuant to Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 may modify or 
disapply certain terms of the Notes without the consent of the Noteholders.
Where the Issuer encounters, or is likely to encounter, financial difficulties that are affecting, or will or may 
affect, its ability to carry on business as a going concern, it may propose a Restructuring Plan (a "Plan") with 
its creditors under Part 26A of the Companies Act 2006 (introduced by the Corporate Insolvency and 
Governance Act 2020) to eliminate, reduce, prevent or mitigate the effect of any of those financial difficulties. 
Should this happen, creditors whose rights are affected are organised into creditor classes and can vote on any 
such Plan (subject to being excluded from the vote by the English courts for having no genuine economic 
interest in the Issuer and certain exclusions where the Plan is proposed within the 12 week period following the 
end of a moratorium). Providing that one class of creditors (who would receive a payment, or have a genuine 
economic interest in the Issuer) has approved the Plan, and in the view of the English courts any dissenting 
class(es) who did not approve the Plan are no worse off under the Plan than they would be in the event of the 
"relevant alternative" (such as, broadly, liquidation or administration), then the English court can sanction the 
Plan where it would be a proper exercise of its discretion. A sanctioned Plan is binding on all creditors and 
members, regardless of whether they approved it. Any such sanctioned Plan in relation to the Issuer may, 
therefore, adversely affect the rights of Noteholders and the price or value of their investment in the Notes, as 
it may have the effect of modifying or disapplying certain terms of the Notes (by, for example, writing down 
the principal amount of the Notes, modifying the interest payable on the Notes, the maturity date or dates on 
which any payments are due or substituting the Issuer).
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice.
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law and, in respect of Condition 3 of the Subordinated Notes 
only, Luxembourg law, in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the date of 
this Offering Circular and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected 
by it.
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued.
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 65 ---
A51796379 
65
Risks related to the Subordinated Notes generally
The Undated Subordinated Notes will be perpetual securities.
The Undated Subordinated Notes will be perpetual securities in respect of which there is no fixed redemption 
date by which the Issuer would be under the obligation to redeem or repurchase the Undated Subordinated 
Notes at any time, and the Noteholders have no right to require redemption of the Undated Subordinated Notes. 
See Condition 7 of the Subordinated Notes. Therefore, prospective investors should be aware that they may be 
required to bear financial risks of an investment in the Undated Subordinated Notes for an indefinite period of 
time and may not recover their investment in the foreseeable future.
The Subordinated Notes will be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer including upon the 
occurrence of certain events.
The Subordinated Notes will be redeemable, at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, on (i) in the 
case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, the First Reset Date or on any Fixed Reset Call Date 
thereafter; or (ii) in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes, the Floating Rate Call Date or any Interest 
Payment Date thereafter at their principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but 
excluding) the redemption date and any outstanding Arrears of Interest (as defined in Condition 5 of the 
Subordinated Notes).
In addition, upon the occurrence of a Tax Deduction Event, an Accounting Event, a Rating Event, a Gross-up 
Event, a Repurchase Event or a Change of Control Event (subject to any such event being specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) (each as more fully described in Condition 7 of the Subordinated Notes), the 
Issuer shall have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Subordinated Notes at the prices set out 
therein, in each case together with any accrued and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the redemption date 
and any outstanding Arrears of Interest. In the case of the first Change of Control Event, in the event that the 
Issuer does not elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the then prevailing Interest Rate of the Subordinated 
Notes, and each subsequent Interest Rate otherwise determined in accordance with Condition 4 of the 
Subordinated Notes, shall be increased by the Step Up Margin with effect from (and including) the Change of 
Control Effective Date.
In June 2018, the International Accounting Standards Board (the "IASB") published the discussion paper 
DP/2018/1 on "Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity" (the "DP/2018/1 Paper"). Although the 
final form of any changes to the current IASB accounting standards remains to be determined, if the proposals 
set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper are implemented the classification of financial instruments such as the 
Subordinated Notes as equity instruments or financial liabilities may change. In such an event, the Issuer may 
have the option to redeem, in whole but not in part, the Subordinated Notes under the Terms and Conditions of 
the Subordinated Notes (including, but not limited to, in accordance with Condition 7.4).
The IASB met on 18 June 2019 to hear a summary of the feedback on the DP/2018/1 Paper but as of the date 
of this Offering Circular, no final decision on this has been made. During the 23 October 2019 meeting of the 
IASB, the potential scope and indicative timetable of the project plan regarding the DP/2018/1 Paper were 
discussed but no decisions were made. During the 16 December 2020 meeting, the IASB decided to add the 
"Financial Instruments with Characteristics of Equity" project to its standard-setting programme and to continue 
using the expertise of advisory bodies instead of establishing a dedicated consultative group for the project. 
During the 16 February 2021 meeting, (i) the IASB discussed potential refinements to disclosure proposals 
explored in the DP/2018/1 Paper – namely, proposals for information about priority on liquidation, potential 
dilution, and terms and conditions, though was not asked to make any decisions but directed the staff to further 
consider the objectives of the proposed disclosures and their scope and (ii) the IASB also discussed challenges 
in accounting for financial instruments with obligations that arise only on liquidation of an entity and also 
discussed potential classification, presentation and disclosure requirements to address those challenges and

--- Page 66 ---
A51796379 
66
tentatively decided not to change how such instruments should be classified but instead focused on developing 
presentation and disclosure requirements in relation to them. The IASB met on 22 February 2022 where they 
discussed making an instrument's classification as debt or equity dependent on shareholder discretion on making 
distributions.
The implementation of any of the proposals set out in the DP/2018/1 Paper or any other similar such proposals 
that may be made in the future, including the extent and timing of any such implementation, if at all, is uncertain. 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the future classification of the Subordinated Notes from an 
accounting or any other perspective or whether any such change may result in the Issuer having the option to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes under the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes.
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes or it is perceived that there is 
an actual or increased likelihood that the Issuer may elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes, the market value 
of the Subordinated Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period.
The Issuer may be expected to redeem the Subordinated Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the 
interest payable on them. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest payable on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment 
risk in light of other investments available at that time.
There is no redemption at the option of the Noteholders of the Subordinated Notes.
There is a risk that Undated Subordinated Notes are treated as equity of the Issuer for Luxembourg tax 
purposes.
Luxembourg tax law generally follows Luxembourg civil (or commercial) law and Luxembourg GAAP when 
determining the nature of an instrument. Instruments such as the Undated Subordinated Notes that are 
considered as debt for Luxembourg legal and Luxembourg GAAP purposes are thus, as a general rule, also 
considered as debt for Luxembourg tax purposes. Accordingly, payments of interest made on such instruments 
should (i) be deductible for Luxembourg corporate income tax and (ii) not be subject to Luxembourg 
withholding tax; furthermore, the principal amount of such instruments should be deductible for Luxembourg 
net wealth tax purposes.
Nevertheless, in certain circumstances and on the basis of legal and factual elements, it might be the case that 
the economic substance differs from the legal documentation, in which case, the tax analysis of the equity or 
debt qualification of a financial instrument must follow the "economic substance over legal form" approach. In 
accordance with this economic approach, or "wirtschaftliche Betrachtungsweise", any analysis of the equity or 
debt qualification of an instrument must cover different features, no single element being decisive.
In light of the absence of a fixed maturity under the Undated Subordinated Notes, there is a risk that the Undated 
Subordinated Notes are qualified as equity of the Issuer for Luxembourg tax purposes and accordingly there is 
a risk that payments of interest under the Undated Subordinated Notes is not deductible for Luxembourg 
corporate income tax purposes and subject to Luxembourg dividend withholding tax. There is a further risk that 
the principal amount of such Undated Subordinated Notes is no longer deductible for Luxembourg net wealth 
tax purposes.
To obtain certainty on the debt classification of the Undated Subordinated Notes, the Issuer may on a series by 
series basis decide to request a ruling from the Luxembourg tax authorities as to the classification of Undated 
Subordinated Notes for Luxembourg tax purposes. Any such ruling would not be obtained prior to the issuance 
of the Undated Subordinated Notes. Given that the specific features of every single transaction are reviewed by 
the Luxembourg tax authorities, it cannot be ascertained that the Luxembourg Tax Ruling Commission adheres

--- Page 67 ---
A51796379 
67
to the position previously adopted by the Luxembourg tax authorities with respect to characterisation of the 
Undated Subordinated Notes as debt instruments. In the absence of a final ruling, there is therefore a risk that 
the Undated Subordinated Notes are qualified as equity of the Issuer for Luxembourg tax purposes.
Investors should note that, in the event of a change in the official interpretation of a Luxembourg law or 
regulation resulting in the payment of interest under the Subordinated Notes being no longer deductible for 
corporate income tax purposes or payments under the Subordinated Notes becoming subject to withholding tax, 
a Tax Deduction Event, an Accounting Event or a Gross up Event (within the meaning of Condition 7 of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes) may occur, enabling the Issuer to call for an early redemption 
(See also "Risk factors – The Subordinated Notes will be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer including 
upon the occurrence of certain events".)
There is a risk that restrictions on the deductibility of interest payments under the Subordinated Notes 
may be implemented.
Fiscal and taxation policy and practice is constantly evolving and there have recently been a number of 
developments. In particular, a number of changes of law and practice are occurring as a result of the OECD 
Base Erosion and Profit Shifting project ("BEPS"). Investors should note that certain action points which form 
part of the OECD BEPS project (such as Action 4, which can deny deductions for financing costs as discussed 
below, or Action 2 on hybrid mismatch arrangements) have been or may be implemented in a manner which 
may affect the tax position of the Issuer.
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised implementation of a 
number of the BEPS conclusions across the EU, the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 
(the "EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 1") on 12 July 2016. The EU Council further adopted Council 
Directive (EU) 2017/952 (the "EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2" and, together with the Anti-Tax Avoidance 
Directive 1, the "EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives") on 29 May 2017, amending the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance 
Directive 1, to provide for minimum standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member 
states and third countries.
The EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives contain various measures that could potentially result in payments of 
interest under the Subordinated Notes ceasing to be fully deductible for Luxembourg corporate income tax 
purposes. This could increase the Issuer's liability to tax and reduce the amounts available for payments on the 
Notes. There are two measures of particular relevance in this regard.
Firstly, the interest limitation requirements set out by the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 1 have already been 
implemented in article 168bis of the Luxembourg income tax law effective as of 1 January 2019, which restrict, 
for a Luxembourg taxpayer, the deduction of net interest expenses qualifying as "excess borrowing costs" to 
the higher of (i) 30% of the taxpayer's EBITDA (defined as the taxpayer's total net income increased by the 
amount of its excess borrowing costs, depreciation and amortisation), and (ii) €3 million.
Excess borrowing costs are defined as the amount by which the deductible borrowing costs of a taxpayer 
exceeds the taxpayer's taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable income of the 
taxpayer. Excess borrowing costs not deductible in a tax period can be carried forward indefinitely. The same 
applies to a taxpayer's excess interest capacity which cannot be used in a given tax period (however, such excess 
interest capacity can only be carried forward for a maximum period of 5 years).
Secondly, the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives also contain rules relating to so-called hybrid mismatches. 
Luxembourg implemented the anti-hybrid mismatch rules under amended article 9 of EU Anti-Tax Avoidance 
Directive 1 and 2 in article 168ter of the Luxembourg income tax law with effect as of 1 January 2020.
As per article 168ter of the Luxembourg income tax law, a hybrid mismatch arises when a payment between 
entities located in different states results in a double deduction or a deduction without inclusion. In the event of

--- Page 68 ---
A51796379 
68
a double deduction, the deriving hybrid mismatch should be adjusted by denying the deduction at the level of 
either (i) the payee or (ii) the payor (provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the 
payee). In the event of a deduction without inclusion, the deriving hybrid mismatch shall be adjusted by means 
of either (i) the denial of the deduction at the level of the payor or (ii) the inclusion of the payment in the taxable 
income of the payee (provided that the deduction has not already been denied at the level of the payor).
A hybrid mismatch occurs only if it arises either (i) between "associated enterprises" or (ii) in the case of a 
structured arrangement.
The impact of the EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 depends on the tax treatment at the level of the relevant 
Noteholder and may alter the tax position of the Issuer. Investors should also note that the implementation of 
such measures may give rise to the occurrence of a Tax Deduction Event and the Issuer having the option to 
redeem the Subordinated Notes where any resulting loss of deductibility is by reason of a change in Luxembourg 
law or regulation or the official application or interpretation of such law or regulation (see "The Subordinated 
Notes will be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer including upon the occurrence of certain events" 
above).
The interest rate on the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes will reset on the First Reset Date 
and on every Reset Date thereafter, which can be expected to affect the interest payment on the Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes and the market value of the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated 
Notes.
Although the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes will earn interest at a fixed rate until (but excluding) 
the First Reset Date, the current market interest rate on the capital markets (the "market interest rate") typically 
changes on a daily basis. Since the initial fixed rate of interest for the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes 
will be reset on the First Reset Date of the Subordinated Notes, and on each subsequent Reset Date of the 
Subordinated Notes, the interest payment on the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes will also change. 
The Noteholders should be aware that movements in these market interest rates can adversely affect the price 
of the Subordinated Notes and can lead to losses for the Noteholders if they sell the Subordinated Notes.
Noteholders are exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income as the reset 
rates could affect the market value of an investment in the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes. 
Fluctuations in interest rates could therefore affect the levels of capital gains or losses on the Fixed Rate 
Resettable Subordinated Notes and make it impossible to determine the yield of such securities in advance. 
During periods of rising interest rates, the prices of ﬁxed rate securities, such as the Fixed Rate Resettable 
Subordinated Notes, tend to fall and gains are reduced or losses incurred upon their sale. Therefore, investment 
in the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes involves the risk that changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes.
See also "Regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks"".
The Issuer has the right to defer interest payments on the Subordinated Notes.
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer any payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes, in whole 
but not in part, which is otherwise scheduled to be paid on an Interest Payment Date. See Condition 5 of the 
Subordinated Notes. Only upon the occurrence of one of the events listed in Condition 5.2 of the Subordinated 
Notes, in the event of a redemption of the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 7 of the Subordinated 
Notes or in the event of a winding up of the Issuer in a manner falling within Condition 12 of the Subordinated 
Notes will the Issuer be obliged to pay any such Arrears of Interest to Noteholders.

--- Page 69 ---
A51796379 
69
Any such deferral of interest payment shall not constitute an Enforcement Event (as defined in Condition 12 of 
the Subordinated Notes) or a default for any purpose unless such payment is required in accordance with 
Condition 5.2 of the Subordinated Notes.
Any deferral of interest payments, or perceived increased likelihood of deferral of interest payments, is likely 
to have an adverse effect on the market price of the Subordinated Notes. In addition, as a result of the interest 
deferral provision of the Subordinated Notes, the market price of the Subordinated Notes may be more volatile 
than the market prices of other debt securities on which original issue discount or interest accrues that are not 
subject to such deferrals and may be more sensitive generally to adverse changes in the Issuer's financial 
condition.
The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated.
By virtue of such subordination, payments to a Noteholder will, in the events described in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Subordinated Notes, only be made after all obligations of the Issuer resulting from higher 
ranking claims have been satisfied. A Noteholder may, therefore, recover less than the holders of unsubordinated 
or other prior ranking subordinated liabilities of the Issuer. Furthermore, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes will not limit the amount of the liabilities ranking senior to, or pari passu with, the 
Subordinated Notes which may be incurred or assumed by the Issuer from time to time, whether before or after 
the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes. The incurrence of any such other liabilities may reduce the amount 
(if any) recoverable by Noteholders on a winding-up or administration of the Issuer and/or may increase the 
likelihood of a deferral of interest payments under the Subordinated Notes. Subject to applicable law, no 
Noteholder may exercise, claim or plead any right of set-off in respect of any amount owed to it by the Issuer 
in respect of, or arising under or in connection with, the Subordinated Notes or the Trust Deed and each 
Noteholder shall, by virtue of his holding of any Subordinated Note, be deemed to have waived all such rights 
of set-off.
Although subordinated debt securities, such as the Subordinated Notes, may pay a higher rate of interest than 
comparable debt securities which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in subordinated 
securities such as the Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of his investment should the Issuer become 
insolvent.
Limited Remedies
The Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes provide that the Undated Subordinated Notes will be 
perpetual securities and there is, therefore, no obligation on the Issuer to repay principal on any given date. In 
addition, payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes may be deferred in accordance with Condition 5 of 
the Subordinated Notes and interest will not therefore be due other than in the limited circumstances described 
in Condition 5.2 of the Subordinated Notes.
The only enforcement event in the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes is if a default is made by 
the Issuer in respect of payment of any principal or interest (including any Arrears of Interest) when due and 
the default continues for a period of 30 days.
Therefore, it will only be possible for the Noteholders to enforce claims for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes when the same are due.
In addition the claims of holders of all Senior Obligations will first have to be satisfied in any winding-up or 
administration proceedings before the Noteholders may expect to obtain any recovery in respect of their 
Subordinated Notes and prior thereto Noteholders will have only limited ability to influence the conduct of such 
winding-up or administration proceedings. See "—The Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes will 
be subordinated".

--- Page 70 ---
A51796379 
70
Risks related to the market generally
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk:
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes.
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. If a Tranche of Notes is issued to a single investor or a limited 
number of investors, this may result in an event more illiquid or volatile market in such Notes. Therefore, 
investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable 
to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This may be even more likley for Notes that 
are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives 
or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. 
These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and greater price volatility than 
conventional debt securities.
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes.
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to 
the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the 
Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates.
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes, as an equivalent 
investment issued at the current market interest rate may be more attractive to investors.

--- Page 71 ---
A51796379 
71
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The relevant pages of the following documents (which have previously been published) that are included in the 
cross-reference list below shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Offering Circular:
(a)
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2021 (the "2021 Financial Statements") of the Issuer, which are published on the website of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.grandcityproperties.com/fileadmin/user_upload/03_investor_relations/Downloads/2021/
GCP_FY_2021.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in particular:
Board of Directors' Report
pages 2 – 73 and page 75
EPRA Performance Measures
pages 60 – 67
Alternative Performance Measures
pages 68 – 73
Report of the Réviseur d'Enterprises Agréé (Independent auditor)
pages 76 – 79
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
page 80
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
page 81
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
pages 82 – 83
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
pages 84 – 85
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
pages 86 – 87
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
pages 88 – 137
(b)
the auditors' report and audited consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 
December 2022 (the "2022 Financial Statements") of the Issuer, which are published on the website of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.grandcityproperties.com/fileadmin/user_upload/03_investor_relations/Downloads/2022/
GCP_FY_2022.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in particular:
Board of Directors' Report
pages 2 – 83 and page 85
EPRA Performance Measures
pages 65 – 75
Alternative Performance Measures
pages 76 – 83
Report of the Réviseur d'Enterprises Agréé (Independent auditor)
pages 86 – 89
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
page 92
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
page 93
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
pages 94 – 95
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
pages 96 – 97
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
pages 98 – 99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
pages 100 – 155
(c)
the unaudited interim consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2023 (the "Q2 
2023 Financial Statements") of the Issuer, which are published on the website of the Issuer

--- Page 72 ---
A51796379 
72
(https://www.grandcityproperties.com/fileadmin/user_upload/03_investor_relations/Downloads/2023/
GCP_Q2_2023.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages in particular:
Board of Directors' Report
pages 4 – 37
Alternative Performance Measures
pages 30 – 34
Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
page 38
Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive 
Income
page 39
Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
pages 40 – 41
Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
page 42 – 43
Condensed Interim Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
pages 44 – 45
Condensed Notes to the Interim Consolidated Financial Statements
pages 46 – 52
(d)
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 21 July 
2017, pages 74 to 112, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which is published on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/F%20Base%20Prospectus_a17be687-538f-4364-9825-
131edf7e1b4e.PDF) and as amended by the Supplement dated 1 February 2018 which is published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/FBPSupplement_422abe44-e173-
4807-938e-d9e6ceec5dd5.pdf);
(e)
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 24 July 
2018, pages 94 to 139, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which is published on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_4ac2bfb2-
eae2-4814-8c17-84a5e4f8516d.PDF);
(f)
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 
24 July 2018, pages 140 to 179, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_4ac2bfb2-eae2-4814-8c17-
84a5e4f8516d.PDF);
(g)
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 19 July 
2019, pages 103 to 150, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_f0cef38b-
5685-4c75-b7e1-eaaa203da85f.pdf);
(h)
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 
19 July 2019, pages 151 to 192, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which is 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://www.ise.ie/debt_documents/Base%20Prospectus_f0cef38b-5685-4c75-b7e1-
eaaa203da85f.pdf) and as amended by the Supplement dated 1 April 2020 which is published on the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_794a0ee4-13a9-4779-8d2b-9099bda4d604.pdf);
(i)
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 27 July 
2020, pages 110 to 156, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which is published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-

--- Page 73 ---
A51796379 
73
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_66e8fdde-99d0-4ee4-81a6-4b0114fbd12d.pdf) 
and 
as 
amended by the Supplement dated 1 December 2020 which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_8f5dde7c-1cfd-4a3c-a78a-b413ca129ab8.pdf); 
(j)
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 
27 July 2020, pages 157 to 197, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_66e8fdde-99d0-4ee4-81a6-4b0114fbd12d.pdf) 
and 
as 
amended by the Supplement dated 1 December 2020 which is published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_8f5dde7c-1cfd-4a3c-a78a-b413ca129ab8.pdf); 
(k)
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 11 
August 2021, pages 119 to 176, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202108/88aac564-92f6-4610-8353-75796561e88b.pdf);
(l)
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 
11 August 2021, pages 177 to 229, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202108/88aac564-92f6-4610-8353-75796561e88b.pdf);
(m)
the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 26 
August 2022, pages 125 to 183, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202208/b3ccd552-56b3-4cce-87f4-dfa79e8aeaf3.pdf); and
(n)
the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes contained in the previous Offering Circular dated 
26 August 2022, pages 184 to 236, prepared by the Issuer in connection with the Programme, which is 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin (https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/202208/b3ccd552-56b3-4cce-87f4-dfa79e8aeaf3.pdf).
Following the publication of this Offering Circular, supplements may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the Central Bank of Ireland in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained 
in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent 
applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements 
contained in this Offering Circular or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Offering Circular. 
Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of 
this Offering Circular.
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein are either deemed not relevant for an investor or 
are otherwise covered elsewhere in this Offering Circular.
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Offering Circular which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 74 ---
A51796379 
74
Alternative Performance Measures
The Issuer presents certain non-IFRS financial information in this Offering Circular, including information in 
the Board of Directors' Reports to the Q2 2023 Financial Statements, the 2022 Financial Statements and the 
2021 Financial Statements, all of which have been incorporated by reference into this Offering Circular. These 
non-IFRS financial information are not recognised as measures under IFRS. The Issuer, however, uses this 
financial information because it believes that they are of use for its investors.
According to the ESMA guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs"), the Issuer considers the 
following information presented in its Q2 2023 Financial Statements, the 2022 Financial Statements and the 
2021 Financial Statements as APMs: Adjusted EBITDA, FFO I (Funds from Operations I), FFO II (Funds from 
Operations II), AFFO (Adjusted Funds from Operations), Equity Ratio, LTV (Loan-to-Value), Unencumbered 
Assets Ratio, Net Debt-to-EBITDA, Net Debt-to-EBITDA including Perpetual Notes, ICR (Interest Coverage 
Ratio), DSCR (Debt Service Coverage Ratio), EPRA Earnings, EPRA NRV (EPRA Net Reinstatement Value), 
EPRA NTA (ERPA Net Tangible Assets), EPRA NDV (EPRA Net Disposal Value), EPRA NIY (EPRA Net 
Initial Yield), EPRA 'Topped-Up' NIY (EPRA 'Topped-Up' Net Initial Yield), EPRA Vacancy Rate, EPRA Cost 
Ratios, EPRA Capital Expenditure and EPRA LTV (EPRA Loan-to-Value). All APMs used by the Issuer relate 
to its or the Group's past performance. The Issuer believes that these measures are useful in evaluating the 
Group's operative performance, the net value of the Group's portfolio, and the level of indebtedness and of 
cashflows generated by the Group's business, because a number of companies, in particular in the real estate 
sector, also publish these figures.
For the definitions of certain of these APMs, please see pages 30 to 34 of the Q2 2023 Financial Statements, 
pages 76 to 82 of the 2022 Financial Statements and pages 68 to 73 of the 2021 Financial Statements.
For a reconciliation of certain of these APMs, their components as well as their basis of calculation, see the 
following pages of the Q2 2023 Financial Statements, the 2022 Financial Statements and the 2021 Financial 
Statements:
Q2 2023 Financial Statements
Page 30 (Adjusted EBITDA)
Pages 30 (FFO I)
Pages 30 (FFO II)
Page 31 (AFFO)
Page 31 (Equity Ratio)
Page 31 (LTV)
Page 31 (Unencumbered Assets Ratio)
Page 32 (Net Debt to EBITDA)
Page 32 (Net Debt to EBITDA including Perpetual Notes)
Page 32 (Interest Coverage Ratio (ICR))
Page 32 (Debt Service Coverage Ratio (DSCR))
Pages 33 (EPRA NRV)
Pages 33 (EPRA NTA)
Pages 34 (EPRA NDV)
Page 34 (EPRA LTV)
2022 Financial Statements
Page 76 (Adjusted EBITDA)
Page 76 (FFO I)
Page 76 (FFO II)
Page 77 (AFFO)
Page 77 (Equity Ratio)
Page 77 (LTV)

--- Page 75 ---
A51796379 
75
Page 77 (Unencumbered Assets Ratio)
Page 78 (Net Debt-to-EBITDA)
Page 78 (Net Debt-to-EBITDA including Perpetual Notes)
Page 78 (Interest Coverage Ratio (ICR))
Page 78 (Debt Service Coverage Ratio (DSCR))
Page 79 (EPRA Earnings)
Page 79 (EPRA NRV)
Page 80 (EPRA NTA)
Page 80 (EPRA NDV)
Page 81 (EPRA NIY)
Page 81 (EPRA 'Topped-Up' NIY)
Page 81 (EPRA Vacancy Rate)
Page 82 (EPRA Cost Ratios)
Page 82 (EPRA Capital Expenditure)
Pages 82 to 83 (EPRA LTV)
2021 Financial Statements
Page 52 (Adjusted EBITDA)
Pages 52 to 53 (FFO I)
Pages 52 to 53 (FFO II)
Page 53 (AFFO)
Page 58 (Equity Ratio)
Page 59 (LTV)
Page 59 (Unencumbered Assets Ratio)
Page 59 (Interest Coverage Ratio (ICR))
Page 59 (Debt Service Coverage Ratio (DSCR))
Pages 61 to 63 (EPRA NRV)
Pages 61 to 63 (EPRA NTA)
Pages 61 to 63 (EPRA NDV)
Page 64 (EPRA Earnings)
Page 65 (EPRA NIY)
Page 65 (EPRA 'Topped-Up' NIY)
Page 66 (EPRA Vacancy Rate)
Pages 66 to 67 (EPRA Cost Ratios)
Page 67 (EPRA Capital Expenditure)

--- Page 76 ---
A51796379 
76
FORM OF THE NOTES
Bearer Notes
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a "Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note" and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a 
"Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will:
(a)
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and
(b)
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as 
such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying 
Agent.
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons and talons attached 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States 
and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer 
Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the 
Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in 
a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused.
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of

--- Page 77 ---
A51796379 
77
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification.
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, receipts, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means 
that (i) in respect of the Senior Notes, an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 of the Senior Notes) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) in respect of the Senior Notes, the Issuer 
has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented 
by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by two Directors 
of the Issuer is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 16 (Notices) of the Subordinated Notes if 
an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) or 
the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt 
of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent.
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes), receipts and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE."
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Bearer Notes, receipts or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes, 
receipts or interest coupons.
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.
Registered Notes
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a
"Registered Global Note").
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are to 
be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the "NSS"), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common Depositary 
of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled 
or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of 
definitive Notes in fully registered form.
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate/ whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a

--- Page 78 ---
A51796379 
78
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be so 
held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (each as defined in Condition 
6.5 of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 6.4 of the Subordinated Notes) as the registered holder 
of the Registered Global Notes. None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Registrar will have 
any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account 
of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant Record 
Date (as defined in Condition 6.5 of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, Condition 6.4 of the Subordinated 
Notes) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition.
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without receipts, interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) in respect of the Senior Notes, an 
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by 
reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have 
in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or 
(iii) in respect of the Senior Notes, the Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which 
would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form and a 
certificate to that effect signed by two Directors of the Issuer is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 of the Senior Notes or, as the case may be, 
Condition 16 of the Subordinated Notes if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the 
Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) 
above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar.
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable.
General
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under the relevant Terms and Conditions of the Notes), the 
Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form 
a single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes 
of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code, ISIN, FISN and CFI (as applicable) which are 
different from the common code, ISIN, FISN and CFI (as applicable) assigned to Notes of any other Tranche 
of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be

--- Page 79 ---
A51796379 
79
prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) 
applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
No Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless 
the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails to do so within 60 days, or (ii) is unable for any reason 
so to do, and the failure or inability shall be continuing.
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event, other than where such Notes are Exempt Senior Notes, 
a new Offering Circular will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in 
relation to such Notes.

--- Page 80 ---
A51796379 
80
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS FOR SENIOR NOTES
SENIOR NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT SENIOR NOTES, AND SENIOR NOTES TO BE 
ADMITTED TO TRADING ONLY ON A REGULATED MARKET, OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A 
REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Senior Notes issued under 
the Programme which are not Exempt Senior Notes and which (1) have a denomination of €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency) or more, and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated market, 
or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) have access.
[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is eligible counterparties 
and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MiFIR Product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Senior Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Senior Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Senior Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Senior Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Senior Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior

--- Page 81 ---
A51796379 
81
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Senior Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Senior Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Senior Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as amended) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined 
the classification of the Senior Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]3
[Date]
Grand City Properties S.A.
société anonyme
37, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B165560
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5299002QLUYKK2WBMB18
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Senior Notes]
under the €10,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
[The Senior Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], which is 
[an EEA regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), to which 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes potentially constitute "packaged"products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
2 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
3 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Senior Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products 
as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 82 ---
A51796379 
82
only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be offered or 
sold to non-qualified investors.]4
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated 7 September 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Offering Circular"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under an Offering Circular with an earlier date.]
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Offering Circular dated [21 July 2017 [and the supplement to it dated 1 February 2018]/24 July 
2018/19 July 2019/27 July 2020 [and the supplement to it dated 1 December 2020]/11 August 2021/26 August 
2022] which are incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 7 September 2023. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Senior Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 7 September 2023 [and the supplement[s] to 
it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the "Offering Circular"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Offering 
Circular, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]
1
Issuer:
Grand City Properties S.A.
2
(a)
Series Number:
[
]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[
]
(c)
Date on which the Senior Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series:
The Senior Notes will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Senior Note 
for interests in the Permanent Global Senior Note, as 
referred to in paragraph 26 below, which is expected 
to occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable]
3
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[
]
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
4 
Legend to be included for Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which will only be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors can have access. As 
at the date of the Offering Circular, Euronext Dublin does not have a specific segment to which only qualified investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) can have access and therefore, any Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another 
currency) cannot be offered in the manner described in this legend until such a segment is established.

--- Page 83 ---
A51796379 
83
(a)
Series:
[
]
(b)
Tranche:
[
]
5
Issue Price:
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
6
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[    ]
(N.B. Senior Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) unless 
they are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated 
market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, 
to which only qualified investors have access)
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed:
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000. No Senior 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above €199,000."))
(b)
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form see 
Conditions):
[    ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)
7
(a)
Issue Date:
[    ]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Senior Notes, for example Zero 
Coupon Senior Notes.)
8
Maturity Date:
Specify date or for Floating Rate Senior Notes – 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]]
9
Interest Basis:
[[    ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[    ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded 
Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR] +/- [    ] 
per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero coupon]
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17])
10
Redemption/Payment Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Senior Notes will be redeemed on

--- Page 84 ---
A51796379 
84
the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount
11
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 and 
16 below and identify there][Not Applicable]
12
Put/Call Options:
[Issuer Call]
[Make-Whole Redemption]
[Investor Put]
[Merger Put]
[Change of Control Put]
[(see paragraph[s] [19]/[20]/[21]/[22]/[23] below)]
[Not Applicable]
13
Status of the Senior Notes:
Senior
14
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Senior 
Notes obtained:
[     ] [Not Applicable]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Senior Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
15
Fixed Rate Senior Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[    ] in each year, commencing on [ ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date[, provided that if any 
Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a 
Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the 
next succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month in which 
event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day]
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Senior Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Senior 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions):
[    ] per Calculation Amount
(d)
Broken Amount(s) for Senior Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to Senior 
Notes in global form see Conditions):
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable]
(e)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]

--- Page 85 ---
A51796379 
85
(f)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[    ]
(g)
Determination Date(s):
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon)
16
Floating Rate Senior Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates:
[    ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
(b)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[    ]
(d)
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(e)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent):
[    ] (the "Calculation Agent")
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Reference Rate:
[    ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded Daily 
SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR]

Interest Determination Date(s):
[    ]/[The day falling the number of London Banking 
Days included in the below SONIA Observation 
Look-Back Period prior to the day on which the 
relevant Interest Period ends (but which by its 
definition is excluded from the Interest Period)]/[The 
day falling the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days included in the below 
SOFR Observation Shift Period prior to the day on 
which the relevant Interest Period ends (but which by 
its definition is excluded from the Interest Period)]
(The second day on which the TARGET System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR and the second Oslo business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR)

Relevant Screen Page:
[    ]

--- Page 86 ---
A51796379 
86
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)

SONIA Observation Method:
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift]
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes which 
specify the Reference Rate as being "Compounded 
Daily SONIA")

SONIA 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period:
[[[  ] [London Banking Day[s]][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes which 
specify the Reference Rate as being "Compounded 
Daily SONIA")

SOFR Observation Shift Period:
[[  
] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day[s]/Not Applicable]
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes which 
specify the Reference Rate as being "Compounded 
Daily SOFR")

Index Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Specified Time:
[    ]
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Floating Rate Option:
[    ]

Designated Maturity:
[    ]

Reset Date:
[    ]
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period)
(h)
Linear Interpolation:
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
30E/360 (ISDA)]
17
Zero Coupon Senior Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
A51796379 
87
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[    ]
(c)
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts:
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
18
Notice periods for Condition 7.2– Redemption 
for tax reasons:
Minimum period: [30] days
Maximum period: [60] days
19
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[    ] [Any Business Day (as defined in Condition 
5.2(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes) falling in the period from (and including) [ ] 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[[    ] per Calculation Amount]
(c)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[    ]
(ii)
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[    ]
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.)
20
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Make-whole Redemption Margin:
[[   ] basis points/Not Applicable]
(b)
Reference Bond:
[CA Selected Bond/[   ]]
(c)
Quotation Time:
[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[   
]] time/Not 
Applicable]
(d)
Reference Bond Price:
[The [   ] price/Not Applicable]
(e)
Relevant 
Make-whole 
Determination 
Time:
[[   ] [a.m./p.m.] [Brussels/London/[   ]] time/Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 88 ---
A51796379 
88
(f)
Make-whole Reference Source:
[[   ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [   ] in the case of the relevant 
price for the Reference Bond/Not Applicable]
(g)
Reference Rate Determination Date:
[The [   ] Business Day preceding the [relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date/date on which the 
relevant notice of redemption is given]/Not 
Applicable]
(h)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[    ]
(ii)
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[    ]
(i)
Reference Rate:
[Reference Bond Rate][Reference Swap Rate]
(j)
Relevant Make-whole Screen Page:
[[   ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [   ] in the case of the relevant 
price for the Reference Bond/[   ]/Not Applicable]
(k)
Floating Leg Reference Rate:
[    ]
(l)
Floating Leg Screen Page:
[    ]
21
Investor Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[    ]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[    ] per Calculation Amount
(NB: If the Optional Redemption Amount is other 
than a specified amount per Calculation Amount, the 
Notes will need to be Exempt Senior Notes)
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.)
22
Merger Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
Merger Redemption Amount:
[    ] per Calculation Amount
23
Change of Control Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
Change of Control Redemption Amount:
[    ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 89 ---
A51796379 
89
24
Final Redemption Amount:
[    ] per Calculation Amount
25
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default:
[    ] per Calculation Amount
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but consider). 
If, however, the Final Redemption Amount is other 
than 100 per cent. of the nominal value, 
consideration should be given as to what the Early 
Redemption Amount should be.)
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SENIOR NOTES
26
Form of Senior Notes:
(a)
Form:
[Bearer Senior Notes:
[Temporary Global Senior Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent 
Global 
Senior 
Note 
which 
is 
exchangeable for Definitive Senior Notes only upon 
an Exchange Event]
[Temporary Global Senior Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Senior Notes on and after the Exchange 
Date]
[Permanent Global Senior Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Senior Notes only upon an Exchange 
Event]
(N.B. The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Senior Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of 
€1,000 in excess thereof up to and including 
€199,000." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Senior Notes which is to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Senior
Note exchangeable for Definitive Senior Notes.)
[Registered Senior Notes:
[Global Senior Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]
(b)
New Global Note:
[Yes][No]
(c)
New Safekeeping Structure:
[Yes][No]
27
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for

--- Page 90 ---
A51796379 
90
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 16(c) relates)
28
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Senior Notes:
[Yes, as the Senior Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Grand City Properties S.A.:
By:  .........................................  
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of Grand City Properties S.A.:
By:  .........................................  
Duly authorised
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING
(i)
Listing and Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Senior Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin and 
listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [    ].]
(Where documenting a fungible issue, disclosure 
should indicate that the original Senior Notes are 
already admitted to trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[    ]
2
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Senior Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are 
expected to be]] [have not been] rated]/[The 
following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Senior 
Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally:]
[[●] by [●]]

--- Page 91 ---
A51796379 
91
[(endorsed by [●])]
[[●] and is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "CRA Regulation"). As such, [●] is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) 
in 
accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Senior Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.)
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the 
Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Senior Notes has an interest material to the offer. 
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Offering Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)
4
YIELD (Fixed Rate Senior Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[    ] per cent. per annum
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.
5
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
Trade Date:
[    ]
(ii)
ISIN:
[    ]
(iii) Common Code:
[    ]
(iv) CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(v)
FISN:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]

--- Page 92 ---
A51796379 
92
(vi) Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
(vii) Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(viii)Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[    ] [Not Applicable]
(ix) Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility:
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Senior Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Senior Notes which 
are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Senior Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all 
times during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Senior Notes are capable of meeting them the 
Senior Notes may then be deposited with one of the 
ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered in the 
name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper][include this text for Registered 
Senior Notes]. Note that this does not necessarily 
mean that the Senior Notes will then be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]]
6
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 93 ---
A51796379 
93
(If the Senior Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Senior Notes do 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products 
and 
a 
key 
information document will be prepared in the EEA, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Senior 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Senior Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products or the Senior Notes do 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products 
and 
a 
key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
"Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Senior 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
key information document will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)
(viii)Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)
7
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Offering Circular/Give 
details]
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Offering 
Circular – if reasons for offer different from what is 
disclosed in the Offering Circular, give details)
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[    ]

--- Page 94 ---
A51796379 
94
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS FOR SUBORDINATED NOTES
SUBORDINATED NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY 
OTHER CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT SUBORDINATED NOTES, AND 
SUBORDINATED NOTES TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ONLY ON A REGULATED MARKET, 
OR A SPECIFIC SEGMENT OF A REGULATED MARKET, TO WHICH ONLY QUALIFIED 
INVESTORS HAVE ACCESS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Subordinated Notes issued 
under the Programme which are not Exempt Subordinated Notes and which (i) have a denomination of €100,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency) or more, and/or (2) are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated 
market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, to which only qualified investors (as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) have access.
[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID 
II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MiFIR Product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Subordinated Notes is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Subordinated Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Subordinated Notes (a "UK distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Subordinated Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the

--- Page 95 ---
A51796379 
95
Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Subordinated Notes are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Subordinated 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Subordinated Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as amended) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined 
the classification of the Subordinated Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products 
and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]5
[Date]
Grand City Properties S.A.
société anonyme
37, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B165560
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5299002QLUYKK2WBMB18
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Subordinated Notes]
under the €10,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
[The Subordinated Notes will only be admitted to trading on [insert name of relevant QI market/segment], 
which is [an EEA regulated market/a specific segment of an EEA regulated market] (as defined in MiFID II), 
5 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Subordinated Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets 
products as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018.

--- Page 96 ---
A51796379 
96
to which only qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and shall not be 
offered or sold to non-qualified investors.]6
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Offering Circular dated 7 September 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Offering Circular"). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under an Offering Circular with an earlier date.]
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Offering Circular dated [24 July 2018/19 July 2019 [and the supplement to it dated 1 April 
2020]/27 July 2020 [and the supplement to it dated 1 December 2020]/11 August 2021/26 August 2022] which 
are incorporated by reference in the Offering Circular dated 7 September 2023. This document constitutes the 
Final Terms of the Subordinated Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must 
be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 7 September 2023 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the "Offering Circular"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Offering 
Circular, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published on the website 
of Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in 
which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.]
1
Issuer:
Grand City Properties S.A.
2
(a)
Series Number:
[
]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[
]
(c)
Date on which the Subordinated Notes 
will be consolidated and form a single 
Series:
The Subordinated Notes will be consolidated and 
form a single Series with [identify earlier Tranches] 
on [the Issue Date/the date that is 40 days after the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Subordinated Note for interests in the Permanent 
Global Subordinated Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 25 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable]
6 
Legend to be included for Subordinated Notes with a minimum denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) which 
will only be admitted to trading on a Member State regulated market, or a specific segment of a Member State regulated market, to which only 
qualified investors can have access. As at the date of the Offering Circular, Euronext Dublin does not have a specific segment to which only 
qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) can have access and therefore, any Subordinated Notes with a minimum 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) cannot be offered in the manner described in this legend until such a 
segment is established.

--- Page 97 ---
A51796379 
97
3
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[
]
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(a)
Series:
[
]
(b)
Tranche:
[
]
5
Issue Price:
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
6
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[    ]
(N.B. Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or equivalent) unless 
they are to be admitted to trading only on a regulated 
market, or a specific segment of a regulated market, 
to which only qualified investors have access)
(N.B. – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed:
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in excess 
thereof up to and including €199,000. No 
Subordinated Notes in definitive form will be issued 
with a denomination above €199,000."))
(b)
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form see 
Conditions):
[    ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
N.B: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)
7
(a)
Issue Date:
[    ]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
8
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Subordinated 
Notes – Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]]/[Undated]
9
Interest Basis:
[[
] 
per 
cent. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Resettable 
Subordinated 
Note] 
[[
] 
month 
[EURIBOR/NIBOR 
Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR] +/- [
] per 
cent. Floating Rate Subordinated Note]
(see paragraph [14]/[15])
10
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Subordinated Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of 
their nominal amount][Not Applicable]

--- Page 98 ---
A51796379 
98
(Specify 'Not Applicable' for Undated Subordinated 
Notes)
11
Call Options:
[Issuer Call]
[Tax Deduction Event]
[Accounting Event] 
[Rating Event]
[Gross-up Event]
[Repurchase Event]
[Change of Control Event]
[(see paragraph[s] [17]/[18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22]/[23] 
below)]
[Not Applicable]
12
Status of the Subordinated Notes:
[Dated/Undated] Subordinated Notes
13
Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Subordinated Notes obtained:
[     ] [Not Applicable]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Subordinated Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14
Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note 
Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
First Fixed Rate of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[
] in each year from and including [
] [up to 
and including the Maturity Date]
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)
(c)
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount(s) 
for 
Subordinated Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Subordinated Notes in 
global form see Conditions) and in respect 
of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date:
[    ] per Calculation Amount
(d)
Broken Amount(s) for Subordinated 
Notes in definitive form (and in relation to 
Subordinated Notes in global form see 
Conditions):
[[    ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [    ]][Not 
Applicable]
(e)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[30/360] 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)] 
(f)
Determination Date(s):
[[    ] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular

--- Page 99 ---
A51796379 
99
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon)
(g)
First Reset Date:
[       ] 
(h)
Reset Date(s):
[The First Reset Date and each date falling on the 
[
] anniversary of the First Reset Date]/[
]
(i)
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate(s) and 
Relevant Financial Centre:
Subsequent 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate: 
[Mid 
Swaps/Reference Bond]
[Relevant Financial Centre: [
]]
(j)
Margin:
[In respect of (a) the Reset Period ending on (but 
excluding) [ ] 20[ ], [the initial credit spread] per 
cent.; (b) each Reset Period which falls in the period 
commencing on (and including) [ ] 20[ ] and ending 
on (but excluding) [  ] 20[ ], [the initial credit spread 
plus [ ] bps] per cent.; and (c) each Reset Period 
which falls on or after [  ] 20[  ], [the initial credit 
spread plus [ ] bps] per cent.]/[
]
(k)
Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page:
[
]
(l)
Reset Determination Date(s):
[
]
(m) Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time:
[
]
(n)
Step Up Margin after Change of Control 
Event:
[
] per cent. per annum
(o)
Subsequent Reset Floating Leg Reference 
Rate:
[
]
(p)
Subsequent Reset Floating Leg Screen 
Page:
[
]
(q)
Initial Reset Reference Rate:
[
]
15
Floating Rate Subordinated Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates:
[    ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]
(b)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[    ]
(d)
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]

--- Page 100 ---
A51796379 
100
(e)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent):
[    ] (the "Calculation Agent")
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Reference Rate:
[    ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded Daily 
SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR]

Interest Determination Date(s):
[         ]/[The day falling the number of London 
Banking Days included in the below SONIA 
Observation Look-Back Period prior to the day on 
which the relevant Interest Period ends (but which by 
its definition is excluded from the Interest 
Period)]/The day falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in 
the below SOFR Observation Shift Period prior to 
the day on which the relevant Interest Period ends 
(but which by its definition is excluded from the 
Interest Period)]
(The second day on which the TARGET System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR and the second Oslo business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR)

Relevant Screen Page:
[    ]
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)

SONIA Observation Method:
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift]
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
"Compounded Daily SONIA")

SONIA 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period:
[[[  ] [London Banking Day[s]][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
"Compounded Daily SONIA")

SOFR Observation Shift Period:
[[  
] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day[s]/Not Applicable]
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes 
which specify the Reference Rate as being 
"Compounded Daily SOFR")

Index Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Specified Time:
[    ]
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Floating Rate Option:
[    ]

--- Page 101 ---
A51796379 
101

Designated Maturity:
[    ]

Reset Date:
[    ]
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period)
(h)
Linear Interpolation:
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [    ] per cent. per annum
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[    ] per cent. per annum
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
30E/360 (ISDA)]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
16
Notice periods for Condition 7:
Minimum period: [30] days
Maximum period: [60] days
17
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Issuer Call Period(s):
The period commencing on (and including) [day 
falling on applicable anniversary for the minimum 
period Notes to remain outstanding] and ending on 
(and including) [the Business Day immediately prior 
to the First Reset Date or the Floating Rate Call Date]
(b)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.) 
(c)
Fixed Reset Call Date(s):
[Each Interest Payment Date following the First 
Reset Date]/[Each Reset Date following the First 
Reset Date]/[Any date following the First Reset Date 
and the expiry of the notice of redemption given by

--- Page 102 ---
A51796379 
102
the Issuer in accordance with Condition 7.2 as 
specified in such notice]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. only relevant for Fixed Rate Resettable 
Subordinated Notes)
(d)
Floating Rate Call Date:
[Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to 
[specify month and year]]/[Not Applicable]
(N.B. Only relevant for Floating Rate Subordinated 
Notes)
18
Tax Deduction Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
19
Accounting Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
20
Rating Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
21
Gross-up Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
22
Repurchase Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
23
Change of Control Event:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
24
Final Redemption Amount:
[[
] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable]
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SUBORDINATED NOTES
25
Form of Subordinated Notes:
(a)
Form:
[Bearer Subordinated Notes:
[Temporary Global Subordinated Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Subordinated Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Subordinated Notes 
only upon an Exchange Event]
[Temporary Global Subordinated Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Subordinated Notes on and after the 
Exchange Date]
[Permanent Global Subordinated Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Subordinated Notes only upon an 
Exchange Event]
(N.B.  The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Subordinated Notes in 
paragraph 6 includes language substantially to the 
following effect: "€100,000 and integral multiples of 
€1,000 in excess thereof up to and including 
€199,000." 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination construction is not permitted in 
relation to any issue of Subordinated Notes which is 
to be represented on issue by a Temporary Global 
Subordinated Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Subordinated Notes.)
[Registered Subordinated Notes:
[Global Subordinated Note registered in the name of 
a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear

--- Page 103 ---
A51796379 
103
and Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg]
(b)
New Global Subordinated Note:
No
(c)
New Safekeeping Structure:
No
26
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment)
27
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Subordinated Notes:
[Yes, as the Subordinated Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, Talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made/No]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of Grand City Properties S.A.:
By:  .........................................  
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of Grand City Properties S.A.:
By:  .........................................  
Duly authorised
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING
(i)
Listing and Admission to trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Subordinated Notes to be admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin 
and listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin 
with effect from [    ].]
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[    ]
2
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Subordinated Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] [have not been] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Subordinated Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally:]

--- Page 104 ---
A51796379 
104
[[●] by [●]]
[(endorsed by [●])]
[[●] and is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) 
(the "CRA Regulation"). As such, [●] is included in 
the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-
rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) 
in 
accordance 
with the CRA Regulation.]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.]
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Subordinated Notes of the type being 
issued under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.)
[The following paragraphs in italics do not form 
part of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Subordinated Notes.
The Issuer intends (without thereby assuming any 
legal or contractual obligation) that it will only 
redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes to the 
extent that the equity credit of the Subordinated 
Notes to be redeemed or repurchased does not 
exceed the equity credit resulting from the sale or 
issuance prior to the date of such redemption or 
repurchase by the Issuer of securities to third party 
purchasers (other than subsidiaries of the Issuer). 
The following exceptions apply as to the Issuer's 
replacement intention. The Subordinated Notes are 
not required to be replaced:
(i)
if the rating (or such equivalent 
nomenclature then used by [S&P]) 
assigned by [S&P] to the Issuer is at least 
equal to the rating on the date of the last 
additional hybrid issuance (excluding 
refinancing) and the Issuer is comfortable 
that such rating would not fall below this 
level as a result of such redemption or 
repurchase; or
(ii)
in the case of repurchase of less than (x) 
10 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes 
originally issued in any period of 12 
consecutive months or (y) 25 per cent. of

--- Page 105 ---
A51796379 
105
the aggregate principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes originally issued in 
any period of 10 consecutive years is 
repurchased; or
(iii)
if the Subordinated Notes are redeemed 
pursuant 
to 
a 
Rating 
Event, 
an 
Accounting Event, a Tax Deduction Event, 
or a Gross-Up Event; or
(iv)
in the case of repurchase, such repurchase 
would cause the Issuer's outstanding 
hybrid securities which are assigned 
equity credit by [S&P] to remain below 
the maximum aggregate principal amount 
of hybrid securities which S&P, under its 
then prevailing methodology, would 
assign equity credit to based on the 
Issuer's adjusted total capitalisation; or
(v)
if the Subordinated Notes are not assigned 
an "equity credit" (or such similar 
nomenclature then used by [S&P] at the 
time of such redemption or repurchase); 
or
(vi)
if such redemption or repurchase occurs 
on or after [ ].]
(N.B. Only relevant for Undated Subordinated 
Notes)
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Subordinated Notes has an interest material to the offer.  The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there are other interests] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Offering Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)
4
YIELD (Fixed Rate Subordinated Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[    ] per cent. per annum
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.
5
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
Trade Date:
[    ]
(ii)
ISIN:
[    ]
(iii) Common Code:
[    ]

--- Page 106 ---
A51796379 
106
(iv) CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(v)
FISN:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(vi) Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
(vii) Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(viii)Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[    ] [Not Applicable]
6
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
Applicable
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
Applicable
(viii)Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)
7
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Offering Circular/Give 
details]
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Offering 
Circular – if reasons for offer different from what is 
disclosed in the Offering Circular, give details)
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[    ]

--- Page 107 ---
A51796379 
107
APPLICABLE PRICING SUPPLEMENT
EXEMPT SENIOR NOTES OF ANY DENOMINATION
Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt Senior 
Notes, whatever the denomination of those Notes, issued under the Programme.
[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MiFIR Product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "UK distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a UK distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II")/MiFID II]; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]7
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer 
7 
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 108 ---
A51796379 
108
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]8
[NOTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 309B(1)(C) OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT 2001 
(2020 REVISED EDITION) OF SINGAPORE – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as amended) and the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the "CMP Regulations 2018"), the Issuer has determined 
the classification of the Notes to be capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as 
defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore (the "MAS") Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS 
Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).]9
[Date]
Grand City Properties S.A.
société anonyme
37, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg
R.C.S. Luxembourg: B165560
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 5299002QLUYKK2WBMB18
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
under the €10,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no 
obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in 
relation to such offer.]10
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Notes described herein. This document must be read 
in conjunction with the Offering Circular dated 7 September 2023 [as supplemented by the supplement[s] dated 
[date[s]]] (the "Offering Circular"). Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available 
8 
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the 
selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable". 
9 
Legend to be included on front of the Pricing Supplement if the Notes sold into Singapore do not constitute prescribed capital markets products 
as defined under the CMP Regulations 2018. 
10 Include relevant legend wording here for the EEA and/or UK, as applicable, if the "Prohibition of Sales" legend and related selling restriction 
for that regime are not included/not specified to be "Applicable" (because the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products, or a key information 
document will be prepared, under that regime).

--- Page 109 ---
A51796379 
109
on the basis of the combination of this Pricing Supplement and the Offering Circular. Copies of the Offering 
Circular may be obtained from [address].
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Offering Circular [dated [original date] [and the supplement dated [date]] which are incorporated 
by reference in the Offering Circular].11
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs. 
Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.]
If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.
1
Issuer:
Grand City Properties S.A.
2
(a)
Series Number:
[         ]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[         ]
(c)
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single Series:
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 27 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies:
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(a)
Series:
[         ]
(b)
Tranche:
[         ]
5
Issue Price:
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
6
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[         ]
(b)
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global form see 
Conditions):
[         ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7
(a)
Issue Date:
[         ]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
11 Only include this language where it is a fungible issue and the original Tranche was issued under an Offering Circular with a different date.

--- Page 110 ---
A51796379 
110
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.)
8
Maturity Date:
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]] 
9
Interest Basis:
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate]
[[specify Reference Rate] +/- [         ] per cent. Floating 
Rate]
[Zero Coupon]
[Index Linked Interest]
[Dual Currency Interest]
[specify other]
(further particulars specified below)
10
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Redemption at par]
[Index Linked Redemption]
[Dual Currency Redemption]
[Partly Paid]
[Instalment]
[specify other]
11
Change of Interest Basis or 
Redemption/Payment Basis:
[Specify details of any provision for change of Notes 
into another Interest Basis or Redemption/Payment 
Basis][Not Applicable]
12
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Merger Put]
[Change of Control Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Make-Whole Redemption]
[(further particulars specified below)]
13
Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained:
[         ] [Not Applicable]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[         ] in each year, commencing on [  ], up to and 
including the Maturity Date[, provided that if any 
Interest Payment Date falls on a day which is not a

--- Page 111 ---
A51796379 
111
Business Day, the Interest Payment Date will be the 
next succeeding Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall in the next calendar month in which 
event the Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day]
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to Notes in 
global form see Conditions):
[         ] per Calculation Amount
(d)
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in definitive 
form (and in relation to Notes in global 
form see Conditions):
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable]
(e)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360/Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/Actual/365 
(Fixed)/specify other]
(f)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[         ]
(g)
[Determination Date(s):
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon]
(h)
Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate Notes 
which are Exempt Senior Notes:
[None/Give details]
15
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates:
[         ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following
Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention/ Preceding Business Day 
Convention/[specify other]][Not Applicable] 
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[         ]
(d)
Manner in which the Rate of Interest and 
Interest Amount is to be determined:
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination/specify other]
(e)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest and Interest Amount (if not the 
Agent):
[         ] (the "Calculation Agent")

--- Page 112 ---
A51796379 
112
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Reference Rate:
[         ] month [EURIBOR/NIBOR/Compounded 
Daily SONIA/Compounded Daily SOFR/specify 
other Reference Rate] (Either EURIBOR, NIBOR, 
Compounded Daily SONIA, Compounded Daily 
SOFR or other, although additional information is 
required if other, including fallback provisions in the 
Agency Agreement.)

Interest Determination Date(s):
[         ]/[The day falling the number of London 
Banking Days included in the below SONIA 
Observation Look-Back Period prior to the day on 
which the relevant Interest Period ends (but which by 
its definition is excluded from the Interest 
Period)]/The day falling the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days included in 
the below SOFR Observation Shift Period prior to 
the day on which the relevant Interest Period ends 
(but which by its definition is excluded from the 
Interest Period)]
(The second day on which the TARGET System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR and the second Oslo business day prior to 
the start of each Interest Period if NIBOR)

Relevant Screen Page:
[         ]
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)

SONIA Observation Method:
[Not Applicable/Lag/Shift]
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes which 
specify the Reference Rate as being "Compounded 
Daily SONIA")

SONIA 
Observation 
Look-Back 
Period:
[[[     ] [London Banking Day[s]][Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes which 
specify the Reference Rate as being "Compounded 
Daily SONIA")

SOFR Observation Shift Period:
[[     ] U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day[s]/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant for Floating Rate Senior Notes which 
specify the Reference Rate as being "Compounded 
Daily SOFR")

Index Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Specified Time:
[         ]

--- Page 113 ---
A51796379 
113
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

Floating Rate Option:
[
]

Designated Maturity:
[
]

Reset Date:
[
]
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period) 
(h)
Linear Interpolation:
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[         ] per cent. per annum
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[         ] per cent. per annum
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
Actual/365 (Fixed)
Actual/365 (Sterling)
Actual/360
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
30E/360 (ISDA)
[Other]
(m) Fallback provisions, rounding provisions 
and any other terms relating to the method 
of calculating interest on Floating Rate 
Notes which are Exempt Senior Notes, if 
different from those set out in the 
Conditions:
[         ] 
16
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[         ] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[         ] 
(c)
Any other formula/basis of determining 
amount payable for Zero Coupon Notes 
which are Exempt Senior Notes:
[         ] 
(d)
Day Count Fraction in relation to Early 
Redemption Amounts:
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365]
17
Index Linked Interest Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 114 ---
A51796379 
114
(a)
Index/Formula:
[give or annex details]
(b)
Calculation Agent
[give name]
(c)
Party responsible for calculating the Rate 
of Interest (if not the Calculation Agent) 
and Interest Amount (if not the Agent):
[         ] 
(d)
Provisions for determining Coupon where 
calculation by reference to Index and/or 
Formula is impossible or impracticable:
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions]
(e)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest 
Payment Dates:
[         ] 
(f)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention/specify other]
(g)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[         ] 
(h)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[         ] per cent. per annum
(i)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[         ] per cent. per annum
(j)
Day Count Fraction:
[         ] 
18
Dual Currency Interest Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate of Exchange/method of calculating 
Rate of Exchange:
[give or annex details]
(b)
Party, if any, responsible for calculating 
the principal and/or interest due (if not the 
Agent):
[         ] 
(c)
Provisions applicable where calculation 
by reference to Rate of Exchange 
impossible or impracticable:
[need to include a description of market disruption 
or settlement disruption events and adjustment 
provisions]
(d)
Person 
at 
whose 
option 
Specified 
Currency(ies) is/are payable:
[         ] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
19
Notice periods for Condition 7.2
Minimum period: [30] days
Maximum period: [60] days
20
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[         ] [Any Business Day (as defined in Condition 
5.2(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Senior 
Notes) falling in the period from (and including) [  ] 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date]

--- Page 115 ---
A51796379 
115
(b)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s):
[         ] per Calculation Amount
(c)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[         ] 
(ii)
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[         ] 
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.)
21
Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(a)
Make-whole Redemption Margin:
[[       ] basis points/Not Applicable]
(b)
Reference Bond:
[CA Selected Bond/[       ]]
(c)
Quotation Time:
[5.00 p.m. [Brussels/London/[       ]] time/Not 
Applicable]
(d)
Reference Rate Determination Date:
[The [       ] Business Day preceding the relevant 
Make-whole Redemption Date/date on which the 
relevant notice of redemption is given]/Not 
Applicable]
(e)
Reference Bond Price:
[The [       ] price/Not Applicable] 
(f)
Relevant 
Make-whole 
Determination 
Time:
[[ ] [a.m./p.m.] [Brussels/London/[ ]] time/Not 
Applicable]
(g)
Make-whole Reference Source:
[[ ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [ ] in the case of the relevant 
price for the Reference Bond/Not Applicable]
(h)
If redeemable in part:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(i)
Minimum Redemption Amount:
[         ] 
(ii)
Maximum Redemption Amount:
[         ] 
(i)
Reference Rate:
[Reference Bond Rate][Reference Swap Rate]
(j)
Relevant Make-whole Screen Page:
[[ ] in the case of the yield to maturity of the 
Reference Bond and [ ] in the case of the relevant 
price for the Reference Bond/[ ]/Not Applicable]
(k)
Floating Leg Reference Rate:
[         ] 
(l)
Floating Leg Screen Page:
[         ] 
22
Investor Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 116 ---
A51796379 
116
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[         ] 
(b)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount 
and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s):
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent or Trustee.)
23
Merger Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
Merger Redemption Amount:
[         ] per Calculation Amount
24
Change of Control Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
Change of Control Redemption Amount:
[         ] per Calculation Amount
25
Final Redemption Amount:
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]
26
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event of 
default and/or the method of calculating the 
same (if required]):
[[         ] per Calculation Amount/specify other/see 
Appendix]
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but consider). 
If, however, the Final Redemption Amount is other 
than 100 per cent. of the nominal value, 
consideration should be given as to what the Early 
Redemption Amount should be.)
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
27
Form of Notes:
(a)
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes only upon an Exchange Event]
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]

--- Page 117 ---
A51796379 
117
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes only upon an Exchange Event] 
[Registered Notes:
[Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg]
(b)
New Global Note:
[Yes][No] 
(c)
New Safekeeping Structure:
[Yes][No] 
28
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15(c) and 17(g) relate)
29
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes:
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No]
30
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: amount 
of each payment comprising the Issue Price 
and date on which each payment is to be made 
and consequences (if any) of failure to pay, 
including any right of the Issuer to forfeit the 
Notes and interest due on late payment.
[Not Applicable/give details. N.B. A new form of 
Temporary Global Note and/or Permanent Global 
Note may be required for Partly Paid issues]
31
Details relating to Instalment Notes:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Instalment Amount(s):
[give details]
(b)
Instalment Date(s):
[give details]
32
Other terms or special conditions:
[Not Applicable/give details]
RESPONSIBILITY
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [[Relevant third 
party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by 
[specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.
Signed on behalf of Grand City Properties S.A.:
By:  .........................................  
Duly authorised
Signed on behalf of Grand City Properties S.A.:

--- Page 118 ---
A51796379 
118
By:  .........................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 119 ---
A51796379 
119
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1
LISTING
[Application [has been made/is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
listed on [         ] with effect from [         ].] [Not 
Applicable]
2
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] [have not been] rated [insert details] by 
[insert the legal name of the relevant credit rating 
agency entity(ies)]. 
(The above disclosure is only required if the ratings 
of the Notes are different to those stated in the 
Offering Circular) 
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers named below/Dealers], 
so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, 
the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. – Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests] 
4
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
Trade Date:
[         ]
(ii)
ISIN:
[         ]
(iii) Common Code:
[         ]
(iv) CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(v)
FISN:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(vi) Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and the relevant identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
(vii) Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(viii)Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):
[         ][Not Applicable]
(ix) Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and

--- Page 120 ---
A51796379 
120
registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] [include this 
text for Registered Notes which are to be held under 
the NSS] and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of this Pricing Supplement, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper [, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper] [include this text for Registered 
Notes]. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]
5
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv) If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)
(vii) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be

--- Page 121 ---
A51796379 
121
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, "Applicable" should be specified.)
(viii)Prohibition 
of 
Sales 
to 
Belgian 
Consumers:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)
(ix) Additional selling restrictions:
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Additional selling restrictions are only likely to be 
relevant for certain structured Notes, such as 
commodity-linked Notes)

--- Page 122 ---
A51796379 
122
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SENIOR NOTES
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Senior Notes which will be incorporated by reference into 
each Global Senior Note (as defined below) and each definitive Senior Note, in the latter case only if permitted 
by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Senior Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any 
Tranche of Exempt Senior Notes may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified 
or to the extent inconsistent with the following Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the following Terms 
and Conditions for the purpose of such Senior Notes. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Senior Note and definitive Senior Note. Reference 
should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Senior Notes.
This Senior Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Senior Notes issued by Grand City Properties S.A. 
(the "Issuer") constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the "Trust Deed") dated 7 September 2023 made between the Issuer and M&G Trustee 
Company Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include any successor as Trustee).
References herein to the "Senior Notes" shall be references to the Senior Notes of this Series and shall mean:
(a)
in relation to any Senior Notes represented by a global Senior Note (a "Global Senior Note"), units of 
each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency;
(b)
any Global Senior Note; and
(c)
any definitive Senior Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Senior Notes") issued in exchange for a Global 
Senior Note in bearer form; and
(d)
any definitive Senior Notes in registered form ("Registered Senior Notes") (whether or not issued in 
exchange for a Global Senior Note in registered form).
The Senior Notes, the Receipts (as defined below) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an 
Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to 
time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 7 September 2023 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank 
of New York Mellon, acting through its London branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the "Principal 
Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and the other paying 
agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall 
include any additional or successor paying agents), The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar) and a transfer agent and 
the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, the "Transfer Agents", which expression 
shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
(if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, the Paying Agents, and other Transfer Agents 
together referred to as the "Agents".
The final terms for this Senior Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Senior Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the "Conditions") or, 
if this Senior Note is a Senior Note which is neither admitted to trading on (i) a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area or (ii) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 nor offered in (i) the 
European Economic Area or (ii) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be

--- Page 123 ---
A51796379 
123
(an "Exempt Senior Note"), the final terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the 
Pricing Supplement and may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the 
extent inconsistent with the Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Senior Note. 
References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Senior Note. Any reference in the Conditions to 
"applicable Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to applicable Pricing Supplement where 
relevant. The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Senior Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Bearer 
Senior Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for 
further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Exempt Senior Notes in 
definitive bearer form which are repayable in instalments have receipts ("Receipts") for the payment of the 
instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. Registered Senior Notes and Global 
Senior Notes do not have Receipts, Coupons or Talons attached on issue.
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Senior Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of Bearer 
Senior Notes) the holders of the Senior Notes and (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) the persons in whose 
name the Senior Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any Senior Notes represented by a Global Senior 
Note, be construed as provided below), the holders of the Receipts (the "Receiptholders") and the holders of 
the Coupons (the "Couponholders", which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the 
holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed.
As used herein, "Tranche" means Senior Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Senior Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Senior Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and 
date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are (i) available for inspection or collection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Senior 
Noteholder following their prior written request to the Trustee or any Paying Agents and provision of proof of 
holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be). If 
the Senior Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc, trading 
as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin. If this Senior Note is an Exempt Senior Note, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be 
obtainable by a Senior Noteholder holding one or more Senior Notes and such Senior Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer, the Trustee and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Senior Notes and 
identity. The Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and 
are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement.
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 124 ---
A51796379 
124
1
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE
The Senior Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the 
case of definitive Senior Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified Currency") and the 
denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the applicable Final Terms. Senior Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Senior Notes of another Specified Denomination and Bearer 
Senior Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Senior Notes and vice versa.
Unless this Senior Note is an Exempt Senior Note, this Senior Note may be a Fixed Rate Senior Note, a Floating 
Rate Senior Note or a Zero Coupon Senior Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.
If this Senior Note is an Exempt Senior Note, this Senior Note may be a Fixed Rate Senior Note, a Floating 
Rate Senior Note, a Zero Coupon Senior Note, an Index Linked Interest Senior Note, a Dual Currency Interest 
Senior Note or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.
If this Senior Note is an Exempt Senior Note, this Senior Note may also be an Index Linked Redemption Senior 
Note, an Instalment Senior Note, a Dual Currency Redemption Senior Note, a Partly Paid Senior Note or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.
Definitive Bearer Senior Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Senior Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Senior Notes, Receipts and Coupons will pass by delivery and title 
to the Registered Senior Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and 
treat the bearer of any Bearer Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered Senior 
Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global 
Senior Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.
For so long as any of the Senior Notes is represented by a Global Senior Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Senior Notes (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount 
of such Senior Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes 
save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Senior Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or 
interest on such nominal amount of such Senior Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer 
Global Senior Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Senior Note shall be treated by 
the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Senior Notes in accordance 
with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Senior Note and the expressions "Senior Noteholder" and 
"holder of Senior Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Senior Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in its 
absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned.

--- Page 125 ---
A51796379 
125
Senior Notes which are represented by a Global Senior Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms.
2
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED SENIOR NOTES
2.1
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Senior Notes
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Senior Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Senior Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Senior Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Senior Note of the same series only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and operating 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in 
accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement.
2.2
Transfers of Registered Senior Notes in definitive form
Subject as provided in paragraphs 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a Registered Senior Note in definitive form may be 
transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Senior 
Note for registration of the transfer of the Registered Senior Note (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Senior Note) at the specified office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly 
executed by the holder or holders thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and 
(ii) complete and deposit such other certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and 
(b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of 
title and the identity of the person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such 
reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe. 
Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this 
purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant 
Transfer Agent is located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any 
applicable fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and 
delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured 
mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Senior Note in definitive form of 
a like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Senior Note (or the relevant part of the Registered 
Senior Note) transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Senior Note in definitive 
form, a new Registered Senior Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Senior 
Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the 
transferor.
2.3
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption
In the event of a partial redemption of Senior Notes under Condition 7, the Issuer shall not be required 
to register the transfer of any Registered Senior Note, or part of a Registered Senior Note, called for 
partial redemption.

--- Page 126 ---
A51796379 
126
2.4
Costs of registration
Senior Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured 
mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp duty, tax 
or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.
3
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NOTES
The Senior Notes and any relative Receipts and Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject 
to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to time outstanding.
4
NEGATIVE PLEDGE
So long as any of the Senior Notes remains outstanding:
(a)
the Issuer will not create or have outstanding any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security 
Interest) upon, or with respect to, any of its present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues 
(including any uncalled capital) to secure any Capital Markets Indebtedness (as defined below), unless 
the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other 
case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that:
(i)
all amounts payable by it under the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed are secured by the Security 
Interest equally and rateably with the Capital Markets Indebtedness to the satisfaction of the 
Trustee; or
(ii)
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a 
Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in its absolute discretion deems not 
materially less beneficial to the interests of the Senior Noteholders or (B) as is approved by an 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Senior Noteholders; and
In these Conditions:
"Capital Market Indebtedness" means any present or future obligation for the payment of borrowed money 
(including obligations by reason of any guarantee or other liability agreement for such obligations of third 
parties) which is in the form of, or represented by, bonds, notes or other securities which are, with the consent 
of the Issuer, or are capable of being, quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange, over-the-counter-
market or other recognised securities market;
"Permitted Security Interest" means:
(a)
any Security Interest of a company existing at the time that such company is merged into, or consolidated 
with or acquired by, the Issuer or any other member of the Group (as the case may be), provided that 
such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of, and the principal amount secured has not 
increased in contemplation of or since, such merger, consolidation or acquisition;
(b)
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by the Issuer or 
any other member of the Group (as the case may be), provided that such Security Interest was not created 
in contemplation of, and the principal amount secured has not increased in contemplation of or since, 
such acquisition;

--- Page 127 ---
A51796379 
127
(c)
any Security Interest granted by the Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection with a 
Securitisation or Project Financing; or
(d)
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of subparagraphs (a) to (c) 
(inclusive) of this definition, provided that with respect to any such Security Interest (i) the principal 
amount secured has not increased and (ii) the Security Interest has not been extended to any additional 
assets;
"Project Finance Company" means a special purpose company whose sole business comprises a Project and 
the ownership, maintenance, improvement, operation and exploitation of the assets of that Project;
"Project Financing" means any financing of all or part of the costs of the acquisition, construction, 
development or operation of any assets (a "Project"), provided that (i) any Security Interest created by the 
Issuer or any other member of the Group in connection therewith is limited solely to such assets or the Share 
Capital of a Project Finance Company relating to that Project, and (ii) the documentation in respect of such 
financing provides for recourse to be limited to the assets financed and the revenues (including insurance 
proceeds) derived from such assets as the principal source of repayment for the money borrowed;
"Securitisation" means any securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided that (i) any 
Security Interest given in connection therewith is limited solely to the assets and/or revenues which are the 
subject of the securitisation; and (ii) recourse in respect of such securitisation is limited to the assets and/or 
revenues so securitised as the principal source of repayment for the money advanced; and
"Security Interest" means any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, assignment, or security interest or any other 
agreement or arrangement having a similar effect.
5
INTEREST
5.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Senior Notes
Each Fixed Rate Senior Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at 
the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.
If the Senior Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified.
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.
Except in the case of Senior Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any 
period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(a)
in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes which are represented by (i) a Global Senior Note or (ii) 
Registered Senior Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the 
Fixed Rate Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note or (B) such Registered Senior 
Notes (or, in each case, if they are Partly Paid Senior Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or

--- Page 128 ---
A51796379 
128
(b)
in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes which are Bearer Senior Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Fixed Rate Senior Notes, which are 
Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Senior Notes 
which are Bearer Senior Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention.
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Senior Note which is a Bearer Senior Note in 
definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Fixed Rate Senior Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) 
for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the 
Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 5.1:
(i)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365;
(ii)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(A)
in the case of Senior Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual Period") is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number 
of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or
(B)
in the case of Senior Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and
(iii)
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.

--- Page 129 ---
A51796379 
129
In these Conditions:
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.
5.2
Interest on Floating Rate Senior Notes
(a)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Senior Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an "Interest Payment 
Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, "Interest Period" 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Floating 
Rate Senior Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date.
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is:
(A)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or
(C)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or
(D)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 130 ---
A51796379 
130
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;
(b)
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System (known as TARGET or T2) or any successor or replacement for that system (the 
"TARGET System") is open; and
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET System 
is open.
(b)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Senior Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Senior Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which:
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(B)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero.

--- Page 131 ---
A51796379 
131
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes not referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is neither Compounded 
Daily SONIA nor Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") or the Norwegian interbank offered rate ("NIBOR"), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case 
of NIBOR) (such time, the "Reference Time") on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as 
at the Reference Time, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Reference Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Reference Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than

--- Page 132 ---
A51796379 
132
two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Reference Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period).
In this Condition 5.2(b)(ii) the expression "Reference Banks" means, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, and in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four 
major banks in the Norwegian inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Principal Paying 
Agent in consultation with the Issuer and approved in writing by the Trustee.
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA
(A)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified as being "Compounded Daily SONIA", the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such 
Interest Period plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
all as determined and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable.
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period,
(I)
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 y
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥 x −1) 𝑥365
𝑑
where:
"SONIA Compounded Indexx" is the SONIA Compounded Index value for the 
day falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period;
"SONIA Compounded Indexy" is the SONIA Compounded Index value for the 
day falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for the

--- Page 133 ---
A51796379 
133
relevant Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); and
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period;
provided that if the SONIA Compounded Index value required to determine 
SONIA Compounded Indexx or SONIA Compounded Indexy does not appear on 
the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source on 
which the compounded daily SONIA rate is published by the Bank of England (or 
any successor administrator of SONIA), at the Specified Time on the relevant 
London Banking Day (or by 5:00 p.m. London time or such later time falling one 
hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication of the SONIA 
Compounded Index in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures 
of the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate or SONIA authorised 
distributors, as the case may be), then Compounded Daily SONIA for such Interest 
Period and each subsequent Interest Period shall be "Compounded Daily SONIA" 
determined in accordance with paragraph (II) below and for these purposes the 
"SONIA Observation Method" shall be deemed to be "Shift"; or
(II)
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 5.2(b)(iii)(A)(II) applies to such 
Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 5.2(b)(iii)(A)(I) above, the rate 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥365
𝑑
where:
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" 
is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA Observation 
Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period;
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in (where in the applicable Final 
Terms "Lag" is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest 
Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period;
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period;

--- Page 134 ---
A51796379 
134
"ni", for any London Banking Day "i", is the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day; and
"SONIAi-pLBD" means:
(a)
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in 
the relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London 
Banking Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such London 
Banking Day "i"; or
(b)
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, "SONIAi-pLBD" shall be replaced in the above formula 
with "SONIAi", where "SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day "i" falling in the relevant SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA 
Reference Rate for such London Banking Day "i".
(B)
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be:
(I)
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, the Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or the Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); or
(II)
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Series of Floating Rate Senior Notes for 
the first scheduled Interest Period had the Floating Rate Senior Notes been in issue 
for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest Period but ending on 
(and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and applying the Margin and, 
if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest, 
applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period).
(C)
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(b)(iii):
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London;
"p" means the number of London Banking Days included in the SONIA Observation 
Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
"SONIA" has the meaning given to it in the definition of SONIA Reference Rate;
"SONIA Compounded Index" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
compounded daily SONIA rate as published by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) as such rate appears on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source on which the compounded daily SONIA rate

--- Page 135 ---
A51796379 
135
is published by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA), at the 
Specified Time on such London Banking Day;
"SONIA Observation Look-Back Period" means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms;
"SONIA Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling p London Banking Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such other date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period);
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) to authorised 
distributors (the "SONIA authorised distributors") and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by the SONIA authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day, provided that if, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the SONIA authorised distributors by 5.00 
p.m. London time, then (unless the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and any related 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to Condition 5.3 below, if 
applicable) the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be:
(I)
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
London time (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus 
(ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or
(II)
if the Bank Rate described in (I) above is not available at such time on such London 
Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the SONIA authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the SONIA 
authorised distributors); and
"Specified Time" means 10:00 a.m., London time, or such other time as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.
(iv)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Senior Notes referencing Compounded Daily SOFR
(A)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR for such Interest Period plus

--- Page 136 ---
A51796379 
136
or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period,
(I)
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) × (360
𝑑)
where:
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period;
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for the relevant Interest 
Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but 
which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from 
such Interest Period); and
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period;
provided that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine SOFR IndexStart or 
SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the SOFR Administrator's Website at the 
Specified Time on the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or by 
3:00 p.m. New York City time on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day or such later time falling one hour after the customary or 
scheduled time for publication of the SOFR Index value in accordance with the 
then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of SOFR Index), 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" for such Interest Period and each Interest Period 
thereafter will be determined in accordance with Condition 5.2(b)(iv)(A)(II) 
below; or
(II)
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 5.2(b)(iv)(A)(II) applies to such 
Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 5.2(b)(iv)(A)(I) above, the rate 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑
where:
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period;

--- Page 137 ---
A51796379 
137
"d0" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period;
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;
"ni", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; and
"SOFRi" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day.
(B)
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement is at any time required to be used pursuant to 
paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, will determine the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement in accordance with the definition thereof with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, and if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as 
applicable, has so determined the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, then:
(I)
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, shall also 
determine the method for determining the rate described in sub-paragraph (a) of 
paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as 
applicable (including (i) the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service on or source from which such rate appears or is obtained (the "Alternative 
Relevant Source"), (ii) the time at which such rate appears on, or is obtained from, 
the Alternative Relevant Source (the "Alternative Specified Time"), (iii) the day 
on which such rate will appear on, or is obtained from, the Alternative Relevant 
Source in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"Alternative Relevant Date"), and (iv) any alternative method for determining 
such rate if is unavailable at the Alternative Specified Time on the applicable 
Alternative Relevant Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-
accepted practices for such rate;
(II)
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified Time shall in 
these Conditions be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified Time;
(III)
if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, determine 
that (i) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Business Day Convention, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, 
Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation Period, SOFR 
Observation Shift Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day or (ii) any other technical changes to any other provision in this 
Condition 5.2(b)(iv), are necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement (including any alternative method described in sub-paragraph (iv) of 
paragraph (I) above) as the SOFR Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, 
as the case may be, decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is

--- Page 138 ---
A51796379 
138
not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, determine that no market practice for use of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determine is reasonably 
necessary), the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer 
and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Senior Noteholders 
use their reasonable endeavours to effect the necessary modifications to these 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement (including, inter alia, by 
the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and, if 
required, the Agency Agreement in a form which is acceptable to the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable) in order to 
provide for the amendment of such definitions or other provisions to reflect such 
changes; and
(IV)
the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as practicable 
to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, and to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15, 
specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as well as the details described in 
paragraph (A) above and the amendments implemented pursuant to paragraph (III) 
above. The Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof and any 
amendments implemented pursuant to paragraph (III) above shall not increase the 
obligations or duties, or decrease the rights or protections, of the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and/or the Trustee, as applicable, in these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed unless agreed in writing 
between the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable.
(C)
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(b)(iv):
"Corresponding Tenor" means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any applicable 
Business Day Convention) as the applicable tenor for the then-current SOFR Benchmark;
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, the spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that would be applied to 
such ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivative transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor;
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, the rate 
that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions that will be 
effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment;
"p" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
SOFR Observation Shift Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed

--- Page 139 ---
A51796379 
139
or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto;
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the daily 
secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or 
any successor administrator of such rate);
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the daily SOFR or the SOFR Index, as applicable);
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source;
"SOFR Benchmark" means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR 
or such other then-current SOFR Benchmark, then "SOFR Benchmark" means the 
applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement;
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order presented below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark:
(1)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or
(2)
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;
(3)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, provided that, (i) if the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determine that there is an 
industry-accepted replacement rate of interest for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time, it shall select such 
industry-accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, it shall select such rate of interest that it 
has determined is most comparable to the then-current Benchmark, and the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means, with respect to any SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark:
(1)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement;

--- Page 140 ---
A51796379 
140
(2)
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
(3)
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has 
been selected by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, to 
be applied to the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement in order 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the Senior 
Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
with such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement for the purposes of 
determining the SOFR Reference Rate, which spread adjustment shall be 
consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating 
or determining such spread adjustment, applied to such Unadjusted SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement where it has replaced the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time;
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent" means such person that has been appointed by 
the Issuer (at its own cost) to make the calculations and determinations to be made by the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent described in this Condition 5.2(b)(iv) that may be 
made by either the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or the Issuer, so long as such 
person is a leading bank or other financial institution or a person with appropriate 
expertise, in each case that is experienced in such calculations and determinations. The 
Issuer may elect, but is not required, to appoint a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent 
at any time. The Issuer will notify the Senior Noteholders of any such appointment in 
accordance with Condition 15;
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect thereto:
(1)
in the case of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; or
(2)
in the case of sub-paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein.
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same 
day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Specified 
Time for such determination;
"SOFR Benchmark Transition Event" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect thereto:
(1)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will 
cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark;

--- Page 141 ---
A51796379 
141
(2)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
SOFR Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; or
(3)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR Benchmark 
is no longer representative;
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
compounded daily SOFR rate as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at the Specified Time on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day;
"SOFR Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period);
"SOFR Observation Shift Period" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
"SOFR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day:
(1)
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day appearing 
on the SOFR Administrator's Website on or about the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; or
(2)
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (1) above, unless the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determine that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; or
(3)
if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determine that a 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark on or prior

--- Page 142 ---
A51796379 
142
to the Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or, if the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark is not SOFR, on or prior to the Specified Time on 
the Alternative Relevant Date), then (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
paragraph (3)) from (and including) the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or the 
Alternative Relevant Date, as applicable) (the "Affected Day"), the SOFR 
Reference Rate shall mean, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day appearing on, or obtained from, the Alternative Relevant 
Source at the Alternative Specified Time on the Alternative Relevant Date;
"Specified Time" means 3:00 p.m., New York City time or such other time as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;
"Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) that is not a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association or any successor organisation recommends that the fixed income departments 
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.
(D)
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 5.2(b)(iv), if the Issuer has 
appointed a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent and such SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent is unable to determine whether a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event 
has occurred or, following the occurrence of a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, has 
not selected the SOFR Benchmark Replacement as of the related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date, in accordance with this Condition 5.2(b)(iv) then, in such case, the 
Issuer shall make such determination or select the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as the 
case may be.
(E)
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, pursuant to this Condition 5.2(b)(iv), including 
any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event (including any determination that a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark), circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the

--- Page 143 ---
A51796379 
143
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero.
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period.
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest 
(the "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Senior Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to:
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes which are (a) represented by a Global Senior Note or 
(b) Registered Senior Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (x) 
the Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note or (y) such Registered Senior Notes (or, 
in each case, if they are Partly Paid Senior Notes, the aggregate amount paid up); or
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes which are Bearer Senior Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Senior Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Senior Note shall be the product of 
the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding.
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2:
(i)
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366;
(iv)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360;
(v)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 144 ---
A51796379 
144
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= [360 𝑥 (𝑌2 −𝑌1) ± [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] ± (𝐷2 −𝑌𝐷1)
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30;
(vi)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= [360 𝑥 (𝑌2 −𝑌1) ± [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] ± (𝐷2 −𝑌𝐷1)
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vii)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= [360 𝑥 (𝑌2 −𝑌1) ± [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] ± (𝐷2 −𝑌𝐷1)
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 145 ---
A51796379 
145
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
(e)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, 
for such purposes.
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate.
(f)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
(i)
Except where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "Compounded Daily SONIA" or 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Senior Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) 
and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to 
each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Senior Notes are for the time being 
listed and to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15. For the purposes of this

--- Page 146 ---
A51796379 
146
paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London.
(ii)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "Compounded Daily SONIA" or "Compounded 
Daily SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Senior Notes 
are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (1) where the applicable Final Terms specifies the 
Reference Rate as "Compounded Daily SONIA", the second London Banking Day thereafter or 
(2) where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate as "Compounded Daily 
SOFR", the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. Any such amendment or 
alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Senior Notes are for the time being listed and to the Senior Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15.
(g)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Senior Noteholders, 
Receiptholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) no liability to the 
Issuer, the Trustee the Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.
5.3
Benchmark Discontinuation
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 5.2, above (in the case of Floating Rate Senior Notes other 
than where the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily 
SOFR, in which case the provisions of this Condition 5.3 shall not apply), if the Issuer, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to that Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 
5.3 shall apply.
(a)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If there is a Successor Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior Noteholders of such Successor Rate and that 
Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.3(b) subsequently be used 
by the Principal Paying Agent in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Senior Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5.3).

--- Page 147 ---
A51796379 
147
If there is no Successor Rate but the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, determines that there is an Alternative Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior Noteholders 
of such Alternative Rate and that Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 5.3(b)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the 
relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future 
payments of interest on the Senior Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 5.3).
(b)
Adjustment Spread
If, in the case of a Successor Rate, an Adjustment Spread is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, then the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior Noteholders 
of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall apply such Adjustment Spread 
to the Successor Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate.
If, in the case of a Successor Rate where no such Adjustment Spread is formally recommended 
or provided as an option by any Relevant Nominating Body, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, 
the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it 
deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines that 
there is an Adjustment Spread in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior Noteholders 
of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall apply such Adjustment Spread 
to the Successor Rate and the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent 
determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).
If no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, or the Issuer so determines that there is no such Adjustment Spread in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets and the Issuer further 
determines, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then the Adjustment Spread shall be:
(i)
the Adjustment Spread determined by the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner and following consultation with an Independent Adviser, as being the Adjustment 
Spread recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or
(ii)
if there is no such industry standard recognised or acknowledged, such Adjustment Spread 
as the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with 
an Independent Adviser, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so 
far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Senior Noteholders as a result

--- Page 148 ---
A51796379 
148
of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
Following any such determination of the Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall promptly notify the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior Noteholders of such 
Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall apply such Adjustment Spread to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of 
a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable).
(c)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 5.3 and the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference 
to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent 
Adviser, determines in its discretion (A) that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed 
and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer and subject to the Issuer 
having given notice thereof (including notice of the information referred to in (A) and (B) above) 
to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Senior Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Senior Noteholders, use 
their reasonable endeavours to effect the necessary modifications to these Conditions, the Trust 
Deed and/or the Agency Agreement as may be required in order to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and, if required, the Agency 
Agreement in a form which is acceptable to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent) and the 
Trustee and/or the Principal Paying Agent shall not be liable to any party for any consequences 
thereof and any Benchmark Amendments shall not increase the obligations or duties, or decrease 
the rights or protections, of the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee, as applicable, in these 
Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed unless agreed in writing between 
the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee, as applicable.
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 5.3(c), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Senior Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading.
In no event shall the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent or Agent Bank be responsible for 
determining if a Benchmark Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or for making any 
adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest 
determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or 
successor benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Agent Bank will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by Issuer or 
its designee and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or its 
designee.
Any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5.3(c) shall be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of such 
Benchmark Amendments.

--- Page 149 ---
A51796379 
149
(d)
Independent Adviser
In the event the Issuer is to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with any 
determination to be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.3 or Condition 5.2(e) above, 
the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, for the purposes of any such consultation.
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.3 or Condition 5.2(e) above shall 
act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of fraud or wilful 
default) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee or the Senior Noteholders for 
any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any 
determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 5.3 or Condition 5.2(e) above or 
otherwise in connection with the Senior Notes.
If the Issuer consults with an Independent Adviser as to whether there is an Alternative Rate 
and/or any Adjustment Spread is required to be applied and/or in relation to the quantum of, or 
any formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread and/or whether any 
Benchmark Amendments are necessary and/or in relation to the terms of any such Benchmark 
Amendments, a written determination of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall be 
conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest error, and (in the absence of 
fraud or wilful default) the Issuer shall have no liability whatsoever to the Senior Noteholders in 
respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation to that matter in accordance with any 
such written determination.
No Independent Adviser appointed in connection with the Senior Notes (acting in such capacity), 
shall have any relationship of agency or trust with the Senior Noteholders.
(e)
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5.3, the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2, the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply unless and until the Issuer has 
determined the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any Adjustment 
Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with the relevant provisions of this 
Condition 5.3.
(f)
Definitions
In this Condition 5.3:
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread, or the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which spread may in either case be positive 
or negative and is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
where the Original Reference Rate is replaced with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be);
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with this Condition 5.3 is used in place of the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Senior Notes;

--- Page 150 ---
A51796379 
150
"Benchmark Event" means:
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered;
(ii)
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (B) the 
date falling six months prior to such specified date;
(iii)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued, is prohibited from being used or is no longer representative, or that its use 
is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences or, where such discontinuation, 
prohibition, loss of representativeness, restrictions or adverse consequences are to apply 
from a specified date after the making of any public statement to such effect, the later of 
the date of the making of such public statement and the date falling six months prior to 
such specified date; or
(iv)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the 
Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or the Issuer to determine any Rate of Interest and/or 
calculate any Interest Amount using the Original Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 or Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018, if applicable).
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate experience appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense;
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of the Senior Notes (provided that if, following 
one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate);
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and

--- Page 151 ---
A51796379 
151
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
5.4
Exempt Senior Notes
In the case of Exempt Senior Notes which are also Floating Rate Senior Notes where the applicable 
Pricing Supplement identifies that Screen Rate Determination applies to the calculation of interest, if the 
Reference Rate from time to time is specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement as being other than 
EURIBOR, NIBOR, Compounded Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest in 
respect of such Exempt Senior Notes will be determined as provided in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.
The rate or amount of interest payable in respect of Exempt Senior Notes which are not also Fixed Rate 
Senior Notes or Floating Rate Senior Notes shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, provided that where such Senior Notes are Index Linked Interest Senior Notes the 
provisions of Condition 5.2 shall, save to the extent amended in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
apply as if the references therein to Floating Rate Senior Notes and to the Agent were references to Index 
Linked Interest Senior Notes and the Calculation Agent, respectively, and provided further that the 
Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as 
practicable after calculating the same.
In the case of Partly Paid Senior Notes (other than Partly Paid Senior Notes which are Zero Coupon 
Senior Notes), interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid up nominal amount of such Senior Notes and 
otherwise as specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement.
5.5
Accrual of interest
Each Senior Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Senior Note, that part only of such 
Senior Note) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until 
whichever is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Senior Note have been paid; and
(b)
as provided in the Trust Deed.
6
PAYMENTS
6.1
Method of payment
Subject as provided below:
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and
(b)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code,

--- Page 152 ---
A51796379 
152
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 8) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.
6.2
Presentation of definitive Bearer Senior Notes, Receipts and Coupons
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Senior Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the 
case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Senior Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Bearer Senior Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which 
expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of 
Columbia and its possessions)).
Fixed Rate Senior Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Senior Notes (as defined 
below)) and save as provided in Condition 6.4 should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons 
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured 
Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due 
for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant 
Date (as defined in Condition 8) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five years from the date on which such 
Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.
Upon any Fixed Rate Senior Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Senior Note or Long Maturity Senior Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Senior Note" is a Fixed Rate Senior Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Senior Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is 
less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Senior Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Senior Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Senior Note.
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Senior Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Senior Note from (and including) the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Senior Note.
6.3
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Senior Notes
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Senior Notes represented by any Global Senior 
Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation 
to definitive Bearer Senior Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Senior 
Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Senior Note 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on

--- Page 153 ---
A51796379 
153
such Global Senior Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.
6.4
Specific provisions in relation to payments in respect of certain types of Exempt Senior Notes
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of definitive Bearer Senior Notes, other than the 
final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above 
only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) 
of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final instalment will 
be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the relevant Bearer Senior Note in accordance 
with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment 
together with the definitive Bearer Senior Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented without the 
definitive Bearer Senior Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations of the Issuer. 
Upon the date on which any definitive Bearer Senior Note becomes due and repayable, unmatured 
Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be 
made in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Dual Currency Senior Note or Index Linked Senior Note in definitive bearer 
form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof.
6.5
Payments in respect of Registered Senior Notes
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of each 
Registered Senior Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Senior Note at the 
specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to 
the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Senior Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Senior Notes maintained 
by the Registrar (the "Register") (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office 
of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. For these purposes, "Designated Account" 
means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be 
a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the 
Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) 
a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) and 
(in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro.
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in respect 
of each Registered Senior Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the due date 
to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Senior 
Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether 
or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date"). Payment 
of the interest due in respect of each Registered Senior Note on redemption and the final instalment of

--- Page 154 ---
A51796379 
154
principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered Senior 
Note.
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of Registered Senior Notes.
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Senior Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial 
ownership interests.
6.6
General provisions applicable to payments
The holder of a Global Senior Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, 
or to the order of, the holder of such Global Senior Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Senior Notes represented by such Global Senior Note must look solely to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by 
the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Senior Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Bearer Senior Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Senior Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if:
(a)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Bearer Senior Notes in the manner provided above when due;
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States and other applicable law without involving, 
in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.
6.7
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9) is:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits):
(i)
in the case of Senior Notes in definitive form only, the relevant place of presentation;
(ii)
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; and
(iii)
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET System is open; and

--- Page 155 ---
A51796379 
155
(b)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET System 
is open.
6.8
Interpretation of principal and interest
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Senior Notes shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable:
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 or 
under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant 
to the Trust Deed;
(b)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Senior Notes;
(c)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Senior Notes;
(d)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Senior Notes;
(e)
in relation to Exempt Senior Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and
(f)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Senior Notes.
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Senior Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 or 
under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant to the 
Trust Deed.
7
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE
7.1
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Senior Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.
7.2
Redemption for tax reasons
Subject to Condition 7.9, the Senior Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, at any time (if this Senior Note is not a Floating Rate Senior Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if this Senior Note is a Floating Rate Senior Note), on giving not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and 
the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15, the Senior Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that:
(a)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Senior Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 
8) or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of the Senior Notes; and

--- Page 156 ---
A51796379 
156
(b)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Senior Notes then due.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Trustee to make available at its specified office to the Senior Noteholders (i) a certificate signed 
by two Directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have 
occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment and the Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the 
satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding 
on the Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders.
Senior Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption 
Amount referred to in Condition 7.9 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption.
7.3
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may at its sole 
discretion, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of 
the Senior Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount 
not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, 
in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.
In the case of a partial redemption of Senior Notes, the Senior Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Senior 
Notes") will (i) in the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by definitive Senior Notes, be selected 
individually by lot, not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of 
Redeemed Senior Notes represented by a Global Senior Note, be selected in accordance with the rules 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). 
In the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by definitive Senior Notes, a list of the serial numbers 
of such Redeemed Senior Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption.
7.4
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Make-whole)
If Make-Whole Redemption is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may at its sole discretion, having given not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Senior 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable, subject as provided 
below, and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (the "Make-whole Redemption Date")), redeem 
all or (if redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms) some only of 
the Senior Notes then outstanding on any Make-whole Redemption Date and at the Make-whole 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Make-
whole Redemption Date. If redemption in part is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final

--- Page 157 ---
A51796379 
157
Terms, any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption 
Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount in each case as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.
In the case of a partial redemption of Senior Notes, the Redeemed Senior Notes will be selected 
individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by definitive Senior Notes, and 
in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at 
their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Senior Notes represented by a Global Senior Note, on a 
Selection Date not more than 30 days prior to the Make-whole Redemption Date. In the case of 
Redeemed Senior Notes represented by definitive Senior Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Senior Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 15 not less than 15 days prior 
to the Make-whole Redemption Date. No exchange of the relevant Global Senior Note will be permitted 
during the period from (and including) the Selection Date to (and including) the Make-whole 
Redemption Date pursuant to this Condition 7.4 and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to 
the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 at least five days prior to the Selection Date.
In this Condition 7.4, "Make-whole Redemption Amount" means:
(A) the outstanding principal amount of the relevant Senior Note or (B) if higher, the sum, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest on the Senior Notes to be redeemed (not including any portion of such payments of interest 
accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the Make-whole Redemption Date on an annual basis 
(calculated on the basis of the applicable Day Count Fraction in respect of the calculation of an amount 
of interest in accordance with Condition 5.1 or Condition 5.2, as the case may be) at the Reference Rate 
plus the Make-whole Redemption Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, where:
"CA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities (which, if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Calculation Agent as having a maturity 
comparable to the remaining term of the Senior Notes to be redeemed that would be utilised, at the time 
of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt 
securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of such Senior Notes;
"Calculation Agent" means a leading investment, merchant or commercial bank or other independent 
institution with appropriate expertise appointed by the relevant Issuer for the purposes of calculating the 
Make-whole Redemption Amount, and notified to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
15;
"Make-whole Mid-Swap Rate Quotations" means the bid and offered rates for the semi-annual or 
annual, as applicable, fixed leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in 
the Specified Currency), of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency 
with a term equal to the remaining term of the Senior Notes or the applicable swap rates for the next 
shorter and next longer periods of time where the Reference Swap Rate is to be calculated by reference 
to linear interpolation commencing in each case on the Make-whole Redemption Date and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the 
floating leg (in each case calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency), is equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the Senior Notes 
if (a) Screen Rate Determination was specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, (b) the Reference Rate was the Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) 
the Make-whole Relevant Screen Page was the Floating Leg Screen Page or, if not so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or the Floating Leg Reference Rate is not so available on such Make-whole

--- Page 158 ---
A51796379 
158
Relevant Screen Page, where such floating leg is equivalent to the rate, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent) acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate, customarily used for 
setting rates comparable to the applicable rates for the fixed leg of such a fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap transaction;
"Make-whole Reference Bank Rate" means, in relation to the Make-whole Redemption Date, the 
percentage determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the applicable Make-whole Mid-Swap 
Rate Quotations provided by the Reference Banks at approximately 11.00 in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on the Reference Rate Determination Date. The Calculation Agent will 
request the principal office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of its rate(s). If at least 
three quotations are provided, the applicable rate for the Make-whole Redemption Date will be the 
arithmetic mean of the quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of 
the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). If only two 
quotations are provided, it will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations provided. If only one quotation 
is provided, it will be the quotation provided. If no quotations are provided, the Calculation Agent (or 
failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation Agent), acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines 
appropriate;
"Reference Bond" means (A) if CA Selected Bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant CA Selected Bond or (B) if CA Selected Bond is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the security specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if the Calculation Agent advises the 
Issuer that, for reasons of illiquidity or otherwise, the relevant security specified is not appropriate for 
such purpose, such other central bank or government security as the Calculation Agent may, with the 
advice of Reference Market Makers, determine to be appropriate;
"Reference Bond Price" means the price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its 
principal amount) specified in the applicable Final Terms appearing on the Relevant Make-whole Screen 
Page at the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time or, if no such Relevant Make-whole Screen Page 
is specified or such price does not appear on the Relevant Make-whole Screen Page at the Relevant 
Make-whole Determination Time, such price as is published in such other Make-whole Reference 
Source specified in the applicable Final Terms at or around the Relevant Make-whole Determination 
Time or, if no such Make-whole Reference Source is specified or such price is not so published (i) the 
average of five Reference Market Maker Quotations for the relevant Make-whole Redemption Date, 
after excluding the highest and lowest Reference Market Maker Quotations, (ii) if the Calculation Agent 
obtains fewer than five, but more than one, such Reference Market Maker Quotations, the average of all 
such quotations, or (iii) if only one such Reference Market Maker Quotation is obtained, the amount of 
the Reference Market Maker Quotation so obtained;
"Reference Market Maker Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference Market Maker and any 
Make-whole Redemption Date, the average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of the bid and 
asked prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its principal amount) 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms 
on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms;
"Reference Market Makers" means five brokers or market makers of securities such as the Reference 
Bond selected by the Calculation Agent or such other five persons operating in the market for securities 
such as the Reference Bond as are selected by the Calculation Agent in consultation with the Issuer;

--- Page 159 ---
A51796379 
159
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any Make-whole Redemption Date, the rate per annum 
equal to the equivalent yield to maturity of the Reference Bond appearing on the Relevant Make-whole 
Screen Page at the Relevant Make-whole Determination Time, or, if no such Relevant Make-whole 
Screen Page is specified or such yield does not appear on the Relevant Make-whole Screen Page at the 
Relevant Make-whole Determination Time, such yield as is published in such other Make-whole 
Reference Source specified in the applicable Final Terms at or around the Relevant Make-whole 
Determination Time or, if no such Make-whole Reference Source is specified or such yield is not so 
published, calculated using a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its principal 
amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such Make-whole Redemption Date. The Reference Bond 
Rate will be calculated on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;
"Reference Rate" means either the Reference Bond Rate or the Reference Swap Rate as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;
"Reference Swap Rate" means the rate per annum equal to the yield to maturity that would result from 
a calculation of such yield based on the rate, expressed as a percentage, for the Make-whole Redemption 
Date of, in the case of semi-annual or annual Interest Payment Dates, the semi-annual or annual swap 
rate, respectively for swap transactions in the Specified Currency maturing on the Maturity Date or if, 
in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Senior Notes an interpolated rate would be utilised, 
the rate calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to the two 
semi-annual or annual swap rates, as applicable, one of which shall be the applicable swap rate for the 
period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the remaining term of the 
Senior Notes and the other of which shall be the applicable swap rate for the period of time for which 
rates are available next longer than the length of the remaining term of the Senior Notes provided 
however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may be, next 
longer, then the Calculation Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the Calculation 
Agent), acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate, which rate in each case appears on 
the Relevant Make-whole Screen Page as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre 
of the Specified Currency on the Reference Rate Determination Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If such rate does not appear on the Relevant Make-whole Screen Page, the Reference Swap Rate 
for the Make-whole Redemption Date will be the Make-whole Reference Bank Rate for the remaining 
term of the Senior Notes or the next shorter and next longer such rates as applicable;
"Relevant Make-whole Screen Page" means the display page on the relevant service as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such other 
equivalent information service as determined by the Calculation Agent, for the purpose of displaying 
equivalent or comparable rates to the (A) yield to maturity or specified price of the Reference Bond or 
(B) relevant swap rates for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to 
the Maturity Date, as the case may be, or, in the case of (B), the next shorter and next longer such rates 
as applicable;
"Reference Banks" means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market for swap transactions in 
the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the remaining term of the Senior Notes or the next 
shorter and next longer such rates as applicable, as selected by the Calculation Agent in consultation 
with the Issuer; and
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time.

--- Page 160 ---
A51796379 
160
7.5
Redemption at the option of the Senior Noteholders (Investor Put) (other than a Change of 
Control Put or a Merger Put)
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Senior Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15 not less than the minimum period nor 
more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, upon 
the expiry of such notice, redeem such Senior Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date.
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Senior Note the holder of this Senior Note must, if 
this Senior Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Senior Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as 
the case may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank 
account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.5 and, in the case of Registered Senior 
Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the 
Registered Senior Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Senior 
Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Senior Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance 
with the provisions of Condition 2.2. If this Senior Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must 
be accompanied by this Senior Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this 
Senior Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control.
If this Senior Note is represented by a Global Senior Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Senior Note 
the holder of this Senior Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(which may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time 
to time.
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Senior Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the 
Trustee has declared the Senior Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10, in which event 
such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this 
Condition 7.5.
7.6
Merger Put
If (a) Merger Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) at any time while 
this Senior Note remains outstanding, a Merger occurs (a "Merger Put Event"), the holder of each 
Senior Note will have the option (the "Merger Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving of the Merger 
Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to redeem the Senior Notes 
under Condition 7.2) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, to purchase or procure the 
purchase of this Senior Note on the Merger Redemption Date (as defined below), at the Merger 
Redemption Amount together with (or, where purchased, together with an amount equal to) accrued 
interest (if applicable) to (but excluding) the Merger Redemption Date.

--- Page 161 ---
A51796379 
161
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Merger Put Event has occurred, the Issuer shall, and 
upon the Trustee becoming so aware (the Issuer having failed to do so) the Trustee may, give notice (a 
"Merger Put Event Notice") to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 specifying the 
nature of the Merger Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the 
Merger Put Option.
To exercise the Merger Put Option:
(a)
if this Senior Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
the holder of this Senior Note must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) at any time 
during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling 
within the period (the "Merger Put Period") of 30 days after that on which the Merger Put Event 
Notice is given, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar (a "Merger Put Exercise Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Senior Notes, 
the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the 
Registered Senior Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered 
Senior Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Senior Notes is to be sent subject to and 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2. If this Senior Note is in definitive bearer 
form, the Merger Put Exercise Notice must be accompanied by this Senior Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Senior Note will, following delivery of the 
Merger Put Exercise Notice, be held to its order or under its control, and all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons (if any) relating thereto shall be dealt with as per the provisions of Condition 6.2; and
(b)
if this Senior Note is represented by a Global Senior Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the holder of this Senior Note must, within the Merger 
Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being 
given on such holder's instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, 
from time to time.
The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Senior Notes in respect 
of which the Merger Put Option has been validly exercised on the Merger Redemption Date.
Any Merger Put Exercise Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of any Senior Note pursuant to 
this Condition 7.6 shall be irrevocable except (i) with the prior consent of the Issuer or (ii) where, prior 
to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has accelerated the 
Senior Notes, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the 
Merger Put Exercise Notice or such other notice and instead to treat its Senior Notes as being forthwith 
due and payable pursuant to Condition 10.
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Merger Put Event or Merger or any event which 
could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Merger Put Event or Merger has occurred and, until 
it shall have actual knowledge or notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may 
assume that no Merger Put Event or Merger or other such event has occurred.

--- Page 162 ---
A51796379 
162
For the purposes of this Condition 7.6:
(a)
A "Merger" means an operation under the laws of Luxembourg and/or other applicable law 
whereby the Issuer is acquired by another existing company (the absorbing company) or by a 
new company and the Issuer is, as a result of the merger, dissolved without going into liquidation 
(and includes, for the avoidance of doubt, a domestic Luxembourg merger and a cross-border 
merger);
(b)
"Merger Period" means the period (i) commencing on the date of the first public announcement 
of the relevant Merger, and (ii) ending on the date which is 90 days after the date on which the 
relevant Merger occurs; and
(c)
"Merger Redemption Date" means the tenth day after the date of expiry of the Merger Put 
Period.
7.7
Change of Control Put
If (a) Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and (b) at any 
time while this Senior Note remains outstanding, a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of 
each Senior Note will have the option (the "Change of Control Put Option") (unless, prior to the giving 
of the Change of Control Put Event Notice (as defined below), the Issuer gives notice of its intention to 
redeem the Senior Notes under Condition 7.2) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, 
to purchase or procure the purchase of this Senior Note on the Change of Control Redemption Date (as 
defined below), at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together with (or, where purchased, 
together with an amount equal to) accrued interest (if applicable) to (but excluding) the Change of 
Control Redemption Date.
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the Issuer 
shall, and upon the Trustee becoming so aware (the Issuer having failed to do so) the Trustee may, give 
notice (a "Change of Control Put Event Notice") to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15 specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event, the circumstances giving rise to 
it and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option.
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option:
(a)
if this Senior Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
the holder of this Senior Note must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) at any time 
during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar falling 
within the period (the "Change of Control Put Period") of 30 days after that on which the 
Change of Control Put Event Notice is given, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in 
the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent 
or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Change of Control Put Exercise Notice") and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition and, 
in the case of Registered Senior Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less 
than the full nominal amount of the Registered Senior Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, 
an address to which a new Registered Senior Note in respect of the balance of such Registered 
Senior Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2. If 
this Senior Note is in definitive bearer form, the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice must be 
accompanied by this Senior Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this 
Senior Note will, following delivery of the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, be held to its

--- Page 163 ---
A51796379 
163
order or under its control, and all unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto shall 
be dealt with as per the provisions of Condition 6.2; and
(b)
if this Senior Note is represented by a Global Senior Note or is in definitive form and held through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, the holder of this Senior Note must, within the Change 
of Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in accordance 
with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include 
notice being given on such holder's instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, from time to time.
The Issuer shall redeem or, at its option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) the Senior Notes in respect 
of which the Change of Control Put Option has been validly exercised on the Change of Control 
Redemption Date.
Any Change of Control Put Exercise Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, given by a holder of any Senior 
Note pursuant to this Condition 7.7 shall be irrevocable except (i) with the prior consent of the Issuer or 
(ii) where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and the Trustee has 
accelerated the Senior Notes, in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer 
to withdraw the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice or such other notice and instead to treat its Senior 
Notes as being forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10.
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put Event or Change of 
Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of or could constitute a Change of Control Put 
Event or Change of Control has occurred and, until it shall have actual knowledge or notice pursuant to 
the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change of Control Put Event or Change 
of Control or other such event has occurred.
For the purposes of this Condition 7.7:
(a)
A "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have occurred when a person or persons (in each 
case, other than Edolaxia Group Limited and/or persons that are, directly or indirectly, Controlled 
by it, individually or jointly) acting in concert or any person or persons acting on behalf of any 
such person(s) (the "Relevant Person(s)") directly or indirectly acquire Control of the Issuer;
(b)
A "Change of Control Put Event" shall be deemed to have occurred when a Change of Control 
occurs and, immediately prior to the commencement of the Change of Control Period, the Issuer 
carries (with the agreement of the Issuer) from any Rating Agency: (x) an investment grade credit 
rating (Baa3 by Moody's, BBB- by S&P, BBB- by Fitch, or equivalent, or better), and such rating 
from any Rating Agency is, within the Change of Control Period, either downgraded to a non-
investment grade credit rating (Ba1 by Moody's, BB+ by S&P, BB+ by Fitch or equivalent, or 
worse) or withdrawn and is not within such Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case 
of a downgrade) upgraded to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency or (in the 
case of withdrawal) replaced by an investment grade credit rating from any other Rating Agency; 
or (y) a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1 by Moody's, BB+ by S&P, BB+ by Fitch or 
equivalent, or worse), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within such Change of Control 
Period downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) and is 
not within such Change of Control Period subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating or 
better by such Rating Agency, provided that if, immediately prior to the commencement of the 
Change of Control Period, the Issuer carries (with the agreement of the Issuer) a rating from more

--- Page 164 ---
A51796379 
164
than one Rating Agency, at least one of which is investment grade, then subparagraph (x) will 
apply; and in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole 
or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control. If the rating designations employed by 
any Rating Agency are changed from those which are described in this Condition, the Issuer shall 
determine the rating designations of the Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to 
the prior rating designations of the Rating Agency and this Condition shall be read accordingly;
(c)
"Change of Control Period" means the period (i) commencing on the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control, and (ii) ending on the date which is 120 days 
after the date on which the relevant Change of Control occurs;
(d)
"Change of Control Redemption Date" means the tenth day after the date of expiry of the 
Change of Control Put Period;
(e)
"Control" means: (i) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights of 
the Issuer; or (ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the 
Issuer's board of directors or other governing body of the Issuer, in each case, whether obtained 
directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by the ownership of Share Capital, the possession of 
Voting Rights, by contract, trust or otherwise, and "Controlled" shall be construed accordingly; 
and
(f)
"Rating Agency" means any of the following rating agencies: S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P") or Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's") or any of their respective 
successors or any other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to 
time by the Issuer.
7.8
Clean Up Call
If 80 per cent. or more of the originally issued aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes (including 
any further issues pursuant to Condition 18) have been redeemed pursuant to Conditions 7.5, 7.6 and/or 
7.7 or purchased, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 days' notice to the Senior Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15, redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) 
all but not some only of, the Senior Notes then outstanding at their principal amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. The notice referred to in the preceding 
sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption (which, if this Senior Note 
is not a Floating Rate Senior Note, shall not be more than 60 days after the date of the notice and, if this 
Senior Note is a Floating Rate Senior Note, shall be the first Interest Payment Date which occurs after 
the date which falls 30 days after the date of the notice).
7.9
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10:
(a)
each Senior Note (other than a Zero Coupon Senior Note) will be redeemed at its Early 
Redemption Amount; and
(b)
each Zero Coupon Senior Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula:
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y
where:
"RP"
means the Reference Price;

--- Page 165 ---
A51796379 
165
"AY"
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and
"y"
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 30/360 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 
360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Senior Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which such Senior Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior 
Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon 
which such Senior Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) 
Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and 
including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Senior Notes to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Senior Note becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator will be 365).
7.10
Specific redemption provisions applicable to certain types of Exempt Senior Notes
The Final Redemption Amount, any Optional Redemption Amount and the Early Redemption Amount 
in respect of Index Linked Redemption Senior Notes and Dual Currency Redemption Senior Notes may 
be specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Pricing Supplement. For the 
purposes of Condition 7.2, Index Linked Interest Senior Notes and Dual Currency Interest Senior Notes 
may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date.
Instalment Senior Notes will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. In the case of early redemption, the Early Redemption 
Amount of Instalment Senior Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Pricing 
Supplement.
Partly Paid Senior Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 7.10 and the applicable Pricing Supplement.
7.11
Purchases
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Senior Notes (provided that, in the 
case of definitive Bearer Senior Notes, all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto 
are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Senior Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for 
cancellation.
7.12
Cancellation
All Senior Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Senior 
Notes so cancelled and any Senior Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.11 above 
(together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to 
the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.
7.13
Late payment on Zero Coupon Senior Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Senior Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Senior Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7 above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10 is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable 
in respect of such Zero Coupon Senior Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition

--- Page 166 ---
A51796379 
166
7.9(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Senior Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which 
is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Senior Note have been paid; 
and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Senior Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar or the 
Trustee and notice to that effect has been given to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 15.
8
TAXATION
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Senior Notes, Receipts and Coupons by or on behalf of 
the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary 
in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Senior Notes, Receipts or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise 
have been receivable in respect of the Senior Notes, Receipts or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon:
(a)
presented for payment in Luxembourg; or
(b)
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon 
by reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of 
such Senior Note, Receipt or Coupon; or
(c)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for 
payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 
6.7).
As used herein:
(i)
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; and
(ii)
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full 
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Senior 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15.
9
PRESCRIPTION
The Senior Notes (whether in bearer or registered form), Receipts and Coupons will become void unless claims 
in respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five 
years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8) therefor.

--- Page 167 ---
A51796379 
167
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 6.2 or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2.
10
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT
10.1
Events of Default
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 51 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Senior Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), 
(but in the case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs (b), (d), (e), (i) and (j) 
inclusive below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer that such event is, in its 
opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Senior Noteholders), give notice in writing to the 
Issuer that each Senior Note is, and each Senior Note shall thereupon immediately become, due and 
repayable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed 
if any of the following events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur and be continuing:
(a)
default is made in the payment of any principal or any interest when due in respect of the Senior 
Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 30 days;
(b)
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other obligations under the 
Conditions or the Trust Deed and such default is incapable of remedy or, if (in the opinion of the 
Trustee) capable of remedy, is not (in the opinion of the Trustee) remedied within 90 days after 
the Issuer shall have received from the Trustee written notice of such default;
(c)
if: (i) any Indebtedness of the Issuer becomes due and repayable prematurely by reason of an 
event of default (however described); (ii) the Issuer fails to make any payment in respect of any 
Indebtedness on the due date for payment as extended by any originally applicable grace period; 
(iii) any security given by the Issuer for any Indebtedness is enforced; or (iv) default is made by 
the Issuer in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in 
relation to any Indebtedness of any other person;
(d)
if: (i) a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or 
against all or any substantial part of the assets of the Issuer and is not discharged or stayed within 
120 consecutive days or such longer period as may be permitted by the Trustee in its sole 
discretion; or (ii) any step is taken by any person with a view to the seizure, compulsory 
acquisition, expropriation or nationalisation of all or a material part of the assets of the Issuer;
(e)
any step is taken to enforce any Security Interest, present or future, created or assumed by the 
Issuer (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, administrative 
receiver, administrator manager, judicial manager or other similar person) and such step is not 
stayed within 120 consecutive days;
(f)
bankruptcy (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation (liquidation volontaire ou 
judiciaire), reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), controlled management (gestion 
contrôlée), general settlement or composition with creditors (concordat préventif de la faillite), 
examinership, reorganisation or similar Luxembourg or foreign laws proceedings affecting the 
rights of creditors generally are opened against the Issuer and remain unstayed in effect for a 
period of 120 consecutive days and/or any receiver (curateur), liquidator (liquidateur), auditor 
(commissaire), verifier (expert-vérificateur) juge délégué or juge commissaire is appointed in 
respect of the Issuer and is not discharged within 120 days of such appointment;

--- Page 168 ---
A51796379 
168
(g)
the Issuer admits its inability to pay its debts as they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts 
pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law;
(h)
an order is made or a resolution is passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, or the 
Issuer has passed a special resolution to have itself wound up or has made an announcement or 
issued a notice to that effect, or the Issuer ceases or publicly announces an intention to cease to 
carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except in any such case: (i) as a result 
of a Permitted Cessation of Business; or (ii) for the purpose of and followed by a solvent 
reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation; or (iii) in the case of a 
Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise 
vested in the Issuer or another Subsidiary (as the case may be);
(i)
a final judgment or judgments for the payment of money are rendered against the Issuer and 
which judgments are not, within 120 days after entry thereof, bonded, discharged or stayed 
pending appeal, or are not discharged within 90 days after the expiration of such stay; or
(j)
any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous effect to any 
of the events referred to in any of the foregoing paragraphs,
provided that, in the case of paragraphs (c) to (j) above (to the extent that paragraph (f) relates to a 
reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement) or a general settlement or composition with creditors 
(concordat préventif de la faillite)), no such event shall constitute an Event of Default unless the amount 
of the relevant default, either alone or when aggregated with other amounts of default relative to all (if 
any) other such events referred to in such paragraphs which shall have occurred (such amounts, in each 
case, if not in euro, converted into euro at the Prevailing Rate on the date of the occurrence of the relevant 
Event of Default), shall be equal to, or more than 10 per cent. of the Portfolio Value.
For the avoidance of doubt, the right to declare the Senior Notes due and repayable in accordance with 
this Condition 10 shall terminate if the event giving rise to the right ceases to fulfil the requirements of 
this Condition before the right is exercised.
10.2
Enforcement
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against the Issuer 
as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, the Receipts and the 
Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in relation to the 
Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons unless (a) it shall have been so directed by 
an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least 51 per cent. in nominal 
amount of the Senior Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to its satisfaction.
No Senior Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, (i) fails to do so within 60 days, or (ii) is 
unable for any reason so to do, and the failure or inability shall be continuing.
11
COVENANTS
11.1
Indebtedness/Assets
The Issuer undertakes that it will not, and will procure that none of its Subsidiaries will, up to (and 
including) the Final Discharge Date, incur any Indebtedness (other than any Refinancing Indebtedness) 
if, immediately after giving effect to the incurrence of such additional Indebtedness and the application 
of the net proceeds of such incurrence, the sum of:

--- Page 169 ---
A51796379 
169
(a)
(i) the Consolidated Indebtedness (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) as at the Last Reporting Date; 
and (ii) the Net Indebtedness (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) incurred since the Last Reporting 
Date would exceed 60 per cent. of the sum of (without duplication): (i) the Total Assets (less Cash 
and Cash Equivalents) as at the Last Reporting Date; (ii) the value of all assets acquired or 
contracted for acquisition by the Group, as determined at the relevant time in accordance with 
IFRS and the accounting principles applied by the Issuer in the latest Financial Statements as 
certified by the auditors of the Issuer, since the Last Reporting Date; and (iii) the proceeds of any 
Indebtedness incurred since the Last Reporting Date (but only to the extent that such proceeds 
were not used to acquire Real Estate Property or to reduce Indebtedness); and
(b)
(i) the Consolidated Secured Indebtedness (excluding the Secured Senior Notes (if any) and less 
Cash and Cash Equivalents) as at the Last Reporting Date; and (ii) the Net Secured Indebtedness 
(excluding the Secured Senior Notes (if any) and less Cash and Cash Equivalents) incurred since 
the Last Reporting Date would exceed 45 per cent. of the sum of (without duplication): (i) the 
Total Assets (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) as at the Last Reporting Date; (ii) the value of all 
assets acquired or contracted for acquisition by the Group, as determined at the relevant time in 
accordance with IFRS and the accounting principles applied by the Issuer in the latest Financial 
Statements as certified by the auditors of the Issuer, since the Last Reporting Date; and (iii) the 
proceeds of any Indebtedness incurred since the Last Reporting Date (but only to the extent that 
such proceeds were not used to acquire Real Estate Property or to reduce Indebtedness).
11.2
Unencumbered Assets/Unsecured Indebtedness
The Issuer undertakes that the sum of: (i) the Unencumbered Assets (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) 
as at the Last Reporting Date; and (ii) the Net Unencumbered Assets (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) 
newly recorded since the Last Reporting Date will at no time be less than 125 per cent. of the sum of: 
(i) the Unsecured Indebtedness (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) at the Last Reporting Date; and (ii) the 
Net Unsecured Indebtedness (less Cash and Cash Equivalents) incurred since the Last Reporting Date.
11.3
Restriction on Ceasing Business
The Issuer will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary (excluding any Listed Entity) (the "Restricted 
Subsidiaries") to cease to, or formally announce its intention to cease to, carry on its real estate business, 
except (i) as a result of a Permitted Cessation of Business; or (ii) for the purpose of and followed by a 
solvent reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation; or (iii) in the case of a 
Subsidiary, whereby the undertaking and assets of the Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested 
in the Issuer or another Subsidiary (as the case may be).
11.4
Consolidated Coverage Ratio
Up to and including the Final Discharge Date, the Issuer undertakes that, on each Reporting Date, the 
Consolidated Coverage Ratio will be at least 1.8.
11.5
Publication of Financial Statements
Up to and including the Final Discharge Date, the Issuer shall post on its website:
(a)
within 120 days after the end of each of the Issuer's fiscal years, annual reports containing the 
following information:
(i)
audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS; and
(ii)
the audit report of the independent auditors on the consolidated financial statements; and

--- Page 170 ---
A51796379 
170
(b)
within 75 days after the end of the first six months in each fiscal year of the Issuer, consolidated 
interim financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS.
11.6
Certificate to the Trustee
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed to deliver to the Trustee on an annual basis a certificate 
signed by two directors of the Issuer as to there not having occurred an Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) since the date of the last such certificate or if such event 
has occurred as to the details of such event. The Trustee will be entitled to rely without liability on such 
certificate and shall not be obliged independently to monitor whether an Event of Default or Potential 
Event of Default has occurred or monitor compliance by the Issuer with the undertakings set forth in this 
Condition 11, nor be liable to any person for not so doing.
Any certificate addressed to the Trustee by two directors of the Issuer as to the amounts of any defined 
term or figure in Conditions 11.1, 11.2, 11.4 and 11.5 may, in the absence of manifest error, be relied 
upon by the Trustee (without liability to any person for so relying) and, if so relied upon, shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer and the Senior Noteholders.
11.7
Newco Scheme
In the event of a Newco Scheme, the Issuer undertakes to take (or shall procure that there is taken) all 
necessary action to ensure that (to the satisfaction of the Trustee) immediately after completion of the 
Newco Scheme:
(a)
at its option either Newco is substituted under the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed as principal 
obligor in place of the Issuer (with the Issuer providing a guarantee), subject to and as provided 
in the Trust Deed, or Newco becomes a guarantor under the Senior Notes and the Trust Deed and 
such amendments are made to these Conditions and the Trust Deed as are necessary, in the 
opinion of the Trustee to give effect to such changes (and the Trustee shall (at the expense of the 
Issuer) be obliged to concur in effecting such substitution or grant of such guarantee and in either 
case making any such amendments, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged so to concur if 
in the opinion of the Trustee doing so would impose new or more onerous duties or obligations 
upon it or expose it to further liabilities or reduce its protections); and
(b)
the Trust Deed and the Conditions (including, without limitation, the Events of Default (in 
Condition 10)) provide at least the same protections and benefits to the Trustee and the Senior 
Noteholders following the implementation of such Newco Scheme as they provided to the Trustee 
and the Senior Noteholders prior to the implementation of the Newco Scheme, mutatis mutandis.
12
REPLACEMENT OF SENIOR NOTES, RECEIPTS, COUPONS AND TALONS
Should any Senior Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes, Receipts or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs 
and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as 
the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Senior Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued.
13
AGENTS
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any 
Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 171 ---
A51796379 
171
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the appointment of 
any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
which any Agent acts, provided that:
(a)
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;
(b)
so long as the Senior Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other relevant 
authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) and a Transfer 
Agent (in the case of Registered Senior Notes) with a specified office in such place as may be required 
by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and
(c)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in 
which the Issuer is incorporated.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 6.6. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in 
Paying Agents will be given to the Senior Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 15.
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain circumstances 
specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, 
any Senior Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting 
any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers 
all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent.
14
EXCHANGE OF TALONS
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons 
to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Senior Note to which it 
appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9.
15
NOTICES
All notices regarding the Bearer Senior Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such publication in 
a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Bearer Senior Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. Any such 
notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as 
provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have been 
given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve.
All notices regarding the Registered Senior Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their 
respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after 
mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Senior Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules.

--- Page 172 ---
A51796379 
172
Until such time as any definitive Senior Notes are issued, and for so long as any Global Senior Notes 
representing the Senior Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
in lieu of such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing, the delivery of the relevant notice to 
Noteholders may be arranged through the systems of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the holders of the Senior Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Senior Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the holders of the Senior Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Notices to be given by any Senior Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Senior Note in definitive form) with the relative Senior Note or Senior Notes, with the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Senior Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Senior Notes). 
Whilst any of the Senior Notes are represented by a Global Senior Note, such notice may be given by any holder 
of a Senior Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.
16
MEETINGS 
OF 
SENIOR 
NOTEHOLDERS, 
MODIFICATION, 
WAIVER 
AND 
SUBSTITUTION
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call or by use of 
a videoconference platform) of the Senior Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including 
the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Senior Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons 
or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the Trustee and 
shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Senior Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. 
in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such 
meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 
50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting 
one or more persons being or representing Senior Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Senior Notes 
so held or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Senior Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of 
maturity of the Senior Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Senior Notes or altering the currency of payment of the 
Senior Notes, the Receipts or the Coupons), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-quarter in nominal 
amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed 
at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than 
three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Senior Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) 
consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to 
the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Senior Notes 
for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Senior 
Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Senior Noteholders will be binding on all the Senior 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, 
and on all Receiptholders and Couponholders.

--- Page 173 ---
A51796379 
173
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders, to 
any modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions 
of the Senior Notes or the Trust Deed, or determine, without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of 
Default or potential Event of Default shall not be treated as such, where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion 
of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Senior Noteholders so to do or may agree, without 
any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct 
a manifest error or an error which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is proven. Any such modification shall be 
binding on the Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and any such modification shall 
be notified to the Senior Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as practicable thereafter.
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to agree to such modifications to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement 
and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to Conditions 5.3(c) and 5.2(b)(iv) in connection 
with effecting any (i) Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or (ii) changes to the 
definitions of Business Day, Business Day Convention, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation Period, SOFR Reference Rate 
or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, or, in each case, any related changes referred to in Conditions 
5.3(c) and 5.2(b)(iv), respectively, without the requirement for the consent or sanction of the Senior Noteholders 
or Couponholders.
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, without 
limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee shall have regard to the general 
interests of the Senior Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders whatever their 
number) and, in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise 
for individual Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from 
their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction 
of, any particular territory or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, 
nor shall any Senior Noteholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the 
Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such 
exercise upon individual Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders except to the extent already 
provided for in Condition 8 and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, 
Condition 8 pursuant to the Trust Deed.
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Senior Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the substitution in 
place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under the Senior 
Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being (a) a HoldCo; (b) a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer; or (c) any Successor in Business, in each case, subject to (i) (except in the case of a Successor in 
Business) the Senior Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer, (ii) the Trustee 
being satisfied that the interests of the Senior Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution 
and (iii) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with. Any such substitution shall be 
binding on the Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders.
In connection with a Newco Scheme, at the request of the Issuer, the Trustee shall, without the requirement for 
any consent or approval of the Senior Noteholders, concur in the substitution of Newco in place of the Issuer 
(or any previous substituted company) as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Senior Notes, pursuant 
to and subject to the provisions set out in Condition 11.7.
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies Law shall not apply.

--- Page 174 ---
A51796379 
174
17
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility, 
including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction.
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to enter into 
business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any 
other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise 
and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such 
transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, 
the Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any 
profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.
18
FURTHER ISSUES
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders 
or the Couponholders to create and issue further Senior Notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Senior Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon 
and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Senior Notes.
19
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Senior Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act.
20
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION
20.1
Governing law
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Senior Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the 
Senior Notes, the Receipts and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English 
law.
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies Law shall not apply.
20.2
Submission to jurisdiction
(a)
Subject to Condition 20.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, the Receipts and/or 
the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Senior Notes, the 
Receipts and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute") and accordingly each of the Issuer and the Trustee 
and any Senior Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits 
to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
(b)
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts on 
the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.

--- Page 175 ---
A51796379 
175
(c)
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Senior Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court 
with jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
20.3
Appointment of Process Agent
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Law Debenture 
Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately 
appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect 
of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not 
invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted 
by law.
20.4
Other documents
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.
21
DEFINITIONS
For the purposes of the Conditions:
"Cash" means cash in hand;
"Cash Equivalents" means short-term, liquid investments and traded securities;
"Companies Law" means the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, as amended;
"Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA" means the number set out under the heading "EBITDA (adjusted)" in the 
Financial Statements;
"Consolidated Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of (A) the aggregate amount of Consolidated Adjusted 
EBITDA in the Relevant Period to (B) the aggregate amount of Net Cash Interest in the Relevant Period;
"Consolidated Indebtedness" means Indebtedness of the Group, as set out in the Financial Statements;
"Consolidated Secured Indebtedness" means that portion of the Consolidated Indebtedness that is secured by 
any Security Interest, as set out in the Financial Statements;
"Equity Share Capital" means, in relation to any entity, its issued share capital excluding any part of that 
capital which, in respect of dividends and capital, does not carry any right to participate beyond a specific 
amount in a distribution;
"Existing Shareholders" means the holders of ordinary shares in the Issuer immediately prior to the Scheme 
of Arrangement;
"Group" means the Issuer, each Related Company and each Subsidiary taken as a whole and "member of the 
Group" shall be construed accordingly;
"Final Discharge Date" means the date on which all present and future obligations and liabilities (whether 
actual or contingent) of the Issuer to the Trustee and the Senior Noteholders under or in respect of the Senior 
Notes and the Trust Deed have been discharged;
"Financial Statements" means the annual audited consolidated financial statements (including the 
management report) of the Issuer or the consolidated interim financial statements (including the management

--- Page 176 ---
A51796379 
176
report) of the Issuer, in each case as published by the Issuer as at the Last Reporting Date and prepared in 
accordance with IFRS;
"HoldCo" means any corporation, partnership, company or other enterprise which directly or indirectly holds 
in the aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the Share Capital or the Voting Rights in the Issuer;
"IFRS" means the International Financing Reporting Standards;
"Indebtedness" means (without duplication) any indebtedness (whether being principal, interest or other 
amounts but excluding any indebtedness owed to another member of the Group) for or in respect of: (a) money 
borrowed; (b) liabilities under or in respect of any acceptance or acceptance credit; or (c) any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities (to the extent not Share Capital) offered, issued or 
distributed whether by way of public offer, private placing, acquisition consideration or otherwise and whether 
issued for cash or in whole or in part for a consideration other than cash, in each case to the extent such 
indebtedness would be recorded as a liability in the audited annual or the interim consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer in accordance with IFRS; 
"Last Reporting Date" means the most recent Reporting Date;
"Listed Entity" means Grand City Properties S.A., Primecity Investment plc or any member of the Group, from 
time to time, that has any securities trading on an EEA market or on such other internationally recognised, 
regularly operating, stock exchange or securities market;
"Net Cash Interest" means all interest accrued to be paid to persons who are not members of the Group less 
the amount of any interest accrued to be received from persons who are not members of the Group, in each 
case, excluding any one-off financing charges (including, without limitation, any one-off fees and/or break costs 
and/or early redemption costs and/or issuance costs) as set out in the Financial Statements;
"Net Indebtedness" means the Indebtedness incurred minus the amount of Indebtedness repaid;
"Net Secured Indebtedness" means the Secured Indebtedness incurred minus the amount of Secured 
Indebtedness repaid;
"Net Unencumbered Assets" means the value of any Real Estate Property not subject to any Security Interest 
acquired or contracted for acquisition plus the value of all other assets not subject to any Security Interest 
acquired or contracted for acquisition minus the value of such assets which: (i) have been disposed of; or (ii) 
have become subject to a Security Interest, with the value of any such Real Estate Property or other assets in 
each such case to be determined at the relevant time in accordance with IFRS and the accounting principles 
applied by the Issuer in the latest Financial Statements as certified by auditors of the Issuer;
"Net Unsecured Indebtedness" means the Unsecured Indebtedness incurred minus the Unsecured 
Indebtedness repaid;
"Newco" means a newly incorporated limited liability company;
"Newco Scheme" means a scheme of arrangement or any other transaction (each, a "Scheme of 
Arrangement"):
(a)
which effects the interposition of a Newco between the Existing Shareholders and the Issuer; and
(b)
in respect of which the Issuer and the Trustee agree, with effect immediately after the implementation 
of such Scheme of Arrangement, (a) at the Issuer's option, either to the substitution of Newco in place 
of the Issuer as principal obligor (with a guarantee from the Issuer) or to the provision of a guarantee 
from Newco and (b) to make such amendments to these Conditions and the Trust Deed as are necessary, 
in the opinion of the Trustee, to ensure that the Trust Deed and these Conditions (including, without

--- Page 177 ---
A51796379 
177
limitation, the Events of Default (in Condition 10)) provide at least the same protections and benefits to 
the Trustee and the Senior Noteholders following the implementation of such Scheme of Arrangement 
as they provided to the Trustee and the Senior Noteholders prior to the implementation of the Scheme 
of Arrangement, mutatis mutandis, all subject to and in accordance with Condition 11.7,
PROVIDED THAT:
(i)
only ordinary shares of Newco or depositary or other receipts or certificates representing ordinary shares 
of Newco are issued to Existing Shareholders;
(ii)
immediately after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement the only shareholders of ordinary shares of 
Newco or, as the case may be, the only holders of depositary or other receipts or certificates representing 
ordinary shares of Newco, are Existing Shareholders in the same proportions as such Existing 
Shareholders held ordinary shares immediately prior to the Scheme of Arrangement;
(iii)
immediately after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement, Newco is (or one or more wholly-owned 
subsidiaries of Newco are) the only ordinary shareholder (or shareholders) of the Issuer;
(iv)
all Subsidiaries of the Issuer immediately prior to the Scheme of Arrangement (other than Newco, if 
Newco is then a Subsidiary) are Subsidiaries of the Issuer (or subsidiaries of Newco) immediately after 
completion of the Scheme of Arrangement;
(v)
immediately after completion of the Scheme of Arrangement, the Issuer (or Newco) holds, directly or 
indirectly, the same percentage of the ordinary Share Capital and Equity Share Capital of those 
Subsidiaries as was held by the Issuer immediately prior to the Scheme of Arrangement; and
(vi)
any and all applicable company and securities laws are complied with;
"Permitted Cessation of Business" means, in the case of a Successor in Business, the Issuer ensuring the 
substitution of such Successor in Business as principal debtor under the Senior Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons 
and the Trust Deed in place of the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 and the Trust Deed;
"Portfolio Value" means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer, its Subsidiaries and any Related 
Company, as such amount appears in the latest Financial Statements;
"Real Estate Property" means the real estate property and any shares in real estate holding companies held 
directly or indirectly by the Group;
"Refinancing" means, in respect of any Indebtedness, to refinance, extend, renew, refund, repay, prepay, 
purchase, redeem, defease, retire, amend, restate, modify, supplement or replace, including the issue of other 
Indebtedness in exchange or replacement for, such Indebtedness, and "Refinance" and "Refinanced" shall be 
construed accordingly;
"Refinancing Indebtedness" means Indebtedness incurred (whether in a single financing or one or more 
separate financings) to Refinance any amount or amounts of existing Indebtedness of the Group as at the 
relevant date, provided that:
(a)
such Refinancing Indebtedness has an aggregate principal amount that is equal to or less than the 
aggregate principal amount of the Indebtedness being Refinanced; and
(b)
if the Indebtedness being Refinanced is subordinated in right of payment to the obligations of the Issuer 
in respect of the Senior Notes, such Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to 
such obligations at least to the same extent as the Indebtedness being Refinanced;

--- Page 178 ---
A51796379 
178
"Related Company" means any company in which the Issuer holds, directly or indirectly, no more than 50 per 
cent. of the Share Capital or the Voting Rights in respect of such company;
"Relevant Period" means, for the purposes of Condition 11.4, the most recent four consecutive quarters ending 
prior to the date of determination of the Consolidated Coverage Ratio;
"Reporting Date" means an accounts date for which the annual audited consolidated financial statements 
(including the management report) of the Issuer or the consolidated interim financial statements (including the 
management report) of the Issuer, in each case, has have been published and prepared in accordance with IFRS;
"Secured Indebtedness" means that portion of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding Indebtedness 
that is secured by any Security Interest on properties or other assets as set out in the Financial Statements;
"Secured Senior Notes" means any secured Senior Notes issued by any member of the Group (whether 
currently issued or issued in the future) which have not been repaid in full;
"Share Capital" means, in relation to any entity, its issued share capital;
"Successor in Business" means:
(a)
any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Issuer with any other corporation (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which the Issuer is the continuing corporation); or
(b)
any sale or transfer of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Issuer to another entity (whether by 
operation of law or otherwise);
"Subsidiary" means any company in which the Issuer holds directly or indirectly, through another Subsidiary, 
more than 50 per cent. of the Share Capital or Voting Rights;
"Total Assets" means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group, as such amount appears in the 
latest Financial Statements, provided that Total Assets shall include the proceeds of the Indebtedness or Secured 
Indebtedness and Secured Senior Notes to be incurred;
"Unencumbered Assets" means (without duplication): (i) the value of any Real Estate Property, on a 
consolidated basis determined in accordance with IFRS, of the Group that is not subject to any Security Interest; 
plus (ii) the value of all other assets of the Group that is not subject to any Security Interest (where in the case 
of both (i) and (ii), the values shall be equal to such amounts that appear in the latest Financial Statements);
"Unsecured Indebtedness" means that portion of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding 
Indebtedness that is not Secured Indebtedness, as set out in the Financial Statements; and
"Voting Rights" means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer, in respect 
of any person other than the Issuer the right generally to vote at a general meeting of the shareholders of that 
person (in each case, irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes shall have, 
or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency).

--- Page 179 ---
A51796379 
179
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Subordinated Notes which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Global Subordinated Note (as defined below) and each definitive Subordinated Note, in the latter 
case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive 
Subordinated Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global 
Subordinated Note and definitive Subordinated Note. Reference should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" 
for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to apply in relation 
to the relevant Subordinated Notes.
This Subordinated Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Dated Subordinated Notes or Undated 
Subordinated Notes (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) issued by Grand City Properties S.A. (the 
"Issuer") constituted by a Trust Deed (such Trust Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from 
time to time, the "Trust Deed") dated 7 September 2023 made between the Issuer and M&G Trustee Company 
Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include any successor as Trustee).
References herein to the "Subordinated Notes" shall be references to the Subordinated Notes of this Series and 
shall mean:
(a)
in relation to any Subordinated Notes represented by a global Subordinated Note (a "Global 
Subordinated Note"), units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency;
(b)
any Global Subordinated Note; and
(c)
any definitive Subordinated Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Subordinated Notes") issued in exchange 
for a Global Subordinated Note in bearer form; and
(d)
any definitive Subordinated Notes in registered form ("Registered Subordinated Notes") (whether or 
not issued in exchange for a Global Subordinated Note in registered form).
The Subordinated Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such 
Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement") dated 7 September 2023 and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, The Bank of New York 
Mellon, acting through its London branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Principal 
Paying Agent" and the "Agent Bank", respectively, which expressions shall include any successor thereto) and 
the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent and the Agent Bank, the 
"Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), The Bank of New 
York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any 
successor registrar) and a transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with the Registrar, 
the "Transfer Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents). The 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), the Registrar, 
the Paying Agents, and other Transfer Agents together referred to as the "Agents".
The final terms for this Subordinated Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final 
Terms attached to or endorsed on this Subordinated Note which complete these Terms and Conditions (the 
"Conditions"). References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Subordinated Note. The expression 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of 
Bearer Subordinated Notes which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments

--- Page 180 ---
A51796379 
180
remaining, talons for further Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or 
coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. 
Registered Subordinated Notes and Global Subordinated Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on 
issue.
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Subordinated Noteholders (which expression shall mean (in the case of 
Bearer Subordinated Notes) the holders of the Subordinated Notes and (in the case of Registered Subordinated 
Notes) the persons in whose name the Subordinated Notes are registered and shall, in relation to any 
Subordinated Notes represented by a Global Subordinated Note, be construed as provided below), the holders 
of the Coupons (the "Couponholders", which expression shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include 
the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed.
As used herein, "Tranche" means Subordinated Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Subordinated Notes together with any further 
Tranche or Tranches of Subordinated Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series 
and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for 
the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.
Copies of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement are (i) available for inspection or collection during normal 
business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to any 
Subordinated Noteholder following their prior written request to the Trustee or any Paying Agents and provision 
of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case 
may be). If the Subordinated Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") the applicable Final Terms will be published 
on the website of Euronext Dublin. The Subordinated Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, 
and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement.
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency between the Trust Deed or the Agency 
Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.
1
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE
The Subordinated Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
in the case of definitive Subordinated Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified Currency") 
and the denominations (the "Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subordinated Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Subordinated Notes of another 
Specified Denomination and Bearer Subordinated Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Subordinated 
Notes and vice versa.
This Subordinated Note may be a Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note or a Floating Rate Subordinated 
Note depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.
Definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes are issued with Coupons attached.

--- Page 181 ---
A51796379 
181
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Subordinated Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
the Registered Subordinated Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem 
and treat the bearer of any Bearer Subordinated Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any Registered 
Subordinated Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of 
any Global Subordinated Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph.
For so long as any of the Subordinated Notes is represented by a Global Subordinated Note held on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Subordinated 
Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
to the nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and 
the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes for all purposes other than with 
respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Subordinated Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Subordinated Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent as the holder of 
such nominal amount of such Subordinated Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant 
Global Subordinated Note and the expressions "Subordinated Noteholder" and "holder of Subordinated 
Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly.
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Subordinated Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, in its 
absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or certification shall, 
in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned.
Subordinated Notes which are represented by a Global Subordinated Note will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be. References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms.
2
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED SUBORDINATED NOTES
2.1
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Subordinated Notes
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Subordinated Notes will be effected by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Subordinated Note will, subject to compliance with 
all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Subordinated Notes in definitive form 
or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Subordinated Note of the same series only in the 
authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules 
and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Trust Deed and the Agency 
Agreement.

--- Page 182 ---
A51796379 
182
2.2
Transfers of Registered Subordinated Notes in definitive form
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, a 
Registered Subordinated Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (a) the holder 
or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Subordinated Note for registration of the transfer of the 
Registered Subordinated Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Subordinated Note) at the specified 
office of any Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders 
thereof or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent must, 
after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person 
making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe. Subject as provided above, the relevant 
Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open 
for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request 
(or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office 
to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the transferee 
may request, a new Registered Subordinated Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount 
to the Registered Subordinated Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Subordinated Note) 
transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Subordinated Note in definitive form, 
a new Registered Subordinated Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered 
Subordinated Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) 
sent to the transferor.
2.3
Costs of registration
Subordinated Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration 
of transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp 
duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.
3
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES AND PROHIBITION OF SET-OFF
3.1
Status
The Subordinated Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and in the event of the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, bankruptcy or 
similar proceedings of the Issuer rank:
(a)
senior only to the Junior Obligations of the Issuer;
(b)
pari passu among themselves and with any Parity Obligations of the Issuer; and
(c)
junior to all other present and future obligations of the Issuer, whether subordinated or 
unsubordinated, except as otherwise provided by mandatory provisions of applicable laws or as 
expressly provided for by the terms of the relevant instrument.
In these Conditions:
"Junior Obligations" means (i) the ordinary shares and preferred shares (if any) of the Issuer, (ii) any 
present or future share of any other class of shares of the Issuer, (iii) any other present or future security, 
registered security or other instrument of the Issuer under which the Issuer's obligations rank or are 
expressed to rank pari passu with the ordinary shares or the preferred shares (if any) of the Issuer and

--- Page 183 ---
A51796379 
183
(iv) any present or future security, registered security or other instrument which is issued by a Subsidiary 
and guaranteed by the Issuer or for which the Issuer has otherwise assumed liability where the Issuer's 
obligations under such guarantee or other assumptions of liability rank or are expressed to rank pari 
passu with the instruments described under (i), (ii) or (iii);
"Parity Obligations" means any present or future obligation which (i) is issued by the Issuer and the 
obligations under which rank or are expressed to rank pari passu with the Issuer 's obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes, or (ii) benefits from a guarantee or support agreement that ranks or is expressed to 
rank pari passu with the Issuer's obligations under the Subordinated Notes;
"Share Capital" means, in relation to any entity, its issued share capital;
"Subsidiary" means any corporation, partnership, company or other enterprise in which the Issuer 
directly or indirectly holds in the aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the Share Capital or the Voting 
Rights; and
"Voting Rights" means the right generally to vote at a general meeting of shareholders of the Issuer, in 
respect of any person other than the Issuer the right generally to vote at a general meeting of the 
shareholders of that person (in each case, irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other 
class or classes shall have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency).
3.2
Insolvency or Liquidation of the Issuer
In the event of the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation, bankruptcy or similar proceedings of the Issuer, 
no payments under the Subordinated Notes shall be made to the Subordinated Noteholders unless all 
claims that, pursuant to Condition 3.1, rank senior to the Subordinated Notes have been discharged or 
secured in full.
3.3
Prohibition of Set-off
No Subordinated Noteholder may set-off any claims arising under the Subordinated Notes against any 
claims that the Issuer may have against it. The Issuer may not set-off any claims it may have against the 
Subordinated Noteholders against any of its obligations under the Subordinated Notes.
4
INTEREST
4.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes
(a)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note bears interest on its principal amount from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.
Subject to Condition 5, such interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each 
year from (and including) the first Interest Payment Date.
If the Subordinated Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the 
amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date up to (and including) the First Reset Date in 
respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon 
Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so specified.
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.

--- Page 184 ---
A51796379 
184
(b)
Interest Accrual
The Subordinated Notes (and any unpaid amounts thereon) will cease to bear interest from (and 
including) the date of redemption thereof pursuant to the relevant paragraph of Condition 7 or the date 
of substitution thereof pursuant to Condition 8, as the case may be, unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of:
(i)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Subordinated Note have been paid; and
(ii)
as provided in the Trust Deed.
(c)
Interest Calculation
Except in the case of Subordinated Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount 
or Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(i)
in the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes which are (i) represented by a Global 
Subordinated Note or (ii) Registered Subordinated Notes in definitive form, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes represented by 
such Global Subordinated Note or (B) such Registered Subordinated Notes; or
(ii)
in the case of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes which are Bearer Subordinated Notes in 
definitive form, the Calculation Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the outstanding aggregate principal amount of Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, 
which are Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate 
Resettable Subordinated Notes which are Bearer Subordinated Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded 
to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note which is a Bearer 
Subordinated Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding.
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1:
(A)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365;
(B)
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(1)
in the case of Subordinated Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual Period) 
is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, 
the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of

--- Page 185 ---
A51796379 
185
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or
(2)
in the case of Subordinated Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(I)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that 
would occur in one calendar year; and
(II)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and
(C)
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on the basis 
of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.
In these Conditions:
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.
(d)
First Fixed Rate of Interest
For each Fixed Interest Period to (but excluding) the First Reset Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) and subject to Condition 5, each Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note bears interest at the 
rate per annum equal to the First Fixed Rate of Interest (as specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
subject to Condition 4.3.
(e)
Subsequent Reset Rate(s) of Interest
For each Fixed Interest Period commencing on or after the First Reset Date and subject to Condition 5, 
each Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Note bears interest at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate, as 
determined and notified in writing to the Agent and the Issuer by the Agent Bank on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date in accordance with this Condition 4.1(e), subject to Condition 4.3. Following any 
such determination of the Subsequent Reset Rate, the Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee of such 
Subsequent Reset Rate.
In these Conditions:
"Margin" means the rate(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms;
"Mid Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency with a term equal 
to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date and payable with a frequency 
equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Fixed Rate 
Resettable Subordinated Notes during the relevant Reset Period (or, if such rate with such frequency of

--- Page 186 ---
A51796379 
186
payments is not displayed on the Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page at the Subsequent Reset 
Reference Rate Time, the rate with the next closest frequency of payments converted in accordance with 
market convention to a rate with the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on 
the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes) (calculated in each case on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency);
"Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page" means the display page on the relevant service as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or such other page as may replace it on that information service, or on such 
other equivalent information service as determined by the Issuer (acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner and by reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with 
an Independent Adviser as defined in Condition 4.4), for the purpose of displaying the Mid Swap Rate;
"Reference Bond" means for any Reset Period a government security or securities issued by the state 
responsible for issuing the Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is euro, shall be 
Germany) selected by the Issuer on the advice of a leading independent investment, merchant or 
commercial bank as having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the relevant Reset Period 
that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in 
pricing new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a 
comparable maturity to the relevant Reset Period;
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any Reset Determination Date (i) the arithmetic mean 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such Reset Determination Date, after 
excluding the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (ii) if fewer 
than five, but more than one, Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are received, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations, or (iii) if only one Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation is 
received, the amount of that quotation so received;
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks (selected by the Issuer on the advice 
of a leading independent investment, merchant or commercial bank), or their affiliates and respective 
successors, which are primary dealers or market makers in the market for securities such as the Reference 
Bond;
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and the relevant Reset Determination Date, the arithmetic mean, as 
determined, and notified in writing to the Agent and the Issuer, by the Agent Bank, of the bid and offered 
prices for the relevant Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal amount) 
at or around the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time on the relevant Reset Determination Date quoted 
in writing to the Issuer or the Agent Bank by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;
"Reset Determination Date" means for each Reset Period the date as specified in the Final Terms falling 
on or before the commencement of such Reset Period on which the Rate of Interest for such Reset Period 
is to be determined;
"Reset Period" means the period from one Reset Date to (but excluding) the next following Reset Date 
up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (if any);
"Subsequent Reset Rate" for any Reset Period means the sum of (i) the applicable Subsequent Reset 
Reference Rate and (ii) the applicable Margin (rounded down to four decimal places, with 0.00005 being 
rounded down) (which rate if not calculated on the basis of a Subsequent Reset Reference Rate with the 
same frequency of payments, shall be converted in accordance with market convention to a rate with the 
frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Fixed Rate Resettable 
Subordinated Notes or, if market convention is for the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate first to be so

--- Page 187 ---
A51796379 
187
converted, the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate for the purposes of determining the Subsequent Reset 
Rate shall be the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate as so converted without any further such conversion);
"Subsequent Reset Reference Rate" means either:
(i)
if "Mid Swaps" is specified in the Final Terms, the Mid Swap Rate which appears on the Mid 
Swap Reference Rate Screen Page at or around the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date for such Reset Period, expressed as a percentage; or
(ii)
if "Reference Bond" is specified in the Final Terms, the rate per annum equal to the annual yield 
to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the relevant day count basis) of the relevant 
Reference Bond, assuming a price for such Reference Bond (expressed as a percentage of its 
nominal amount) equal to the relevant Reference Bond Price; and
"Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(f)
Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page Unavailable or Mid Swap Rate does not Appear
If the Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page is unavailable or the Mid Swap Rate does not appear on 
the Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page, in each case at or around the Subsequent Reset Reference 
Rate Time, the Issuer or the Agent Bank shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) 
to provide the Issuer or the Agent Bank with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the Mid Swap Rate at approximately the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time on the Reset 
Determination Date in question in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the 
floating leg (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency) is equivalent to the Rate of Interest that would apply in respect of the Subordinated Notes if 
(a) the Notes were Floating Rate Subordinated Notes and Screen Rate Determination was specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, (b) the 
Reference Rate was the Subsequent Reset Floating Leg Reference Rate and (c) the Relevant Screen Page 
was the Subsequent Reset Floating Leg Screen Page, or, in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is 
not available or no relevant offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page at or around the 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time, on the basis of the rate that would have been used for the floating 
leg of the Mid Swap Rate that was to appear on the Mid Swap Reference Rate Screen Page at or around 
the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate Time if it had appeared at such time.
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer or the Agent Bank with offered quotations, the 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate for the relevant Reset Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the applicable Margin (if any), all as determined, and notified in writing 
to the Agent and the Trustee, by the Issuer or the Agent Bank. If only one quotation is provided, the 
Subsequent Reset Reference Rate will be the quotation provided.
If none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer or the Agent Bank with an offered quotation as 
provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Subsequent Reset Rate shall be determined 
as the Subsequent Reset Rate as at the last preceding Reset Determination Date less the Margin 
applicable as from the last preceding Reset Date plus the Margin applicable as from the current Reset 
Determination Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the Subsequent Reset Rate shall 
be determined on the basis of the Subsequent Reset Reference Rate being equal to the Initial Reset 
Reference Rate.
In this Condition 4.1(f), "Reference Banks" means five leading swap dealers in the interbank market 
for swap transactions in the Specified Currency with an equivalent maturity to the Reset Period as

--- Page 188 ---
A51796379 
188
selected by the Issuer in consultation with a leading independent investment, merchant or commercial 
bank.
(g)
Publication of Subsequent Reset Rates
The Issuer shall cause notice of each Subsequent Reset Rate determined in accordance with this 
Condition 4.1 in respect of each relevant Reset Period to be given to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Paying 
Agents, any stock exchange on which the Fixed Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes are for the time 
being listed or admitted to trading and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders, 
in each case as soon as practicable after its determination but in any event not later than the fourth 
Business Day (as defined below) thereafter.
(h)
Agent Bank and Reference Banks
With effect from the Reset Determination Date relating to the First Reset Date, the Issuer will maintain 
an Agent Bank if not the Principal Paying Agent and five Reference Banks where the Rate of Interest is 
to be calculated by reference to them.
The Issuer may, with the prior written consent of the Trustee, from time to time replace the Agent Bank 
with another leading financial institution in London or Luxembourg. If the Agent Bank is unable or 
unwilling to continue to act as the Agent Bank or fails duly to determine a Subsequent Reset Rate in 
respect of any Fixed Interest Period as provided in Condition 4.1(f), the Issuer shall forthwith appoint 
another leading financial institution in London or Luxembourg approved in writing by the Trustee to act 
as such in its place. The Agent Bank may not resign its duties or be removed without a successor having 
been appointed as aforesaid.
(i)
Determinations Binding
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.1 by the Agent Bank 
or the Reference Banks, as the case may be, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the 
Issuer the Agent Bank, the Trustee, the Registrar, the other Paying Agents and all Subordinated 
Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) no liability to the 
Subordinated Noteholders, the Couponholders, the Trustee or the Issuer shall attach to the Agent Bank 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to 
such provisions.
4.2
Interest on Floating Rate Subordinated Notes
(a)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Subordinated Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and, subject to Condition 5, such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an "Interest Payment 
Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified Period in the 
applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, "Interest Period" 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date)

--- Page 189 ---
A51796379 
189
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Floating 
Rate Subordinated Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date.
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no numerically 
corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur or (y) if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the Business 
Day Convention specified is:
(A)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be 
the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall 
apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day 
and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which 
falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or
(C)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or
(D)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day.
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means a day which is:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;
(b)
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
System (known as TARGET or T2) or any successor or replacement for that system (the 
"TARGET System") is open; and
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET System 
is open.

--- Page 190 ---
A51796379 
190
(b)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 4.3.
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal 
to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche 
of the Subordinated Notes (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which:
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(B)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Designated Maturity" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero.
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes not referencing Compounded 
Daily SONIA or Compounded Daily SOFR
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is neither Compounded 
Daily SONIA nor Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either the Euro-zone 
interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") or the Norwegian interbank offered rate ("NIBOR"), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the information) 
as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case 
of NIBOR) (such time, the "Reference Time") on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than

--- Page 191 ---
A51796379 
191
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three offered quotations appear, in each case as 
at the Reference Time, the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Reference Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with an offered quotation as 
provided in the preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be 
the rate per annum which the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks were offered, at approximately the Reference Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-
bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market (if the 
Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) or, if fewer than 
two of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, with offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period 
equal to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal 
to that which would have been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the 
Reference Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for the purpose) informs the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in the Euro-
zone inter-bank market (if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR) or the Norwegian inter-bank market 
(if the Reference Rate is NIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), provided 
that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period).
In this Condition 4.2(b)(ii) the expression "Reference Banks" means, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, and in the case of a determination of NIBOR, the principal Oslo office of four

--- Page 192 ---
A51796379 
192
major banks in the Norwegian inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Principal Paying 
Agent in consultation with the Issuer and approved in writing by the Trustee.
(iii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SONIA
(A)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified as being "Compounded Daily SONIA", the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA with respect to such 
Interest Period plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
all as determined and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable.
"Compounded Daily SONIA" means, with respect to an Interest Period,
(I)
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):
(𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑦
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐶𝑜𝑚𝑝𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑑 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑥
−1) 𝑥365
𝑑
where:
"SONIA Compounded Indexx" is the SONIA Compounded Index value for the 
day falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period;
"SONIA Compounded Indexy" is the SONIA Compounded Index value for the 
day falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for the 
relevant Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); and
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SONIA Observation Period;
provided that if the SONIA Compounded Index value required to determine 
SONIA Compounded Indexx or SONIA Compounded Indexy does not appear on 
the Bank of England's Interactive Statistical Database, or any successor source on 
which the compounded daily SONIA rate is published by the Bank of England (or 
any successor administrator of SONIA), at the Specified Time on the relevant 
London Banking Day (or by 5:00 p.m. London time or such later time falling one 
hour after the customary or scheduled time for publication of the SONIA 
Compounded Index in accordance with the then-prevailing operational procedures 
of the administrator of the SONIA Reference Rate or SONIA authorised 
distributors, as the case may be), then Compounded Daily SONIA for such Interest 
Period and each subsequent Interest Period shall be "Compounded Daily SONIA" 
determined in accordance with paragraph (II) below and for these purposes the 
"SONIA Observation Method" shall be deemed to be "Shift"; or

--- Page 193 ---
A51796379 
193
(II)
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A)(II) applies to such 
Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 4.2(b)(iii)(A)(I) above, the rate 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥365
𝑑
where:
"d" is the number of calendar days in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" 
is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or 
(where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA Observation 
Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period;
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in (where in the applicable Final 
Terms "Lag" is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest 
Period or (where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method) the relevant SONIA Observation Period;
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London 
Banking Day in (where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the 
SONIA Observation Method) the relevant Interest Period or (where in the 
applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA Observation Method) the 
relevant SONIA Observation Period;
"ni", for any London Banking Day "i", is the number of calendar days from (and 
including) such London Banking Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following 
London Banking Day; and
"SONIAi-pLBD" means:
(a)
where in the applicable Final Terms "Lag" is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Interest Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking 
Day falling "p" London Banking Days prior to such London Banking Day 
"i"; or
(b)
where in the applicable Final Terms "Shift" is specified as the SONIA 
Observation Method, "SONIAi-pLBD" shall be replaced in the above formula 
with "SONIAi", where "SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking 
Day "i" falling in the relevant SONIA Observation Period, the SONIA 
Reference Rate for such London Banking Day "i".
(B)
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions, the Rate of Interest shall be:
(I)
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum

--- Page 194 ---
A51796379 
194
Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin, the Maximum Rate of 
Interest and/or the Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to the 
relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); or
(II)
if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest 
which would have been applicable to such Series of Floating Rate Subordinated 
Notes for the first scheduled Interest Period had the Floating Rate Subordinated 
Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the first scheduled Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (and 
applying the Margin and, if applicable, any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest, applicable to the first scheduled Interest Period).
(C)
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(iii):
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) 
in London;
"p" means the number of London Banking Days included in the SONIA Observation 
Look-Back Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
"SONIA" has the meaning given to it in the definition of SONIA Reference Rate;
"SONIA Compounded Index" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the 
compounded daily SONIA rate as published by the Bank of England (or a successor 
administrator of SONIA) as such rate appears on the Bank of England's Interactive 
Statistical Database, or any successor source on which the compounded daily SONIA rate 
is published by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA), at the 
Specified Time on such London Banking Day;
"SONIA Observation Look-Back Period" means the period specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms;
"SONIA Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling p London Banking Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling p London Banking Days prior 
to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or such other date on which the 
relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the 
relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest Period);
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the Bank of England (or a successor administrator of SONIA) to authorised 
distributors (the "SONIA authorised distributors") and as then published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by the SONIA authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day, provided that if, in respect of any London Banking 
Day, the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not made available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the SONIA authorised distributors by 5.00 
p.m. London time, then (unless the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as

--- Page 195 ---
A51796379 
195
applicable, has been notified of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (and any related 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments) pursuant to Condition 4.4 below, if 
applicable) the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such London Banking Day shall be:
(I)
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 5.00 p.m. 
London time (or, if earlier, close of business) on such London Banking Day; plus 
(ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been 
published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest 
spread, one only of those highest spreads) and the lowest spread (or, if there is more 
than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or
(II)
if the Bank Rate described in (I) above is not available at such time on such London 
Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the SONIA authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the SONIA 
authorised distributors); and
"Specified Time" means 10:00 a.m., London time, or such other time as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.
(iv)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Subordinated Notes referencing Compounded Daily 
SOFR
(A)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the "Reference Rate" is 
specified as being Compounded Daily SOFR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SOFR for such Interest Period plus 
or minus (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
and calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable.
"Compounded Daily SOFR" means, with respect to an Interest Period,
(I)
if Index Determination is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the rate determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 (360
𝑑)
where:
"SOFR IndexStart" is the SOFR Index value for the day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period;
"SOFR IndexEnd" is the SOFR Index value for the day falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for the 
relevant Interest Period or such other date on which the relevant payment of interest 
falls due (but which by its definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is 
excluded from such Interest Period); and

--- Page 196 ---
A51796379 
196
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period;
provided that, if the SOFR Index value required to determine SOFR IndexStart or 
SOFR IndexEnd does not appear on the SOFR Administrator's Website at the 
Specified Time on the relevant U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or by 
3:00 p.m. New York City time on the immediately following U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day or such later time falling one hour after the customary or 
scheduled time for publication of the SOFR Index value in accordance with the 
then-prevailing operational procedures of the administrator of SOFR Index), 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" for such Interest Period and each Interest Period 
thereafter will be determined in accordance with Condition 4.2(b)(iv)(A)(II) 
below; or
(II)
if either (x) Index Determination is specified as being not applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, or (y) this Condition 4.2(b)(iv)(A)(II) applies to such 
Interest Period pursuant to the proviso in Condition 4.2(b)(iv)(A)(I) above, the rate 
determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
on the relevant Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards):
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖 𝑥 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑
where:
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR Observation Period;
"d0" is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period;
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to "d0", each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;
"ni", for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i", in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" up to (but excluding) the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; and
"SOFRi" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, the SOFR Reference Rate for 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day.
(B)
If the SOFR Benchmark Replacement is at any time required to be used pursuant to 
paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Reference Rate, then the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, will determine the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement in accordance with the definition thereof with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark, and if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as 
applicable, has so determined the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, then:

--- Page 197 ---
A51796379 
197
(I)
the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, shall also 
determine the method for determining the rate described in sub-paragraph (a) of 
paragraph (1), (2) or (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as 
applicable (including (i) the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service on or source from which such rate appears or is obtained (the "Alternative 
Relevant Source"), (ii) the time at which such rate appears on, or is obtained from, 
the Alternative Relevant Source (the "Alternative Specified Time"), (iii) the day 
on which such rate will appear on, or is obtained from, the Alternative Relevant 
Source in respect of each U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"Alternative Relevant Date"), and (iv) any alternative method for determining 
such rate if is unavailable at the Alternative Specified Time on the applicable 
Alternative Relevant Date), which method shall be consistent with industry-
accepted practices for such rate;
(II)
from (and including) the Affected Day, references to the Specified Time shall in 
these Conditions be deemed to be references to the Alternative Specified Time;
(III)
if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as applicable, determine 
that (i) changes to the definitions of Business Day, Business Day Convention, 
Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, 
Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation Period, SOFR 
Observation Shift Period, SOFR Reference Rate or U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day or (ii) any other technical changes to any other provision in this 
Condition 4.2(b)(iv), are necessary in order to implement the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement (including any alternative method described in sub-paragraph (iv) of 
paragraph (I) above) as the SOFR Benchmark in a manner substantially consistent 
with market practice (or, if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, 
as the case may be, decide that adoption of any portion of such market practice is 
not administratively feasible or if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Agent, as the case may be, determine that no market practice for use of the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determine is reasonably 
necessary), the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer 
and without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Subordinated 
Noteholders use their reasonable endeavours to effect the necessary modifications 
to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement (including, inter 
alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and, 
if required, the Agency Agreement in a form which is acceptable to the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as applicable) in order to 
provide for the amendment of such definitions or other provisions to reflect such 
changes; and
(IV)
the Issuer will give notice or will procure that notice is given as soon as practicable 
to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, and to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, 
specifying the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as well as the details described in 
paragraph (A) above and the amendments implemented pursuant to paragraph (III) 
above. The Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof and any

--- Page 198 ---
A51796379 
198
amendments implemented pursuant to paragraph (III) above shall not increase the 
obligations or duties, or decrease the rights or protections, of the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and/or the Trustee, as applicable, in these Conditions 
and/or the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed unless agreed in writing 
between the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable.
(C)
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(b)(iv):
"Corresponding Tenor" means, with respect to a SOFR Benchmark Replacement, a tenor 
(including overnight) having approximately the same length (disregarding any applicable 
Business Day Convention) as the applicable tenor for the then-current SOFR Benchmark;
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means, with respect to any ISDA Fallback Rate, the spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that would be applied to 
such ISDA Fallback Rate in the case of derivative transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions that will be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with 
respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor;
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark, the rate 
that would apply for derivative transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions that will be 
effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the then-current 
SOFR Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback 
Adjustment;
"p" means the number of U.S. Government Securities Business Days included in the 
SOFR Observation Shift Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed 
or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto;
"SOFR" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the daily 
secured overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day as 
provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of such rate (or 
any successor administrator of such rate);
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the daily SOFR or the SOFR Index, as applicable);
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source;
"SOFR Benchmark" means SOFR, provided that if a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event 
and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to SOFR 
or such other then-current SOFR Benchmark, then "SOFR Benchmark" means the 
applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement;
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the first alternative set forth in the order presented below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark:

--- Page 199 ---
A51796379 
199
(1)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or recommended 
by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or
(2)
the sum of (a) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (b) the SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;
(3)
the sum of: (a) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the Issuer or 
the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as the replacement for the then-
current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor and (b) the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, provided that, (i) if the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, determine that there is an 
industry-accepted replacement rate of interest for the then-current Benchmark for 
U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time, it shall select such 
industry-accepted rate, and (ii) otherwise, it shall select such rate of interest that it 
has determined is most comparable to the then-current Benchmark, and the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means, with respect to any SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, as of the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the then-current Benchmark:
(1)
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement;
(2)
if the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment;
(3)
the spread adjustment, which may be a positive or negative value or zero, that has 
been selected by the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, to 
be applied to the applicable Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement in order 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable under the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to the 
Subordinated Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark with such Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement for the purposes 
of determining the SOFR Reference Rate, which spread adjustment shall be 
consistent with any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating 
or determining such spread adjustment, applied to such Unadjusted SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement where it has replaced the then-current SOFR Benchmark 
for U.S. dollar denominated floating rate notes at such time;
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent" means such person that has been appointed by 
the Issuer (at its own cost) to make the calculations and determinations to be made by the 
SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent described in this Condition 4.2(b)(iv) that may be 
made by either the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent or the Issuer, so long as such 
person is a leading bank or other financial institution or a person with appropriate 
expertise, in each case that is experienced in such calculations and determinations. The 
Issuer may elect, but is not required, to appoint a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent

--- Page 200 ---
A51796379 
200
at any time. The Issuer will notify the Subordinated Noteholders of any such appointment 
in accordance with Condition 16;
"SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect thereto:
(1)
in the case of sub-paragraph (1) or (2) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the SOFR 
Benchmark; or
(2)
in the case of sub-paragraph (3) of the definition of SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced 
therein.
If the event giving rise to the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same 
day as, but earlier than, the Specified Time in respect of any determination, the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Specified 
Time for such determination;
"SOFR Benchmark Transition Event" means, with respect to the then-current SOFR 
Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect thereto:
(1)
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator 
of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that such administrator has ceased or will 
cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark, permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark;
(2)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark, the central bank for the currency of the 
SOFR Benchmark, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the SOFR Benchmark, a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the 
administrator for the SOFR Benchmark or a court or an entity with similar 
insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the SOFR Benchmark, 
which states that the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark has ceased or will 
cease to provide the SOFR Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the SOFR Benchmark; or
(3)
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the SOFR Benchmark announcing that the SOFR Benchmark 
is no longer representative;
"SOFR Index" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the 
compounded daily SOFR rate as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) as such rate 
appears on the SOFR Administrator's Website at the Specified Time on such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day;
"SOFR Observation Period" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to

--- Page 201 ---
A51796379 
201
the first day of such Interest Period to (but excluding) the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period or 
such other date on which the relevant payment of interest falls due (but which by its 
definition or the operation of the relevant provisions is excluded from such Interest 
Period);
"SOFR Observation Shift Period" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
"SOFR Reference Rate" means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day:
(1)
a rate equal to SOFR for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day appearing 
on the SOFR Administrator's Website on or about the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; or
(2)
if SOFR in respect of such U.S. Government Securities Business Day does not 
appear as specified in paragraph (1) above, unless the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determine that a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to SOFR on or prior to the Specified Time on the U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day immediately following such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, SOFR in respect of the last U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which such rate was published on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website; or
(3)
if the Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, determine that a 
SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement 
Date have occurred with respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark on or prior 
to the Specified Time on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or, if the 
then-current SOFR Benchmark is not SOFR, on or prior to the Specified Time on 
the Alternative Relevant Date), then (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
paragraph (3)) from (and including) the U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
immediately following such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (or the 
Alternative Relevant Date, as applicable) (the "Affected Day"), the SOFR 
Reference Rate shall mean, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, the applicable SOFR Benchmark Replacement for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day appearing on, or obtained from, the Alternative Relevant 
Source at the Alternative Specified Time on the Alternative Relevant Date;
"Specified Time" means 3:00 p.m., New York City time or such other time as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms;
"Unadjusted SOFR Benchmark Replacement" means the SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement excluding the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) that is not a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association or any successor organisation recommends that the fixed income departments 
of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities.

--- Page 202 ---
A51796379 
202
(D)
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 4.2(b)(iv), if the Issuer has 
appointed a SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent and such SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Agent is unable to determine whether a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event 
has occurred or, following the occurrence of a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event, has 
not selected the SOFR Benchmark Replacement as of the related SOFR Benchmark 
Replacement Date, in accordance with this Condition 4.2(b)(iv) then, in such case, the 
Issuer shall make such determination or select the SOFR Benchmark Replacement, as the 
case may be.
(E)
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer or the SOFR 
Benchmark Replacement Agent, if any, pursuant to this Condition 4.2(b)(iv), including 
any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-
occurrence of an event (including any determination that a SOFR Benchmark Transition 
Event and its related SOFR Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to 
the then-current SOFR Benchmark), circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be made in the sole discretion of the 
Issuer or the SOFR Benchmark Replacement Agent, as the case may be, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to 
be zero.
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period.
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest 
(the "Interest Amount") payable on the Floating Rate Subordinated Notes for the relevant Interest 
Period by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes which are (a) represented by a Global 
Subordinated Note or (b) Registered Subordinated Notes in definitive form, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of (x) the Subordinated Notes represented by such Global 
Subordinated Note or (y) such Registered Subordinated Notes; or
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes which are Bearer Subordinated Notes in 
definitive form, the Calculation Amount;

--- Page 203 ---
A51796379 
203
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded 
upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Subordinated Note in definitive form is a multiple 
of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Subordinated Note shall be 
the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding.
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2:
(i)
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366;
(iv)
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360;
(v)
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= [360 𝑥 (𝑌2 −𝑌1) ± [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] ± (𝐷2 −𝑌𝐷1)
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30;

--- Page 204 ---
A51796379 
204
(vi)
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= [360 𝑥 (𝑌2 −𝑌1) ± [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] ± (𝐷2 −𝑌𝐷1)
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;
(vii)
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the Interest 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
𝐷𝑎𝑦 𝐶𝑜𝑢𝑛𝑡 𝐹𝑟𝑎𝑐𝑡𝑖𝑜𝑛= [360 𝑥 (𝑌2 −𝑌1) ± [30 𝑥 (𝑀2 −𝑀1)]] ± (𝐷2 −𝑌𝐷1)
360
where:
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls;
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) 
such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
(e)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is

--- Page 205 ---
A51796379 
205
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case 
may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as the Issuer, acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, 
for such purposes.
"Designated Maturity" means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate.
(f)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
(i)
Except where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "Compounded Daily SONIA" or 
"Compounded Daily SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest 
Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as possible 
after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Subordinated Notes are for 
the time being listed and to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16. For 
the purposes of this paragraph, the expression "London Business Day" means a day (other than 
a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London.
(ii)
Where "Screen Rate Determination" is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "Compounded Daily SONIA" or "Compounded 
Daily SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each 
Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Subordinated 
Notes are for the time being listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and 
notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 16 as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than (1) where the applicable Final Terms specifies the 
Reference Rate as "Compounded Daily SONIA", the second London Banking Day thereafter or 
(2) where the applicable Final Terms specifies the Reference Rate as "Compounded Daily 
SOFR", the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day thereafter. Each Rate of Interest, 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. Any such amendment or 
alternative arrangements will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant

--- Page 206 ---
A51796379 
206
Floating Rate Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed and to the Subordinated 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16.
(g)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2 by the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and all Subordinated Noteholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence of fraud or wilful default) no liability to the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Subordinated Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.
4.3
Step Up after Change of Control Event
If Change of Control Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this 
Condition 4.3 shall apply.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4, if a Change of Control Event occurs and the 
Issuer does not elect to redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 7.8, the then 
prevailing Rate of Interest, and each subsequent Rate of Interest otherwise determined in accordance 
with the provisions of this Condition 4, in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall be increased by the 
Step Up Margin after Change of Control Event as specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Change of Control Effective Date. The Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 16, 
the Subordinated Noteholders of such change to the Rate of Interest.
4.4
Benchmark Discontinuation
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 4.1 or 4.2, as the case may be, above (in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes or Floating Rate Subordinated Notes other than where the Reference 
Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Compounded Daily SOFR, in which case the 
provisions of this Condition 4.4 shall not apply), if the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when 
any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to that 
Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions of this Condition 4.4 shall apply.
(a)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If there is a Successor Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly notify the Principal Paying Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders of such Successor Rate and that 
Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(b) subsequently be used 
by the Principal Paying Agent in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the relevant 
Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all relevant future payments of 
interest on the Subordinated Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.4).
If there is no Successor Rate but the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by 
reference to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, determines that there is an Alternative Rate, then the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders of such Alternative Rate and that Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.4(b)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to

--- Page 207 ---
A51796379 
207
determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) thereof) for all 
relevant future payments of interest on the Subordinated Notes (subject to the further operation 
of this Condition 4.4).
(b)
Adjustment Spread
If, in the case of a Successor Rate, an Adjustment Spread is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body, then the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall apply such 
Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate 
of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate.
If, in the case of a Successor Rate where no such Adjustment Spread is formally recommended 
or provided as an option by any Relevant Nominating Body, or in the case of an Alternative Rate, 
the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference to such sources as it 
deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent Adviser, determines that 
there is an Adjustment Spread in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets 
for transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then the Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders of such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall apply such 
Adjustment Spread to the Successor Rate and the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each 
subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference 
to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable).
If no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available) by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, or the Issuer so determines that there is no such Adjustment Spread in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets and the Issuer further 
determines, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with an 
Independent Adviser, that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), then the Adjustment Spread shall be:
(i)
the Adjustment Spread determined by the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner and following consultation with an Independent Adviser, as being the Adjustment 
Spread recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or
(ii)
if there is no such industry standard recognised or acknowledged, such Adjustment Spread 
as the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and following consultation with 
an Independent Adviser, determines to be appropriate, having regard to the objective, so 
far as is reasonably practicable in the circumstances, of reducing or eliminating any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to the Subordinated Noteholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
Following any such determination of the Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall promptly notify the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders of 
such Adjustment Spread and the Principal Paying Agent shall apply such Adjustment Spread to 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination

--- Page 208 ---
A51796379 
208
of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (as applicable).
(c)
Benchmark Amendments
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 4.4 and the Issuer, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and by reference 
to such sources as it deems appropriate, which may include consultation with an Independent 
Adviser, determines in its discretion (A) that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed 
and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (B) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer and subject to the Issuer 
having given notice thereof (including notice of the information referred to in (A) and (B) above) 
to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 16, without any requirement for the consent or approval of Subordinated Noteholders, 
use their reasonable endeavours to effect the necessary modifications to these Conditions, the 
Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement as may be required in order to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (including, inter alia, 
by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed and, if required, the 
Agency Agreement in a form which is acceptable to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent) 
and the Trustee and/or the Principal Paying Agent shall not be liable to any party for any 
consequences thereof and any Benchmark Amendments shall not increase the obligations or 
duties, or decrease the rights or protections, of the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee, as 
applicable, in these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement and/or the Trust Deed unless agreed 
in writing between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent or the Trustee, as applicable.
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this Condition 4.4(c), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are for the 
time being listed or admitted to trading.
In no event shall the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent or Agent Bank be responsible for 
determining if a Benchmark Event has occurred or any substitute for SOFR, or for making any 
adjustments to any alternative benchmark or spread thereon, the business day convention, interest 
determination dates or any other relevant methodology for calculating any such substitute or 
successor benchmark. In connection with the foregoing, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent 
and the Agent Bank will be entitled to conclusively rely on any determinations made by Issuer or 
its designee and will have no liability for such actions taken at the direction of the Issuer or its 
designee.
Any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 4.4(c) shall be notified promptly 
by the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Subordinated Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of such Benchmark Amendments.
(d)
Independent Adviser
In the event the Issuer is to consult with an Independent Adviser in connection with any 
determination to be made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.4 or Conditions 4.1 and 4.2(e) 
above, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon 
as reasonably practicable, for the purposes of any such consultation.

--- Page 209 ---
A51796379 
209
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.4 or Conditions 4.1 and 4.2(e) 
above shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and (in the absence of 
fraud or wilful default) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee or the 
Subordinated Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer 
in connection with any determination made by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.4 or 
Conditions 4.1 and 4.2(e) above or otherwise in connection with the Subordinated Notes.
If the Issuer consults with an Independent Adviser as to whether there is an Alternative Rate 
and/or any Adjustment Spread is required to be applied and/or in relation to the quantum of, or 
any formula or methodology for determining such Adjustment Spread and/or whether any 
Benchmark Amendments are necessary and/or in relation to the terms of any such Benchmark 
Amendments, a written determination of that Independent Adviser in respect thereof shall be 
conclusive and binding on all parties, save in the case of manifest error, and (in the absence of 
fraud or wilful default) the Issuer shall have no liability whatsoever to the Subordinated 
Noteholders in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, in relation to that matter in 
accordance with any such written determination.
No Independent Adviser appointed in connection with the Subordinated Notes (acting in such 
capacity), shall have any relationship of agency or trust with the Subordinated Noteholders.
(e)
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 4.4, the Original Reference 
Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Conditions 4.2, 4.3, the Agency Agreement and 
the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, will continue to apply unless and until the Issuer 
has determined the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), and any 
Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments, in accordance with the relevant provisions of 
this Condition 4.4.
(f)
Rating Event
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.4, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
will be adopted, nor any Adjustment Spread applied, nor will any Benchmark Amendments be 
made, if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be 
expected to result in a lower equity credit for the Subordinated Notes by any Rating Agency than 
the then respective equity credit assigned on the Issue Date, or if equity credit is not assigned to 
the Subordinated Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date when the 
equity credit is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time. 
(g)
Definitions
In this Condition 4.4:
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread, or the formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread and the spread resulting from such calculation, which spread may in either case be positive 
or negative and is to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
where the Original Reference Rate is replaced with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be);
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Issuer determines 
in accordance with this Condition 4.4 is used in place of the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of

--- Page 210 ---
A51796379 
210
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate interest period and in the 
same Specified Currency as the Subordinated Notes;
"Benchmark Event" means:
(i)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for at least five Business Days or 
ceasing to exist or be administered;
(ii)
the later of (A) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (B) the 
date falling six months prior to such specified date;
(iii)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued, is prohibited from being used or is no longer representative, or that its use 
is subject to restrictions or adverse consequences or, where such discontinuation, 
prohibition, loss of representativeness, restrictions or adverse consequences are to apply 
from a specified date after the making of any public statement to such effect, the later of 
the date of the making of such public statement and the date falling six months prior to 
such specified date; or
(iv)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, 
as applicable, become unlawful for the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or the Issuer 
to determine any Rate of Interest and/or calculate any Interest Amount using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 or 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of United Kingdom domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, if applicable).
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent adviser of recognised standing with appropriate experience appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) in respect of the Subordinated Notes (provided that if, 
following one or more Benchmark Events, such originally specified Reference Rate (or any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs in respect of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term Original Reference Rate shall include any such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate);
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):
(i)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(ii)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as

--- Page 211 ---
A51796379 
211
applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
5
OPTIONAL INTEREST DEFERRAL
5.1
Deferral of Payments
The Issuer may, at its sole discretion, elect to defer, in whole but not in part, payment of any amount of 
interest which is otherwise scheduled to be paid in respect of the Subordinated Notes on an Interest 
Payment Date (a "Deferred Interest Payment") by giving notice (a "Deferral Notice") of such election 
to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, the Trustee, the Registrar and the 
Paying Agents not less than 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date.
Subject to Condition 5.2, if the Issuer elects so to defer payment of any such amount of interest on an 
Interest Payment Date, then it will not have any obligation to pay any amount in respect of such interest 
on the relevant Interest Payment Date and any such non-payment of interest will not constitute an 
Enforcement Event (as defined in Condition 12) or any other breach of its obligations under the 
Subordinated Notes or any default or breach of obligation by the Issuer for any other purpose.
Voluntary payment of any amount in respect of the whole or any part of any Deferred Interest Payments 
("Arrears of Interest") may be made at the option of the Issuer at any time (the "Optional Deferred 
Interest Settlement Date") following delivery of a notice to such effect given by the Issuer to the 
Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16, the Trustee, the Registrar and the Paying 
Agents not less than 10 Business Days prior to the relevant Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date 
informing them of its election to so pay such Arrears of Interest, as well as specifying the amount of 
such Arrears of Interest to be so paid and the relevant Optional Deferred Interest Settlement Date.
Any Arrears of Interest shall not accrue or otherwise bear interest and the Issuer shall be under no 
obligation to make payment of any Arrears of Interest and the non-payment of any Arrears of Interest 
will not constitute an Enforcement Event (as defined in Condition 12) or any other breach of the Issuer's 
obligations under the Subordinated Notes or any default or breach of obligation by the Issuer for any 
other purpose, unless in each case such payment is required in accordance with Condition 5.2, which 
shall be the only circumstances in which any payment of Arrears of Interest shall be required to be made 
by the Issuer.
5.2
"Mandatory Settlement of Arrears of Interest"
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 5.1 relating to the ability of the Issuer to defer Interest 
Payments, the Issuer shall pay any outstanding Arrears of Interest, in whole and not in part, on the earliest 
of the following calendar days (each a "Mandatory Settlement Date") following the Interest Payment 
Date on which a Deferred Interest Payment first arose:
(a)
the calendar day falling 10 Business Days after the day on which a dividend, other distribution 
or other payment was validly resolved for payment on, declared, paid, or made in respect of 
Junior Obligations or Parity Obligations (except where such dividend, other distribution or 
payment was required in respect of any employee share scheme);
(b)
the calendar day falling 10 Business Days after the day on which the Issuer or any Subsidiary has 
redeemed, repurchased or otherwise acquired Junior Obligations or Parity Obligations (except 
where such redemption or repurchase was required in respect of any employee share scheme);

--- Page 212 ---
A51796379 
212
(c)
the calendar day on which the Subordinated Notes are redeemed;
(d)
the next Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer pays interest on the Subordinated Notes 
scheduled to be paid on such Interest Payment Date; or
(e)
the calendar day after an order is made for the winding-up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy 
of the Issuer (other than for the purposes of or pursuant to an amalgamation, reorganisation or 
restructuring while solvent, where the continuing entity assumes substantially all of the assets 
and obligations of the Issuer),
provided that (i) in the case of each of (a) and (b) above, no Mandatory Settlement Date shall occur if 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary is obliged under the terms and conditions of such Junior Obligations or 
Parity Obligations to make such payment, redemption, repurchase or other acquisition; and (ii) in the 
case of (b) above, no Mandatory Settlement Date shall occur if the Issuer or any Subsidiary repurchases 
or otherwise acquires any Parity Obligations in whole or in part in a public tender offer or public 
exchange offer at a purchase price per Parity Obligation below its par value. The Issuer shall promptly 
notify the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, the Trustee and, in accordance 
with Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders of any Mandatory Settlement Date.
6
PAYMENTS
6.1
Method of payment
Subject as provided below:
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an account 
in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Australian 
dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively); and
(b)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto.
6.2
Presentation of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes and Coupons
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender 
or in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes, 
and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes will (subject as provided 
below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender or in the case of part payment of 
any sum due, endorsement of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside 
the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the 
States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)).
Subordinated Notes in definitive bearer form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons

--- Page 213 ---
A51796379 
213
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons) upon the date on which any Subordinated Note in 
definitive bearer form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating 
thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange 
for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof.
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (to include another Talon for a further 
Coupon sheet, if appropriate) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 11).
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Subordinated Note is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Subordinated Note from (and including) the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against surrender of the relevant definitive Bearer Subordinated Note.
6.3
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Subordinated Notes
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Subordinated Notes represented by any Global 
Subordinated Note in bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified 
above in relation to definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the 
relevant Global Subordinated Note, where applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may 
be, of such Global Subordinated Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any 
payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Subordinated Note by the Paying Agent to which 
it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable.
6.4
Payments in respect of Registered Subordinated Notes
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Subordinated Note (whether or not in global form) 
will be made against presentation and surrender of the Registered Subordinated Note at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Subordinated Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Subordinated Notes 
maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) 
before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the 
specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. For these purposes, "Designated 
Account" means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, 
shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such 
in the Register and "Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other 
than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro.
Payments of interest (including Arrears of Interest (if any)) in respect of each Registered Subordinated 
Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account 
of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Subordinated Note appearing in the 
Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) 
where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day

--- Page 214 ---
A51796379 
214
is a business day) before the relevant due date (the "Record Date"). Payment of the interest due in 
respect of each Registered Subordinated Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as 
payment of the principal amount of such Registered Subordinated Note.
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any payments 
of principal or interest in respect of Registered Subordinated Notes.
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of 
the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the Registered 
Global Subordinated Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests.
6.5
General provisions applicable to payments
The holder of a Global Subordinated Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect 
of Subordinated Notes represented by such Global Subordinated Note and the Issuer will be discharged 
by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Subordinated Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Subordinated Notes represented by such Global 
Subordinated Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for 
their share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global 
Subordinated Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest in 
respect of Bearer Subordinated Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Subordinated Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying 
Agent in the United States if:
(a)
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Bearer Subordinated Notes in the manner provided above when due;
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States and other applicable law without involving, 
in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer.
6.6
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Subordinated Note or Coupon is not a Payment 
Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the 
relevant place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 11) is:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits):
(i)
in the case of Subordinated Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of 
presentation; and
(ii)
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 215 ---
A51796379 
215
(b)
if TARGET System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final Terms, 
a day on which the TARGET System is open; and
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET System 
is open.
6.7
Interpretation of principal and interest
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Subordinated Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable:
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 10 or 
under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution therefor, pursuant 
to the Trust Deed;
(b)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes.
Any reference in the Conditions to interest and Arrears of Interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to 
interest under Condition 10 or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed.
7
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE
7.1
Redemption at maturity
(a)
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Dated 
Subordinated Note will be redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.
(b)
Undated Subordinated Notes are perpetual subordinated notes in respect of which there is no 
fixed redemption date and the Undated Subordinated Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 3) in accordance with the following provisions of this 
Condition 7.
(c)
Subordinated Notes are not redeemable at the option of the Subordinated Noteholders at any time.
7.2
Issuer's Call Option
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 7.2 shall 
apply.
The Issuer may, having giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable 
and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all, but not some only, of the Subordinated 
Notes (a) if Issuer Call Period is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at any time 
during the Issuer Call Period so specified and (b) (i) on the First Reset Date, in the case of Fixed Rate

--- Page 216 ---
A51796379 
216
Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Fixed Reset Call Date thereafter; or (ii) on the Floating Rate 
Call Date, in the case of Floating Rate Subordinated Notes or any Interest Payment Date thereafter, in 
each case at their principal amount together with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption and any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer 
shall redeem the Subordinated Notes.
7.3
Redemption upon a Tax Deduction Event
If Tax Deduction Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 
7.3 shall apply.
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Tax Deduction Event has occurred, 
then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, 
the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and 
subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at
(a)
101 per cent. of their principal amount, where such redemption occurs prior to; or
(b)
their principal amount, where such redemption occurs on or after,
if Issuer Call Period is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer Call Period 
or, if Issuer Call Period is not so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Date, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or the Floating Rate Call Date, in the case of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes, and together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer 
shall redeem the Subordinated Notes.
A "Tax Deduction Event" has occurred if an opinion of a recognised law firm or accounting firm of 
international standing has been delivered to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar and the Principal Paying 
Agent, stating that by reason of a change in the law or regulation of the Tax Jurisdiction other than an 
Excluded Change, or any change in the official application or interpretation of such law or regulation, 
becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the tax regime of any payments under the Subordinated 
Notes is modified and such modification results in payments of interest payable by the Issuer in respect 
of the Subordinated Notes being no longer deductible for corporate income tax purposes in whole or in 
part, and such risk cannot be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer. 
"Excluded Change" means a change in the law or regulation of the Tax Jurisdiction that arises as a 
result of the implementation in the Taxing Jurisdiction of (i) the Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of 
14 December 2022 on ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational enterprise groups 
and large-scale domestic groups in the European Union or (ii) the model rules published by the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development as "Tax Challenges Arising from the 
Digitalisation of the Economy –Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar Two): Inclusive 
Framework on BEPS".
7.4
Redemption upon an Accounting Event
If Accounting Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 
7.4 shall apply.
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, an Accounting Event has occurred, 
then the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee,

--- Page 217 ---
A51796379 
217
the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and 
subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at:
(a)
101 per cent. of their principal amount, where such redemption occurs prior to; or
(b)
their principal amount, where such redemption occurs on or after,
if Issuer Call Period is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer Call Period 
or, if Issuer Call Period is not so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Date, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or the Floating Rate Call Date, in the case of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes, and together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer 
shall redeem the Subordinated Notes.
An "Accounting Event" has occurred if an accountancy firm of international standing, acting upon 
instructions of the Issuer, has delivered a letter or report to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar and the 
Principal Paying Agent, stating that as a result of a change in accounting principles (or the application 
thereof) since the Issue Date, the Subordinated Notes may not or may no longer be recorded as "equity" 
in the audited annual or the semi-annual consolidated financial statements of the Issuer pursuant to IFRS 
or any other accounting standards that may replace IFRS for the purposes of preparing the annual 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer.
For the purposes of these Conditions, "IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting Standards.
7.5
Redemption upon a Rating Event
If Rating Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 7.5 
shall apply.
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Rating Event has occurred, then the 
Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the 
Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and 
subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at:
(a)
101 per cent. of their principal amount, where such redemption occurs prior to; or
(b)
their principal amount, where such redemption occurs on or after,
if Issuer Call Period is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer Call Period 
or, if Issuer Call Period is not so specified as being applicable, the First Reset Date, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or the Floating Rate Call Date, in the case of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes, and together, in each case, with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) 
the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer 
shall redeem the Subordinated Notes.
A "Rating Event" has occurred if the Issuer has received, and has provided the Trustee, the Registrar 
and the Principal Paying Agent with a copy of, written confirmation from any Rating Agency from whom 
the Issuer is assigned Solicited Ratings either directly or via a publication by such Rating Agency, that

--- Page 218 ---
A51796379 
218
an amendment, clarification or change has occurred in the equity credit criteria of such Rating Agency 
effective after the Issue Date of the Subordinated Notes (or, if later, effective after the date when the 
equity credit is assigned to the Subordinated Notes by such Rating Agency for the first time), which 
amendment, clarification or change results in a lower equity credit for the Subordinated Notes than the 
then respective equity credit assigned on the Issue Date, or if equity credit is not assigned to the 
Subordinated Notes by the relevant Rating Agency on the Issue Date, at the date when the equity credit 
is assigned by such Rating Agency for the first time.
"Rating Agency" means any of the following rating agencies: S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited 
("S&P") or Moody's Investors Service Ltd ("Moody's") or any of their respective successors or any 
other rating agency of equivalent international standing specified from time to time by the Issuer.
"Solicited Ratings" means a rating assigned by a Rating Agency with whom the Issuer has a contractual 
relationship under which the Subordinated Notes are assigned a rating.
7.6
Redemption upon a Gross-up Event
If Gross-up Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 7.6 
shall apply.
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Gross-up Event has occurred, then 
the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the 
Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and 
subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate 
Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at their principal amount, together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears 
of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes.
A "Gross-up Event" has occurred if (i) an opinion of a recognised law firm or accounting firm of 
international standing has been delivered to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Registrar and the Principal Paying 
Agent, stating that, by reason of any change in the law or regulation of the Tax Jurisdiction, or the official 
application or interpretation of such law or regulation in respect of the Issuer affecting taxation or the 
obligation to pay duties of any kind, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date, the Issuer is required 
to pay additional amounts on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date, and (ii) this obligation cannot 
be avoided by the use of reasonable measures available to the Issuer. However, no such notice of early 
redemption due to the occurrence of a Gross-up Event may be given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the 
earliest date on which the Issuer would be obligated to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Subordinated Notes was then due, or (ii) if at the time such notice is given, such obligation 
to pay such additional amounts does not remain in effect.
7.7
Redemption upon a Repurchase Event
If Repurchase Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this Condition 
7.7 shall apply.
If, immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, a Repurchase Event has occurred, then 
the Issuer may, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the 
Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) and 
subject to Condition 9, redeem in accordance with these Conditions at any time, in the case of Fixed 
Rate Resettable Subordinated Notes, or on any Interest Payment Date, in the case of Floating Rate

--- Page 219 ---
A51796379 
219
Subordinated Notes, all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at their principal amount, together 
with any accrued and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears 
of Interest. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes.
A "Repurchase Event" has occurred if 75 per cent. or more of the originally issued aggregate principal 
amount of the Subordinated Notes (including any further issues pursuant to Condition 19) have been 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer or any Subsidiary pursuant to the provisions of this 
Condition 7.
7.8
Redemption for Change of Control Event
If Change of Control Event is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this 
Condition 7.8 shall apply.
If a Change of Control Event has occurred, the Issuer will fix the Change of Control Effective Date and 
give notice of the Change of Control Event and the Change of Control Effective Date within 7 calendar 
days following the Change of Control Event (the "Change of Control Notice"). The Issuer may, subject 
to having given not less than 45 days' notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent 
after publication of the Change of Control Notice and, in accordance with Condition 16, the 
Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Change of Control 
Effective Date), redeem in accordance with these Conditions on the Change of Control Effective Date 
all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes at their principal amount, together with any accrued 
and unpaid interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption and any remaining Arrears of Interest. 
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall redeem the Subordinated Notes.
A "Change of Control Event" occurs when a person or persons (in each case, other than Edolaxia Group 
Limited), acting together, acquire Control of the Issuer (a "Change of Control"), and immediately prior 
to the commencement of the Change of Control Period, the Issuer carries (with the agreement of the 
Issuer) from any Rating Agency: (x) an investment grade credit rating (Baa3 by Moody's, BBB- by S&P, 
BBB- by Fitch, or equivalent, or better), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change 
of Control Period either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1 by Moody's, BB+ by 
S&P, BB+ by Fitch or equivalent, or worse) or withdrawn and is not within such Change of Control 
Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to an investment grade credit rating by such 
Rating Agency or (in the case of withdrawal) replaced by an investment grade credit rating from any 
other Rating Agency; or (y) a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1 by Moody's, BB+ by S&P, BB+ 
by Fitch or equivalent, or worse), and such rating from any Rating Agency is within such Change of 
Control Period downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 being one notch) and 
is not within such Change of Control Period subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better 
by such Rating Agency, provided that if, immediately prior to the commencement of the Change of 
Control Period, the Issuer carries (with the agreement of the Issuer) a rating from more than one Rating 
Agency, at least one of which is investment grade, then subparagraph (x) will apply; and in making the 
relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in 
writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change 
of Control. If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from those which are 
described in this Condition, the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of the Rating Agency (as 
appropriate) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of the Rating Agency and this 
Condition shall be read accordingly.
"Control" means (i) the acquisition or control of more than 50 per cent. of the Voting Rights of the 
Issuer; or (ii) the right to appoint and/or remove all or the majority of the members of the Issuer's board 
of directors or other governing body, in each case, whether obtained directly or indirectly, and whether

--- Page 220 ---
A51796379 
220
obtained by the ownership of Share Capital, by the possession of Voting Rights, by contract, trust or 
otherwise.
"Change of Control Effective Date" means the date fixed by the Issuer in the Change of Control Notice, 
which:
(i)
must be a Business Day;
(ii)
must fall not less than 45 days and not more than 60 days after publication of the Change of 
Control Notice; and
(iii)
must, if at the relevant time any Qualifying Debt Securities are outstanding, be at least one day 
after the date on which a put notice of the holders of the Qualifying Debt Securities due to the 
Change of Control (or a similar concept) becomes effective.
"Change of Control Period" means the period (i) commencing on the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control, and (ii) ending on the date which is 120 days after the 
date on which the relevant Change of Control occurs.
"Qualifying Debt Securities" means any current or future indebtedness that:
(i)
is in the form of, or represented by, a certificate of indebtedness or notes or other securities which 
are or are capable of being quoted, listed, dealt in or traded on a stock exchange or other 
recognised securities market, including Schuldschein (whether or not initially distributed by way 
of private placement);
(ii)
is either issued directly by the Issuer or indirectly by any other entity and benefits from a 
guarantee of the Issuer;
(iii)
is not subordinated; and
(iv)
benefits from a rating from a Rating Agency.
7.9
Purchases
The Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Subordinated Notes (provided that, 
in the case of definitive Bearer Subordinated Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Subordinated Notes 
may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the 
Registrar for cancellation.
7.10
Cancellation
All Subordinated Notes which are redeemed or substituted by the Issuer will forthwith be cancelled 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time 
of redemption). All Subordinated Notes so cancelled and any Subordinated Notes purchased and 
cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 above (together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled 
therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot be reissued or resold.
8
SUBSTITUTION OR VARIATION
If a Tax Deduction Event, an Accounting Event, a Rating Event or a Gross-up Event (subject to any such event 
being specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) (each a "Substitution or Variation Event") has 
occurred, then the Issuer may, subject to Condition 9 (without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders) and subject to its having satisfied the Trustee immediately 
prior to the giving of any notice referred to herein that the provisions of this Condition 8 have been complied

--- Page 221 ---
A51796379 
221
with, and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16, the Subordinated Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at any time either:
(a)
substitute all, but not some only, of the Subordinated Notes for Qualifying Subordinated Notes; or
(b)
vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes with the effect that they remain or become (as the case may 
be), Qualifying Subordinated Notes,
and the Trustee shall (subject to the following provisions of this Condition 8 and subject to the receipt by it of 
the certificate of two members of the board of directors of the Issuer referred to in Condition 9) agree to such 
substitution or variation.
Upon expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall either vary the terms of or, as the case may be, substitute the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with this Condition 8.
The Trustee shall, at the expense of the Issuer, use reasonable endeavours to assist the Issuer in the substitution 
of the Subordinated Notes for, or the variation of the terms of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain, or as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged to 
participate in, or assist with, any such substitution or variation if the terms of the proposed Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes or the participation in or assistance with such substitution or variation would impose, in 
the Trustee's opinion, more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to liabilities or reduce its protections. If the 
Trustee does not participate or assist as provided above, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes as 
provided in Condition 7.
In connection with any substitution or variation in accordance with this Condition 8, the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed or admitted 
to trading.
Any such substitution or variation in accordance with the foregoing provisions following a Substitution or 
Variation Event shall only be permitted if it does not give rise to any other Substitution or Variation Event with 
respect to the Qualifying Subordinated Notes.
Any such substitution or variation in accordance with the foregoing provisions following a Substitution or 
Variation Event shall only be permitted if it does not result in the Qualifying Subordinated Notes no longer 
being eligible for the same, or a higher amount of, "equity credit" (or such other nomenclature that the Rating 
Agency may then use to describe the degree to which an instrument exhibits the characteristics of an ordinary 
share) as is attributed to the Subordinated Notes on the date notice is given to Subordinated Noteholders of the 
substitution or variation.
In these Conditions:
"Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means subordinated notes that:
(a)
are issued by the Issuer or any wholly-owned direct or indirect finance subsidiary of the Issuer with a 
guarantee of such obligations by the Issuer;
(b)
rank and (save in the case of a direct issue by the Issuer) benefit from a guarantee that ranks in relation 
to the obligations of the Issuer under such subordinated notes and/or such guarantee (as the case may 
be), equally with the Subordinated Notes and pari passu in a winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer with 
any Parity Obligations;

--- Page 222 ---
A51796379 
222
(c)
contain terms not materially less favourable to Subordinated Noteholders than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes (as reasonably determined by the Issuer) and which:
(i)
provide for the same Rate of Interest from time to time as applied to the Subordinated Notes 
immediately prior to such substitution or variation and preserve the same Interest Payment Dates;
(ii)
preserve the obligations (including the obligations arising from the exercise of any right) of the 
Issuer as to principal and as to redemption of the Subordinated Notes, including (without 
limitation) as to timing of, and amounts payable upon, such redemption;
(iii)
preserve any existing rights under these Conditions to any accrued interest, any Deferred Interest 
Payments, any Arrears of Interest and any other amounts payable under the Subordinated Notes 
which, in each case, has accrued to Subordinated Noteholders and not been paid;
(iv)
do not provide for the mandatory deferral or cancellation of payments of interest and/or principal;
(v)
do not provide for loss absorption through principal write down or conversion to ordinary shares; 
and
(vi)
may include a feature which contains a term for the mandatory repayment of such subordinated 
notes on a specified date which shall not be earlier than the next following date on which the 
Subordinated Notes may otherwise be redeemed under Condition 7.2 (and the inclusion of such 
feature shall be deemed not to be materially less favourable to Subordinated Noteholders as 
compared with the terms of the Subordinated Notes);
(d)
are (i) listed on the official list of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading on its regulated market or (ii) 
listed on such other internationally recognised exchange platform in an OECD country as is selected by 
the Issuer and approved by the Trustee; and
(e)
will, immediately after such substitution or variation, be assigned at least the same credit rating(s) by 
the same Rating Agencies as may have been assigned to the Subordinated Notes at the invitation of the 
Issuer immediately prior to such substitution or variation.
9
PRECONDITIONS TO TAX DEDUCTION EVENT, ACCOUNTING EVENT, RATING 
EVENT, GROSS-UP EVENT, REPURCHASE EVENT, SUBSTITUTION AND VARIATION
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to Conditions 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7 or any notice 
of substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee:
(a)
a certificate signed by two members of the board of directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred. In relation to a substitution or variation 
pursuant to Condition 8, such certificate shall also include further certifications that the criteria specified 
in paragraphs (a) to (e) of the definition of Qualifying Subordinated Notes will be satisfied by the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes upon issue and that such determinations were reached by the Issuer in 
consultation with an independent investment bank of international repute, an independent financial 
adviser with appropriate expertise or independent counsel of recognised standing;
(b)
in the case of a substitution or variation pursuant to Condition 8 only, an opinion from independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing confirming:
(i)
that the Issuer has capacity to assume all rights and obligations under the Qualifying Subordinated 
Notes and has obtained all necessary corporate or governmental authorisation to assume all such 
rights and obligations (either as primary debtor or as a guarantor of a wholly-owned direct or

--- Page 223 ---
A51796379 
223
indirect finance subsidiary of the Issuer that assumes the role of primary debtor in respect of the 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes) and, in the case of a wholly-owned direct or indirect finance 
subsidiary of the Issuer that assumes the role of primary debtor in respect of the Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, that such finance subsidiary has capacity to assume all rights and obligations 
under the Qualifying Subordinated Notes and has obtained all necessary corporate or 
governmental authorisation to assume all such rights and obligations; and
(ii)
the legality, validity and enforceability of the Qualifying Subordinated Notes,
and the Trustee may rely absolutely upon and shall be entitled to accept such certificate and any 
such opinions without any liability to any person for so doing and without any further inquiry as 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in such paragraphs in 
which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Subordinated Noteholders.
The Trustee is under no obligation to ascertain whether any Tax Deduction Event, Accounting Event, Rating 
Event, Gross-up Event, Repurchase Event, Change of Control Event or Change of Control or any event which 
could lead to the occurrence of, or could constitute, any such Tax Deduction Event, Accounting Event, Rating 
Event, Gross-up Event, Repurchase Event, Change of Control Event or Change of Control, has occurred and, 
until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee 
may assume that no such Tax Deduction Event, Accounting Event, Rating Event, Gross-up Event, Repurchase 
Event, Change of Control Event or Change of Control or such other event has occurred.
10
TAXATION
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties 
of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary 
in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Subordinated Notes or Coupons after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise 
have been receivable in respect of the Subordinated Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Subordinated Note or Coupon:
(a)
presented for payment in Luxembourg; or
(b)
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Subordinated Note or Coupon by 
reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such 
Subordinated Note or Coupon; or
(c)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to the extent 
that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting the same for 
payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 
6.6).
As used herein:
(i)
"Tax Jurisdiction" means Luxembourg or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax; and
(ii)
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the full 
amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full

--- Page 224 ---
A51796379 
224
amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Subordinated 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16.
11
PRESCRIPTION
The Subordinated Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years 
(in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 10) therefor.
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim for 
payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 11 or Condition 6.2 or any Talon which 
would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2.
12
ENFORCEMENT
12.1
Proceedings
If a default is made by the Issuer in the payment of any principal or any interest (including any Arrears 
of Interest) when due in respect of the Subordinated Notes or any of them and the default continues for 
a period of 30 days (an "Enforcement Event"), then the Issuer shall without notice from the Trustee be 
deemed to be in default under the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons and the Trustee 
at its sole discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the Subordinated Noteholders of at least 51 
per cent. in principal amount of the Subordinated Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject to Condition 12.3), institute proceedings for the winding-up of 
the Issuer.
Subject to the next paragraph, in the event of a winding-up of the Issuer, (whether instituted by the 
Trustee as aforesaid or otherwise), any Subordinated Notes will become immediately due and payable 
at their principal amount together with all accrued and unpaid interest in respect thereof, and the Trustee 
may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 51 per cent. in principal amount of the 
Subordinated Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall (subject to 
Condition 12.3), prove and/or claim in such winding-up in respect of the Subordinated Notes, such claim 
being for such amount, and being subordinated in such manner, as is provided under Condition 3.
A "winding-up" includes, without limitation, any procedure or proceeding in relation to an entity 
becoming bankrupt (faillite), insolvency, voluntary or judicial liquidation, composition with creditors 
(concordat préventif de la faillite), moratorium or reprieve from payment (sursis de paiement), 
controlled management (gestion contrôlée), general settlement with creditors, reorganisation or any 
other similar proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally under Luxembourg law, and shall be 
construed so as to include any equivalent or analogous liquidation or reorganisation proceedings.
12.2
Enforcement
The Trustee may at its discretion (subject to Condition 12.3) and without further notice institute such 
proceedings or take such steps or actions against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce any term or 
condition binding on the Issuer under the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons but in no 
event shall the Issuer, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, steps or actions, be obliged to 
pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it.
12.3
Entitlement of the Trustee
The Trustee shall not be bound to take any of the actions referred to in Condition 12.1 or 12.2 above to 
enforce the terms of the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes or any other action or step under or pursuant 
to the Trust Deed or the Subordinated Notes unless (i) it shall have been so requested by an Extraordinary

--- Page 225 ---
A51796379 
225
Resolution of the Subordinated Noteholders or in writing by the holders of at least 51 per cent. in 
principal amount of the Subordinated Notes then outstanding and (ii) it shall have been indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction.
12.4
Right of Subordinated Noteholders
No Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or 
to institute proceedings for the winding-up or claim in the liquidation of the Issuer or to prove in such 
winding-up unless the Trustee, having become so bound to proceed, institute, prove or claim, (i) fails to 
do so within 60 days or (ii) is unable for any reason so to do, and such failure or inability shall be 
continuing, in which case the Subordinated Noteholder shall have only such rights in respect of its 
Subordinated Notes against the Issuer as those which the Trustee is entitled to exercise in respect of such 
Subordinated Notes as set out in this Condition 12.
12.5
Extent of Subordinated Noteholders' remedy
No remedy against the Issuer, other than as referred to in this Condition 12 shall be available to the 
Trustee, the Subordinated Noteholders or the Couponholders, whether for the recovery of amounts 
owing in respect of the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or under the Trust Deed or in respect of any 
other breach by the Issuer of any of its other obligations under or in respect of the Subordinated Notes, 
the Coupons or under the Trust Deed.
Nothing in this Condition 12 shall affect or prejudice the payment of the costs, charges, expenses, 
liabilities or remuneration of the Trustee or Agents or the rights and remedies of the Trustee or the Agents 
in respect thereof.
13
REPLACEMENT OF SUBORDINATED NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS
Should any Subordinated Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Subordinated Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity 
as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Subordinated Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued.
14
AGENTS
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any 
Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the appointment of 
any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through 
which any Agent acts, provided that:
(a)
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;
(b)
so long as the Subordinated Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Subordinated Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Subordinated Notes) with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority;
(c)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in 
which the Issuer is incorporated; and

--- Page 226 ---
A51796379 
226
(d)
whenever a function expressed in these Conditions to be performed by the Agent Bank or by the 
Reference Banks fails to be performed, the Issuer will appoint and (for so long as such function is 
required to be performed) there will at all times be an Agent Bank and/or, as appropriate, Reference 
Banks.
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in Condition 6.5. Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in 
Paying Agents will be given to the Subordinated Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 16. If any of the Registrar, the Agent Bank or the Principal Paying Agent is unable or unwilling to 
act as such or if it fails to make a determination or calculation or otherwise fails to perform its duties under 
these Conditions or the Agency Agreement (as the case may be), the Issuer shall appoint, an independent 
financial institution to act as such in its place. All calculations and determinations made by the Agent Bank or 
the Principal Paying Agent in relation to the Subordinated Notes shall (save in the case of manifest error) be 
final and binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the other Agents and the Subordinated Noteholders.
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain circumstances 
specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, 
any Subordinated Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any 
entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all 
or substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent.
15
EXCHANGE OF TALONS
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons 
to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Subordinated Note to which it 
appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 11.
16
NOTICES
All notices regarding the Bearer Subordinated Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such publication in 
a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which 
the Bearer Subordinated Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading. 
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If 
publication as provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed 
to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve.
All notices regarding the Registered Subordinated Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at their 
respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth day after 
mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Subordinated Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required 
by those rules.
Until such time as any definitive Subordinated Notes are issued, and for so long as any Global Subordinated 
Notes representing the Subordinated Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream,

--- Page 227 ---
A51796379 
227
Luxembourg, in lieu of such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing, the delivery of the relevant 
notice may be arranged through the systems of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication 
by them to the holders of the Subordinated Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Subordinated Notes are 
listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock 
exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in the place or places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given 
to the holders of the Subordinated Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Notices to be given by any Subordinated Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Subordinated Note in definitive form) with the relative Subordinated Note or Subordinated 
Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Subordinated Notes) or the Registrar (in the case 
of Registered Subordinated Notes). Whilst any of the Subordinated Notes are represented by a Global 
Subordinated Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Subordinated Note to the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner 
as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, may approve for this purpose.
17
MEETINGS OF SUBORDINATED NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND 
SUBSTITUTION
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Subordinated Noteholders (including by way 
of conference call or by use of a videoconference platform) to consider any matter affecting their interests, 
including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Subordinated Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer or the 
Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Subordinated Noteholders holding not less 
than five per cent. in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being remaining outstanding.
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or 
representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Subordinated Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons or 
the Trust Deed (including modifying any redemption date of the Subordinated Notes, reducing or cancelling 
the nominal amount payable upon redemption, reducing or cancelling the amount payable or modifying any 
date for payment of interest or the method of calculating the rate thereon and altering the currency of payment 
of the Subordinated Notes or the Coupons in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-
quarter in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding.
The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with 
the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a 
resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of 
the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents 
through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of 
not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the Subordinated Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, 
in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Subordinated Noteholders. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed by the Subordinated Noteholders will be binding on all the Subordinated Noteholders,

--- Page 228 ---
A51796379 
228
whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all 
Couponholders.
The agreement or approval of the Subordinated Noteholders shall not be required in the case of any variation 
of the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons or the Trust Deed which is required to be made in the circumstances 
described in Condition 8 in connection with the substitution or variation of the terms of the Subordinated Notes 
so that they become Qualifying Subordinated Notes under Condition 8.
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of 
the Subordinated Notes or the Trust Deed where it is not, in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Subordinated Noteholders so to do or may agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to 
any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error or an error which, 
in the opinion of the Trustee, is proven. Any such modification shall be binding on the Subordinated Noteholders 
and the Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Subordinated Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 as soon as practicable thereafter.
In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to agree to such modifications to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement 
and these Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to Conditions 4.4(c) and 4.2(b)(iv) in connection 
with effecting any (i) Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or (ii) changes to the 
definitions of Business Day, Business Day Convention, Compounded Daily SOFR, Day Count Fraction, Interest 
Determination Date, Interest Payment Date, Interest Period, SOFR Observation Period, SOFR Reference Rate 
or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, or, in each case, any related changes referred to in Conditions 
4.4(c) and 4.2(b)(iv), respectively, without the requirement for the consent or sanction of the Subordinated 
Noteholders or Couponholders.
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions (including, without 
limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation or determination), the Trustee shall have regard to the general 
interests of the Subordinated Noteholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders whatever their number) and, 
in particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual 
Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory 
or any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Subordinated 
Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon individual 
Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 10 and/or 
any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, Condition 10 pursuant to the Trust Deed.
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders, agree with the Issuer to the substitution 
in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the principal debtor under the 
Subordinated Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being (A) a Subsidiary of the Issuer; 
or (B) any Successor in Business, in each case, subject to (i) (except in the case of a Successor in Business) the 
Subordinated Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer, (ii) the Trustee being 
satisfied that the interests of the Subordinated Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution 
and (iii) certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with including that none of the early 
redemption events specified in Conditions 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 or 7.6 occurs as a consequence of the substitution of the 
Issuer.
The Trustee shall (at the request of the Issuer) agree with the Issuer, and without the consent of the Subordinated 
Noteholders, to the substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition) as the

--- Page 229 ---
A51796379 
229
principal debtor under the Subordinated Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of another company, being a 
HoldCo, subject to certain conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with including that none of the 
early redemption events specified in Conditions 7.3, 7.4, 7.5 or 7.6 occurs as a consequence of the substitution 
of the Issuer but without any requirement for the Trustee to be satisfied that the interests of the Subordinated 
Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced by the substitution. Any such substitution shall be binding on the 
Subordinated Noteholders and Couponholders.
As used herein:
"HoldCo" means any corporation, partnership, company or other enterprise which directly or indirectly holds 
in the aggregate more than 50 per cent. of the Share Capital or the Voting Rights in the Issuer.
"Successor in Business" means:
(a)
any consolidation, amalgamation or merger of the Issuer with any other corporation (other than a 
consolidation, amalgamation or merger in which the Issuer is the continuing corporation); or
(b)
any sale or transfer of all, or substantially all, of the assets of the Issuer to another entity (whether by 
operation of law or otherwise).
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Luxembourg law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies, 
as amended (the "Companies Law") shall not apply.
18
INDEMNIFICATION OF THE TRUSTEE AND TRUSTEE CONTRACTING WITH THE 
ISSUER
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility, 
including provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction.
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to enter into 
business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any 
other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise 
and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any such 
transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, 
the Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account for any profit 
made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith.
19
FURTHER ISSUES
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further Subordinated Notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Subordinated Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Subordinated Notes.
20
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Subordinated Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available apart from that Act.

--- Page 230 ---
A51796379 
230
21
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION
21.1
Governing law
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Subordinated Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the 
Subordinated Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law 
save for the provisions contained in Condition 3 which shall be governed by Luxembourg law.
The provisions of articles 470-3 to 470-19 of the Companies Law shall not apply.
21.2
Submission to jurisdiction
(a)
Subject to Condition 21.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes and/or the 
Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach 
or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Subordinated Notes and/or 
the Coupons (a "Dispute") and accordingly each of the Issuer and the Trustee and any 
Subordinated Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts.
(b)
For the purposes of this Condition 21.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English courts on 
the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.
(c)
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Subordinated Noteholders and the Couponholders 
may, in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
21.3
Appointment of Process Agent
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services Limited at 8th Floor, 100 
Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AG, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Law Debenture 
Corporate Services Limited being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately 
appoint another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect 
of any Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not 
invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted 
by law.
21.4
Other documents
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 231 ---
A51796379 
231
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes, 
which include making a profit. If, in respect of an issue of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, 
this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 232 ---
A51796379 
232
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
Formation, Incorporation, Registered Office, Commercial Name, Financial Year
Grand City Properties S.A. was incorporated on 16 December 2011, as a public limited liability company 
(société anonyme) pursuant to, and governed by, the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, including the 
law of 10 August 1915 on commercial companies as amended from time to time (the "Companies Act 1915"), 
for an unlimited duration under the legal and commercial name Grand City Properties S.A.. The Issuer is 
registered with the Luxembourg Register of Trade and Companies (Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés 
Luxembourg) (the "RCSL") under number B165560. The articles of association of the Issuer (the "Articles of 
Association") were published in the official gazette of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, Mémorial C, Recueil 
des Sociétés et Associations (the "Mémorial"), number 287 on 2 February 2012. The Articles of Association 
were last amended on 29 June 2022. The Issuer has its registered office at 37, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The telephone number of the Issuer's registered office is +352 287 
787 86.
The commencement of trading on the regulated market of Frankfurt Stock Exchange (Frankfurter 
Wertpapierbörse) with simultaneous admission to the sub-segment of the regulated market with additional post-
admission obligations (Prime Standard) of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange took place on 9 May 2017.
The financial year of the Issuer is the calendar year.
Corporate Purpose
As provided for in Article 3 of the Articles of Association the purpose of the Issuer is the acquisition, sale, 
administration, and renting of any real estate property, both in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and abroad.
It may further acquire through contribution, firm purchases or options, patents, service marks, trademarks 
licenses, know-how and other industrial, commercial or intellectual property rights and generally hold, license 
the right to use it, sublicense, sell or dispose of the same, into whole or in part, for such consideration as the 
Issuer may think fit, and to subcontract the management and development of those rights, trademarks and 
licenses and to obtain and make any registration required in this respect.
The Issuer can also take whatever action necessary to protect rights derived from patents, trademarks, service 
marks, licenses, know-how and other industrial, commercial or intellectual property rights, licenses, sublicenses 
and similar rights against infringement by third party. The Issuer can furthermore provide or cause to provide 
know how, development consulting advice and operating services, promotion, representation and all operations 
of such nature. The Issuer may make any transactions pertaining directly or indirectly to the taking of 
participating interests in any enterprises in whatever form, as well as the administration, the management, the 
control and the development of such participating interests. It may participate in the creation, development, 
management and control of any company or enterprise.
The Issuer may borrow in any form whatever. The Issuer may grant the companies of the Group or to its 
shareholders, any support, loans, advances or guarantees, within the limits of the Companies Act 1915. Within 
the limits of its activity, the Issuer can grant mortgage, contract loans, with or without guarantee, and stand 
security for other persons or companies, within the limits of the concerning legal dispositions. The Issuer may 
take any measure to safeguard its rights and make any transactions whatsoever which are directly or indirectly 
connected with its purposes and which are liable to promote its development or extension.

--- Page 233 ---
A51796379 
233
Group Structure
The Issuer is the holding company of the GCP Group, which consists of more than 850 companies in 
Luxembourg, Cyprus, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK, Denmark, and certain other jurisdictions, of which 
circa 260 are German companies. Its primary role within the GCP Group is to function as a management and 
finance holding company. The business (with respect to the GCP Group's property portfolio) is conducted 
primarily by the subsidiaries of the GCP Group.
The chart below shows the current structure of the GCP Group in a simplified form without holding percentages.
MANAGEMENT, BODIES AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Management Structure
The management of the Issuer is administered and managed by a board of directors (the "Board of Directors"; 
each member of the Board of Directors, a "Director"). The Board of Directors is vested with the broadest 
powers to perform all acts of administration and disposition in the Issuer's interest. All powers not expressly 
reserved by the Companies Act 1915 or the Articles of Association to the general meeting of the Issuer's 
shareholders fall within the competence of the Board of Directors.
The daily management of the Issuer as well as the representation of the Issuer in relation to this management 
may be delegated to one or more directors, officers, managers or other agents, associate or not, acting alone or 
jointly (the "Daily Manager"). The nomination, revocation and powers of the Daily Manager shall be 
determined by the Board of Directors. Mr. Refael Zamir and Mr. Idan Hadad have been appointed as Daily 
Managers of the Issuer by the Board of Directors as of 24 September 2020 and 23 January 2023, respectively 
(for further details see "Senior Management").
The Board of Directors shall choose amongst the Directors a chairman and may choose one vice-chairperson. 
It may also choose a secretary who need not be a member of the Board of Directors. The chairman of the Board 
of Directors shall have a casting vote.
The shareholders shall determine the number and remuneration of the Directors and the term of their office.
The Directors of the Issuer shall be elected by the general meeting of the Issuer's shareholders for a term not 
exceeding six years and shall be eligible for re-election upon the expiry of that term. The Directors may be 
dismissed with or without any cause at any time and at the sole discretion of the general meeting of the Issuer's 
shareholders.
Grand City Properties S.A 
Cypriot and Luxembourg Sub-
holding Companies 
Luxembourg and UK Sub-
holding Companies 
Dutch Sub-holding 
Companies 
German, Luxembourg, UK, 
and Danish Property 
Companies 
UK Property Companies 
German and UK Property 
Companies

--- Page 234 ---
A51796379 
234
In the event of a vacancy in the office of a Director because of death, retirement or otherwise, the remaining 
Directors may co-opt, by a majority vote, a Director to fill such vacancy until the next general meeting of the 
Issuer's shareholders (co-optation).
Members of the Board of Directors
The following table sets out information with respect to each of the members of the Board of Directors and 
their positions within the Issuer at the date of this Offering Circular.
Name
Position
Mr. Christian Windfuhr
Executive Director and Chairman 
Mrs. Simone Runge-Brandner
Independent Director
Mr. Markus Leininger
Independent Director
The business address of the Directors is at 37, Boulevard Joseph II, L-1840 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg.
There are no family relationships between any of the members of the Board of Directors and/or members of the 
Senior Management.
To the knowledge of the Issuer, the members of the Board of Directors have not been convicted of a fraudulent 
offence in the past five years, nor have they been prohibited by a court ruling or by an enforceable ruling of an 
administrative authority from exercising an occupation, a profession, a trade or a line of trade. To the knowledge 
of the Issuer, no bankruptcies, receiverships, insolvency proceedings or any similar proceedings have been 
opened against any of the members of the Board of Directors within the past five years. To the knowledge of 
the Issuer, no member of the Board of Directors was subject to official public incriminations and/or sanctions 
by statutory or regulatory authorities (including designated professional bodies) nor has any member of the 
Board of Directors been disqualified by a court from acting as a member of the administrative, management or 
supervisory bodies of an issuer or from acting in the management or conduct of the affairs of any issuer for the 
previous five years.
The Issuer's most recent annual general meeting of shareholders ("AGM") was held on 28 June 2023.
Conflict of Interests of the Members of the Board of Directors
The members of the Board of Directors have no potential conflict of interests between any duties to the GCP 
Group and their personal interests or other duties, save for Mrs. Simone Runge-Brandner and Mr. Markus 
Leininger, where their respective ongoing mandates as independent members of the board of directors of 
Aroundtown may, under certain circumstances, lead to a potential conflict of interest with their duties as 
independent members of the Board of Directors, since Aroundtown controls the GCP Group. The ongoing 
mandates of the other members of the Board of Directors do not lead to any potential conflict of interests of the 
respective members of the Board of Directors as the relevant entities are neither shareholders of the Issuer nor 
do they have any business relationships with the Issuer or the Group.
Senior Management
Senior Management
The following table sets out information with respect to the senior management of the Issuer, as of the date of 
the Offering Circular:
Name
Position

--- Page 235 ---
A51796379 
235
Mr. Refael Zamir
Chief Executive Officer (CEO)
Mr. Idan Hadad
Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
The main business address of the CEO and CFO is at Wittestraße 30, Haus F, 13509 Berlin, Germany.
There are no family relationships between the members of the senior management and the members of the 
Board of Directors.
To the knowledge of the Issuer, the members of the senior management have not been convicted of a fraudulent 
offence in the past five years, nor have they been prohibited by a court ruling or by an enforceable ruling of an 
administrative authority from exercising an occupation, a profession, a trade or a line of trade. To the knowledge 
of the Issuer, no bankruptcies, receiverships, insolvency proceedings or any similar proceedings have been 
opened against any member of the senior management within the past five years. To the knowledge of the Issuer, 
the members of the senior management have not been subject to official public incriminations and/or sanctions 
by statutory or regulatory authorities (including designated professional bodies) nor have they been disqualified 
by a court from acting as a member of the administrative, management or supervisory bodies of an issuer or 
from acting in the management or conduct of the affairs of any issuer for the previous five years.
There are no arrangements or understandings with major shareholders, customers, suppliers or others with 
respect to the appointment of Mr. Refael Zamir or Mr. Idan Hadad.
Conflicts of Interests
Neither Mr. Refael Zamir nor Mr. Idan Hadad have potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the 
Issuer and their private interest or other duties.
Advisory Board
The Board of Directors has established an advisory board by a resolution adopted on 23 April 2013. The task 
of the advisory board is to provide expert advice and assistance to the Board of Directors. The Board of 
Directors decides on the composition, tasks and term of the advisory board as well as the appointment and 
dismissal of its members. The advisory board has no statutory powers under the Companies Act 1915 or the 
Articles of Association, but applies rules which have been adopted by the Board of Directors. However, the 
Issuer considers the advisory board to be an important source of guidance for the Board of Directors when 
making strategic decisions, raising capital and in fostering contact with the business community, governmental 
authorities, financial institutions, analysts, and investors. The current members of the advisory board are as 
follows:
Name
Position
Mr. Yakir Gabay
Chairman
Mr. David Maimon
Member
Mr. Claudio Jarczyk
Member
Audit Committee
By resolution adopted on 14 May 2013, the Board of Directors established an audit committee. The members 
of the audit committee are the independent directors Mrs. Simone Runge-Brandner and Mr. Markus Leininger. 
The audit committee operates on the basis that the Board of Directors decides on the composition, tasks and 
term of the audit committee as well as the appointment and dismissal of its members. The audit committee of 
the Issuer has no statutory powers under the Companies Act 1915 or the Articles of Association, but applies 
rules which have been adopted by the Board of Directors. The Issuer considers the establishment of the audit 
committee an important element in ensuring that the Group's accounting processes and the preparation of its

--- Page 236 ---
A51796379 
236
financial statements are adequate. The responsibilities of the audit committee relate to the integrity of the 
financial statements, including reporting to the Board of Directors on its activities and the adequacy of internal 
systems controlling the financial reporting processes and monitoring the accounting processes. The audit 
committee provides guidance to the Board of Directors on the auditing of the annual financial statements of the 
Issuer and, in particular, monitors the independence of the auditor, the additional services rendered by the 
auditor, the issuing of the audit mandate to the auditor, the determination of auditing focal points and the fee 
agreement with the auditor.
Risk Committee
By resolution adopted on 12 November 2014, the Board of Directors established a risk committee. The members 
of the risk committee are Mrs. Simone Runge-Brandner and Mr. Markus Leininger. The Board of Directors 
decides on the composition, tasks and term of the risk committee as well as the appointment and dismissal of 
its members. The risk committee was established for assisting and providing expert advice to the Board of 
Directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities relating to the different types of risks, recommend a risk 
management structure including its organisation and its process as well as assess and monitor effectiveness of 
the risk management. The risk committee provides advice on actions of compliance, in particular by reviewing 
the Issuer's procedures for detecting risk, the effectiveness of the Issuer's risk management and internal control 
system and by assessing the scope and effectiveness of the systems established by the management to identify, 
assess and monitor risks.
Remuneration Committee
On 12 May 2017, the Board of Directors established a remuneration committee. The members of the 
remuneration committee are Mrs. Simone Runge-Brandner and Mr. Markus Leininger, who are independent 
directors. The remuneration committee, together with the CEO, shall act in the best interests of the Issuer to 
assist the Board of Directors in drawing up a remuneration policy for directors and executive managers, in a 
way that allows the Issuer to attract, motivate and retain directors and executive management who have the 
qualities and skills set out by the Board of Directors and ensures that the remuneration is structured so as to 
protect the Issuer against taking excessive risks. The remuneration committee also assists the Board of Directors 
in ensuring that remuneration schemes are proportionate to the responsibilities and time that directors and 
executive management devote to their functions.
Nomination Committee
On 12 May 2017, the Board of Directors established a nomination committee. The members of the nomination 
committee are Mrs. Simone Runge-Brandner and Mr. Markus Leininger, who are independent directors. The 
nomination committee shall act in the best interest of the Issuer to assist the Board of Directors in preparing 
plans for the succession of the members of the Board of Directors and to ensure that a balance of skills and 
diversity is maintained within the Board of Directors. The nomination committee also suggests candidates to 
the Board of Directors and, for positions to be filled, evaluates the existing and required skills, knowledge and 
experience in order to draw up a description of the role.
ESG Committee
On 13 June 2022, the Board of Directors established an ESG committee. The members of the ESG committee 
are Mrs. Simone Runge-Brandner (Chairperson) and Mr. Christian Windfuhr, who are assisted by key 
employees of the Issuer with specific expertise in ESG matters. The ESG committee was established for 
assisting and providing expert advice to the Board of Directors in reviewing policies, stakeholder proposals and 
recommendations that relate to matters of corporate social responsibility ("CSR"). In addition, the ESG 
committee reviews and assesses the Issuer's CSR strategy, initiatives and practices for environmental, social 
and governance practices and reviews policies with respect to CSR topics.

--- Page 237 ---
A51796379 
237
Corporate Governance
The Issuer is not subject to any compulsory corporate governance code of conduct or respective statutory legal 
provisions. Section 161 of the German Stock Corporation Act (AktG) does not apply because the Issuer is a 
public limited liability company under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (société anonyme, S.A.) 
and not a German Stock Corporation (Aktiengesellschaft, AG), save for recommendations C.10 (with sole 
reference to its applicability to the Chair of the Audit Committee), D.8 and D.9 of the German Corporate 
Governance Code (Deutscher Corporate Governance Kodex). The Issuer has issued a declaration that it does 
not deviate from the aforementioned recommendations of the German Corporate Governance Code. In addition, 
the Ten Principles of Corporate Governance of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange do not apply to the Issuer 
because its shares are not listed on a regulated market operated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Nevertheless, the Issuer intends to voluntarily comply with the Ten Principles of Corporate Governance of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange in the future and is currently evaluating the necessary measures to implement the 
principles and recommendations of the Ten Principles of Corporate Governance of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange.
Dividend
On 28 March 2023, the Board of Directors of Grand City Properties S.A. resolved to not recommend a dividend 
payment for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 at its annual general meeting of shareholders in June 
2023 ("2023 AGM"), following the increase in macroeconomic uncertainty and volatility. The 2023 AGM was 
held on 28 June 2023.
Issuer’s Accounting Consolidation
The Issuer's parent company is Edolaxia, a subsidiary of Aroundtown. As of 30 June 2023, Aroundtown, through 
Edolaxia, holds approximately 60.5% of the shares in the Issuer. The board of directors of Aroundtown resolved 
on 23 July 2021 upon the accounting consolidation of the Issuer in Aroundtown's consolidated financial 
statements starting from the third quarter of 2021. The accounting consolidation follows a thorough analysis of 
several cumulative circumstances, which together, from an accounting perspective, resulted in the treatment of 
Aroundtown’s investment in the Issuer as a position of de facto control, as defined under IFRS.

--- Page 238 ---
A51796379 
238
TAXATION
The following discussion of the tax consequences of an investment in the Notes is based on the laws in force 
on the date of this Offering Circular. The Issuer emphasises that tax implications can be subject to alteration 
due to future changes in law, possibly with retroactive or retrospective effect.
Although this discussion reflects the opinion of the Issuer, it should not be misunderstood as a guarantee in an 
area of law which is not free from doubt. Further, this discussion is not intended as the sole basis for an 
investment in the Notes as the individual tax position of the Noteholder needs to be investigated.
Prospective Holders are recommended to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Notes.
Responsibility of the Issuer for the withholding of taxes at source
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for the withholding of taxes at source.
Luxembourg Taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, 
though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax advice. The prospective investors 
in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign 
laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, 
please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu 
des collectivites), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution 
au fonds pour l'emploi), as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further 
be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, 
municipal business tax as well as net wealth tax and the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most corporate 
taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal 
income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the 
course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well.
Withholding Tax
If the Notes qualify as debt under Luxembourg tax law:
(a)
Non-resident holders of Notes
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or interest made to non-resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of the Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase 
of the Notes held by non-resident holders of Notes.
(b)
Resident holders of Notes
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005 as 
amended (the "Relibi Law") mentioned below, there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to Luxembourg resident holders of Notes, nor on accrued but unpaid interest 
in respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of 
Notes held by Luxembourg resident holders of Notes.

--- Page 239 ---
A51796379 
239
Under the Relibi Law payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be 
subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax 
if the beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. 
Responsibility for the withholding of the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Accordingly, payments of interest under the Notes coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be 
subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20 per cent.
An individual beneficial owner of interest or similar income who is a resident of Luxembourg and acts 
in the course of the management of his private wealth may opt for a final withholding tax of 20 per cent. 
when he/she receives or is deemed to receive such interest or similar income from a paying agent 
established in another European Union Member State (other than Luxembourg) or in a State of the 
European Economic Area (which is not an European Union Member State).
If the Notes qualify as equity under Luxembourg tax law:
A 15 per cent. dividend withholding tax may apply in certain circumstances.
Income Taxation
(a)
Non-resident holders of Notes
A non-resident holder of the Notes, not having a permanent establishment or permanent representative 
in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is not subject to Luxembourg income tax on 
interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes. A gain realised 
by such non-resident holder of the Notes on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes is 
further not subject to Luxembourg income tax.
A non-resident corporate holder of Notes or an individual holder of Notes acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, that has a permanent establishment or permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are attributable, is subject to Luxembourg 
income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes 
and on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes.
(b)
Resident holders of Notes
Holders of Notes who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable to any Luxembourg income tax on 
repayment of principal.
(i)
Luxembourg resident corporate holders of Notes
A corporate holder of Notes must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption 
premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form 
whatsoever, of the Notes, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes.
A corporate holder of Notes that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate 
management companies, as amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised 
investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective 
investment, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds 
not investing in risk capital thereof is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of 
interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on 
the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes.

--- Page 240 ---
A51796379 
240
(ii)
Luxembourg resident individual holders of Notes
An individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, 
is subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest received, 
redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes, except if (i) withholding tax has been 
levied on such payments in accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual holder of the 
Notes has opted for the application of the 20 per cent. withholding tax in full discharge of income 
tax in accordance with the Relibi Law.
A gain realised by an individual holder of Notes, acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth, upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Notes is not subject to 
Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the 
Notes were acquired. However, any portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid 
interest income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been levied on such 
interest in accordance with the Relibi Law.
An individual holder of Notes acting in the course of management of a professional or business 
undertaking must include this interest in its taxable basis. If applicable, the 20 per cent. 
withholding tax levied in accordance with the Relibi Law would in that case not be treated a final 
withholding tax but can be credited against his/her final personal income tax liability.
Net Wealth Taxation
A corporate holder of Notes, whether it is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Notes are attributable, is 
subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Notes, except if the holder of Notes is governed by the law of 11 
May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, or by the law of 13 February 2007 on 
specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective 
investment, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, or is a 
securitisation company governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or is a capital 
company governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended.
Securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended or capital 
companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended or reserved alternative 
investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds investing into 
risk capital may, under certain conditions, be subject to the minimum net wealth tax.
An individual holder of Notes, whether he/she is a resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to Luxembourg 
net wealth tax on such Notes.
Other Taxes
In principle, neither the issuance nor the transfer, repurchase or redemption of Notes will give rise to any 
Luxembourg registration tax, or similar taxes.
However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty will be required upon registration of the Notes in Luxembourg 
in the case where the Notes are physically attached (annexé(s)) to a public deed or to any other document subject 
to mandatory registration, or in case of a registration of the Notes on a voluntary basis.
Where a holder of Notes is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the Notes 
are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes.
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Notes if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded in 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 241 ---
A51796379 
241
FATCA DISCLOSURE
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Luxembourg) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with 
the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including 
whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on 
instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. On 13 December 2018, the Treasury 
and the Internal Revenue Service issued Proposed Regulations (REG-132881-17) under FATCA, eliminating 
withholding on the payments of gross proceeds and deferring withholding on foreign passthru payments. Even 
if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes 
characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal 
tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations 
defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding, in either case unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of 
the issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under "Further Issues" in the relevant Terms and 
Conditions) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all 
Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding 
under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in Notes.
Exchange of information
On 25 May 2018, the EU Council Directive 2018/822 ("DAC 6") was adopted. Under DAC 6, intermediaries 
which meet certain EU nexus criteria and taxpayers are required to disclose to the relevant tax authorities certain 
cross-border arrangements, which contain one or more of a prescribed list of hallmarks, performed from 25 
June 2018 onwards. In specific cases, this obligation will shift to the taxpayer. Information with regard to 
reported arrangements will be automatically exchanged by the competent authority of each EU jurisdiction 
every 3 months. Under DAC 6, a cross-border arrangement has to be reported if (i) it is a cross-border 
arrangement which bears one or more of the hallmarks listed in DAC 6, (ii) in certain instances the main or 
expected benefit of the arrangement is a tax advantage and (iii) it concerns at least one EU jurisdiction.
The Issuer or its intermediaries involved may be legally obliged to notify to tax authorities of certain types of 
cross-border arrangements and proposals for implementing such arrangements.
The proposed financial transactions tax ("FTT")
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal,

--- Page 242 ---
A51796379 
242
Slovenia and Slovakia (the "Participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.
The Commission's Proposal has a very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt.
Under the Commission's Proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a Participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) 
where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State.
In June 2018, Germany and France agreed to further pursue the implementation of an FTT in the EU for which 
the current French financial transaction tax (which is mainly focused on transactions regarding shares in listed 
companies with a market capitalization of more than EUR 1 billion) could serve as a role model.
Any FTT proposal is, however, still subject to negotiation between (certain) EU Member States. Therefore, it 
is currently uncertain whether and when the proposed FTT will be enacted by the participating EU Member 
States and when it will take effect with regard to dealings in the Notes.
On 9 December 2019, the German Federal Finance Minister announced another final proposal for a Directive 
for a financial transaction tax implemented by way of the enhanced cooperation mechanism to nine other 
participating EU Member States ("New FTT"), which was revised again in April of 2020.
In an Interinstitutional Agreement dated 16 December 2020, the European Parliament, the Council of the 
European Union and the European Commission agreed that the European Commission will make a proposal 
with respect to new own resources (Eigenmittel) of the European Union, which could include a Financial 
Transaction Tax, and that the European Commission shall endeavour to make such proposal by June 2024.
However, the FTT and New FTT proposals remain subject to negotiation. The proposals may therefore be 
altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional European Union Member 
States may decide to participate.
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT and 
New FTT.

--- Page 243 ---
A51796379 
243
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified 
and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated 7 September 
2023, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and in the relevant 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith.
SELLING RESTRICTIONS
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms (or 
Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D 
rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer 
has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it 
will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
Each issuance of Exempt Senior Notes which are also Index Linked Notes or Dual Currency Notes shall be 
subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer may agree as a term of 
the issuance and purchase of such Notes, which additional selling restrictions shall be set out in the applicable 
Pricing Supplement.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes

--- Page 244 ---
A51796379 
244
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes 
of this provision:
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of 
such Notes to the public in that Member State:
(a)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(b)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(c)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in 
any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) 
specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For purposes of 
this provision:

--- Page 245 ---
A51796379 
245
(a)
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular 
as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to the public in 
the UK, except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK:
(A)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;
(B)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(C)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other 
than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 
of the FSMA by the Issuer;

--- Page 246 ---
A51796379 
246
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances 
in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.
Israel
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, within Israel, it has not made and will not make any offers of Notes other 
than to investors of the type listed in the first Supplement (the Supplement) of the Israeli Securities Law of 
1968, consisting primarily of joint investment in trust funds, provident funds, insurance companies, banks, 
portfolio managers, investment advisors, members of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, underwriters purchasing 
for their own account, venture capital funds, entities with shareholders' equity in excess of 50 million Israeli 
new shekels, and high net worth individuals who meet the qualifications specified in the law, each as defined 
in the Supplement (as it may be amended from time to time, collectively referred to as Eligible Investors). 
Eligible investors are required to submit written confirmation that they fall within the scope of the Supplement.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, 
Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or 
to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan 
except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
Belgium
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as 
a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to 
time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any 
prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged that and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge that this Offering Circular has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the MAS. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made 
the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor 
will it circulate or distribute, this Offering Circular or any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale or invitation for subscription or purchase of any Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person

--- Page 247 ---
A51796379 
247
in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 (2020 Revised Edition) of Singapore (as amended or modified from time to time, the "SFA")) pursuant 
to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 
275(1) of the SFA or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (c) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any 
other applicable provisions of the SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferable 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the 
case of Exempt Senior Notes), all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in 
the MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and in the MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products).
Switzerland
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Offering Circular is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation 
to purchase or invest in the Notes and the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in 
Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has or will 
be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither this Offering Circular nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Offering Circular nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland.
General
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable

--- Page 248 ---
A51796379 
248
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes 
or possesses or distributes this Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required 
by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the 
Issuer, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.
None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 249 ---
A51796379 
249
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The establishment of the Programme, the update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly 
authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 19 July 2017, 18 February 2018, 23 July 
2018, 18 July 2019, 24 July 2020, 11 August 2021, 25 August 2022 and 5 September 2023.
Listing of Notes
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of 
one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Offering Circular to be admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
The approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 7 September 2023.
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the 
Issuer (and not on its own behalf) in connection with the application for admission of the Notes to the Official 
List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market.
Documents Available
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following documents 
will, 
when 
published, 
be 
available 
for 
inspection 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(at 
https://www.grandcityproperties.com) as stated below:
(a)
the 
Articles 
of 
Association 
(on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.grandcityproperties.com/investor-relations/bonds/);
(b)
the Trust Deed (which includes the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in definitive form, the Receipts, 
the Coupons and the Talons) and the Agency Agreement, (each on the website of the Issuer at 
https://www.grandcityproperties.com/investor-relations/bonds/);
(c)
a 
copy 
of 
this 
Offering 
Circular 
(on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://www.grandcityproperties.com/investor-relations/bonds/); and
(d)
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms to this 
Offering Circular and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference (on the website 
of the Issuer at https://www.grandcityproperties.com/investor-relations/bonds/)
The Pricing Supplements (in respect of Exempt Senior Notes) will only be available for inspection by a holder 
of such Note and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its 
holding of Notes and identity.
Clearing Systems
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN and, if available, the FISN 
and/or the CFI for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Senior Notes). If the Notes are to

--- Page 250 ---
A51796379 
250
clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement.
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.
Conditions for determining price
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
Litigation
Neither the Issuer nor any other member of the GCP Group is or has been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the GCP Group.
Auditors
The approved independent auditor of the Issuer is KPMG Audit S.à r.l., société à responsabilité limitée
(formerly KPMG Luxembourg SA, société anonyme) ("KPMG"), who has audited the Issuer's accounts, 
without qualification, in accordance with IFRS for each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2021 
and 31 December 2022. The auditor of the Issuer has no material interest in the Issuer. KPMG is a member of 
the Institut des Réviseurs d'Entreprises.
The reports of the auditor of the Issuer are included or incorporated in the form and context in which they are 
included or incorporated, with the consent of the relevant auditor who has authorised the contents of that part 
of this Offering Circular.
Dealers transacting with the Issuer
Certain of the Dealers have, directly or indirectly through affiliates, provided investment and commercial 
banking, financial advisory and other services to the Issuer and its affiliates from time to time, for which they 
have received monetary compensation. Certain of the Dealers may from time to time also enter into swap and 
other derivative transactions with the Issuer or its affiliates for the purposes of, among other things, hedging 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes 
issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations 
and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and 
instruments. In addition, certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking, commercial banking transactions and/or other advisory transactions with, and may 
perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 251 ---
A51796379 
251
Significant Change in the Financial Performance or Position
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer or the GCP Group 
since 30 June 2023.
Trend Information
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022.

--- Page 252 ---
A51796379 
252
ISSUER 
Grand City Properties S.A.
37, Boulevard Joseph II 
L-1840 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
TRUSTEE 
M&G Trustee Company Limited
10 Fenchurch Avenue 
London EC3M 5AG 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT and AGENT BANK 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR 
The Bank Of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
Vertigo Building – Polaris, 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert L-2453 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuer as to Luxembourg law 
To the Trustee as to English law 
GSK Stockmann SA
44, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
Allen & Overy LLP
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
To the Dealers as to English law 
Linklaters LLP
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
KPMG Audit S.à r.l.
39, Avenue John F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg

--- Page 253 ---
A51796379 
253
DEALERS
BofA Securities Europe SA
51 rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
Goldman Sachs International
Plumtree Court  
25 Shoe Lane  
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan SE
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Federal Republic of Germany 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc
25 Cabot Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4QA 
United Kingdom 
UBS AG LONDON BRANCH
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
LISTING AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch
Riverside II 
Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Grand Canal Dock 
Dublin 2 
Ireland