--- Page 1 ---
OFFERING CIRCULAR
H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ)
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden)
H&M Finance B.V.
(incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands)
EUR2,000,000,000
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
in the case of Notes issued by H&M Finance B.V. by
H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ)
(incorporated with limited liability in the Kingdom of Sweden)
Under this EUR2,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ) (H&M, 
and in its capacity as guarantor of Notes issued by H&M Finance (as defined below), the Guarantor) and H&M Finance B.V. (H&M 
Finance and, together with H&M, the Issuers, and each an Issuer) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) denominated in any 
currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).
References in this Offering Circular to the relevant Issuer shall, in relation to any issue or proposed issue of Notes, be references to 
whichever of H&M or H&M Finance is specified as the Issuer of such Notes in the applicable final terms document (the Final Terms).
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by H&M Finance will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed 
by the Guarantor. If the relevant Issuer of a Series of Notes is H&M, references herein to Guarantor and Guarantee, and related 
expressions, are not applicable and shall be disregarded in respect of such Series.
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively Bearer Notes and Registered Notes). The maximum aggregate nominal 
amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the relevant Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), 
which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Offering Circular to the relevant Dealer 
shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to 
subscribe such Notes.
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see “Risk Factors”.
This Offering Circular has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the CBI), as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CBI only approves this Offering Circular as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CBI should not be considered 
as an endorsement of either of the Issuers or the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by H&M Finance) or of the quality of the Notes 
that are the subject of this Offering Circular. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market) of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) or on another regulated market for the 
purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MIFID II) and/or that are to be offered to the public in any member state of the 
European Economic Area (the EEA) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus.
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Offering Circular to be admitted to its official list (the Official List) and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market.

--- Page 2 ---
References in this Offering Circular to the Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been admitted to the Official List and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market.
This Offering Circular (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation 
to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Offering 
Circular in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Offering 
Circular is no longer valid.
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on 
a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available 
under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out 
in the applicable Final Terms which will be delivered to the CBI and, where listed, Euronext Dublin. 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin.
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges 
or markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by H&M Finance) and the relevant 
Dealer(s). The relevant Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act) or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, 
U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other 
jurisdiction.
H&M has been rated BBB (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (Niederlassung Deutschland) (S&P). S&P is 
established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the EU CRA Regulation). As such, 
S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) on its website 
(at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. S&P is not 
established in the United Kingdom (UK) but ratings issued by S&P will be endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited in accordance 
with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). As such, ratings may be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated by any one or more rating agencies. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, 
such rating will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of LIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Offering Circular, the administrators of EURIBOR and NIBOR are included in 
ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As at 
the date of this Offering Circular, the administrators of LIBOR and STIBOR are not included in ESMA’s register of administrators 
under the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuers are aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (as administrator of LIBOR) and Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility AB (as administrator of STIBOR) are not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union and UK, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).
Arranger
BNP PARIBAS
Dealers
BNP PARIBAS
COMMERZBANK

--- Page 3 ---
DANSKE BANK
SEB
STANDARD CHARTERED 
BANK AG
The date of this Offering Circular is 15 October 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This Offering Circular comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Offering Circular, 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
Each Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering 
Circular, and the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor each accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued or guaranteed by it under the 
Programme. To the best of the knowledge of each Issuer and the Guarantor the information contained 
in this Offering Circular is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information.
This Offering Circular is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  
This Offering Circular shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated 
and form part of this Offering Circular.
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Offering 
Circular refers does not form part of this Offering Circular. Any website referred to in this document 
does not form part of the Offering Circular and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers have independently verified the information contained herein.  
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no 
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger or the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness 
of the information contained or incorporated in this Offering Circular or any other information 
provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. Neither the Arranger nor 
any of the Dealers accept any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Offering Circular or any other information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor 
in connection with the Programme.
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers 
to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this 
Offering Circular or any other information supplied by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any 
of the Dealers in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information 
or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the 
Arranger or any of the Dealers.
Neither this Offering Circular nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers that 
any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any 
Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuers and/or the Guarantor. Neither this Offering Circular 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of 
the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes.

--- Page 5 ---
vii
Neither the delivery of this Offering Circular nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuers and/or the Guarantor 
is correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. The Arranger and the Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or 
affairs of the Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in 
Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID 
Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a 
legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own

--- Page 6 ---
viii
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) - The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state 
the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 
289 of Singapore) (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA). The relevant Issuer will make a 
determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of 
Section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant 
persons" for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY
This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. The 
distribution of this Offering Circular and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers do not represent that this Offering 
Circular may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a 
public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Offering Circular in any jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this 
Offering Circular nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Offering Circular and 
the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including, for these purposes, the Kingdom of Sweden 
and the Netherlands), the UK, Japan and Singapore, see “Subscription and Sale”.
SECOND PARTY OPINIONS AND EXTERNAL VERIFICATION
In connection with the issue of Step Up Notes under the Programme, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor has 
requested a provider of second party opinions, Sustainalytics, to issue a second party opinion (the Second 
Party Opinion) in relation to H&M’s sustainability linked bond framework (the Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Framework). In addition, in connection with the issue of Step Up Notes under the Programme, the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor will engage one or more Assurance Providers to carry out the relevant assessments 
required for the purposes of providing an Assurance Report (each as defined in the “Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes”) in relation to the Step Up Notes pursuant to Condition 14A (Available Information). The Second 
Party Opinion and any Assurance Reports will be accessible through H&M’s website at: www.hm.com. 
However any information on, or accessible through, such website and the information in such Second Party 
Opinion or any past or future Assurance Reports do not form part of this Offering Circular and should not be 
relied upon in connection with making any investment decision with respect to any Notes to be issued under 
the Programme. In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any 
other member of the Group, the Dealers or any other member of their respective groups, second party 
opinion providers or any Assurance Provider as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion, report or certification of any third party in connection with the offering of 
any Step Up Notes under the Programme. Any such opinion, report or certification and any other 
document related thereto is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Offering Circular.

--- Page 7 ---
ix
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION
Presentation of Financial Information
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Offering Circular relating to H&M has been 
derived from (i) the audited consolidated financial statements of H&M for the financial years ended 30 
November 2019 and 30 November 2020 and (ii) the unaudited reviewed consolidated financial statements of 
H&M for the 9 months ended 31 August 2021 (together, the Financial Statements). 
H&M's financial year ends on 30 November, and references in this Offering Circular to any specific year are 
to the 12-month period ended on 30 November of such year. The Financial Statements have been prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued by the International Accounting 
Standards Board.
H&M Finance was incorporated on 30 June 2020 and is yet to prepare financial information. As such, this 
Offering Circular does not contain separate financial information for H&M Finance.
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Offering Circular will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Offering 
Circular. In addition, the following terms as used in this Offering Circular have the meanings defined below: 
In this Offering Circular, all references to:

U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars;

SEK refer to Swedish krona;

NOK refer to Norwegian kroner;

Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and

EUR, euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.
References to a billion are to a thousand million.
Certain figures and percentages included in this Offering Circular have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.
In this Offering Circular, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is 
a reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it:
(i)
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 8 ---
x
(ii)
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio;
(iii)
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency;
(iv)
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and
(v)
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules.
STABILISATION
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
xi
CONTENTS 
Page
Overview of the Programme...............................................................................................................................1
Risk Factors ........................................................................................................................................................6
Documents Incorporated by Reference.............................................................................................................23
Form of the Notes .............................................................................................................................................24
Applicable Final Terms.....................................................................................................................................28
Terms and Conditions of the Notes...................................................................................................................44
Use of Proceeds.................................................................................................................................................83
Description of H&M Finance ...........................................................................................................................84
Description of H&M.........................................................................................................................................85
Selected Financial Information.......................................................................................................................100
Alternative Performance Measures.................................................................................................................104
Taxation ..........................................................................................................................................................107
Subscription and Sale......................................................................................................................................111
General Information........................................................................................................................................117

--- Page 10 ---
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Offering Circular and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and any 
relevant Dealer(s) may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms 
and Conditions, in which event, and if appropriate, a new Offering Circular or a supplement to the Offering 
Circular, will be published.
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980.
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview.
Issuers:
H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ)
H&M Finance B.V.
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI):
H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ): 
529900O5RR7R39FRDM42
H&M Finance B.V.: 25490079TX62U2IW2D78
Guarantor:
H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ) (in the case of issues of 
Notes by H&M Finance B.V.)
Risk Factors:
There are certain factors that may affect an Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. There 
are also certain factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under the Guarantee. In addition, there are 
certain factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme 
and risks relating to the structure of a particular Series of Notes 
issued under the Programme. All of these are set out under “Risk 
Factors”.
Description:
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Arranger:
BNP Paribas
Dealers:
BNP Paribas
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
Danske Bank A/S
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
Standard Chartered Bank AG
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.
Certain Restrictions:
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and

--- Page 11 ---
2
Sale”) including the following restrictions applicable at the date 
of this Offering Circular.
Notes having a maturity of less than one year
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”.
Principal Paying Agent:
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch
Registrar:
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch
Programme Size:
Up to EUR2,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuers and the Guarantor may 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement.
Distribution:
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis.
Currencies:
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in euro, Sterling, Swedish krona, Norwegian 
kroner, U.S. dollars, yen and any other currency agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
Maturities:
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer 
or the relevant Specified Currency.
Issue Price:
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par.
Form of Notes
The Notes will be issued in either bearer or registered form as 
described in “Form of the Notes”. Registered Notes will not be 
exchangeable for Bearer Notes and vice versa.
Fixed Rate Notes:
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.
Floating Rate Notes:
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined:
(a)
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating either

--- Page 12 ---
3
the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
(ISDA), and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series) or 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate 
Derivatives Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or
(b)
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms.
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer.
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series 
of Floating Rate Notes.
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.
Step Up Notes:
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes issued by the relevant 
Issuer may be subject to a Step Up Option if the applicable Final 
Terms indicates that the Step Up Option is applicable. The Rate 
of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Initial Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, for any 
Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date 
immediately following a Step Up Event, if any, the Rate of 
Interest shall be increased by the Step Up Margin specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The increase in the Rate of Interest will 
be triggered by the occurrence of a Step Up Event, linked to the 
failure of H&M to achieve certain sustainability performance 
targets in relation to three separate key performance indicators as 
further detailed in H&M’s Sustainability Linked Bond 
Framework, or the failure of H&M to report on such key 
performance indicators in the required time periods. The extent of 
the increase in the Rate of Interest will be dependent on the 
specific key performance indicators in relation to which H&M 
fails to meet the applicable sustainability performance target 
and/or the reporting requirement applicable to that sustainability 
performance target. For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the 
Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in respect of the 
relevant Step Up Note.
Zero Coupon Notes:
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest.
Redemption:
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or

--- Page 13 ---
4
the relevant Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such 
other terms as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer.  
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above.
Denomination of Notes:
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions - Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency).
Taxation:
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law. In the event that 
any such withholding or deduction is made, the relevant Issuer or, 
as the case may be, the Guarantor will, save in certain limited 
circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be required to 
pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted or 
withheld.
Negative Pledge:
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4 (Negative Pledge).
Cross Default:
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default).
Status of the Notes:
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari 
passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the 
relevant Issuer, from time to time outstanding.
Guarantee:
Notes issued by H&M Finance will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Guarantee will be direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4 
(Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and 
will rank pari passu and (save for certain obligations required to 
be preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor 
from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 14 ---
5
Rating:
H&M has been rated “BBB” by S&P. Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned 
to H&M. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency.
Listing:
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme 
to be listed on Euronext Dublin. 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
such other or further stock exchanges or markets as agreed 
between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes 
issued by H&M Finance) and the relevant Dealer in relation to the 
Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on 
any market may also be issued.
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets.
Governing Law:
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law.
Selling Restrictions:
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including, the Kingdom of Sweden 
and the Netherlands), the UK, Japan, Singapore and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and 
sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and Sale”.
United States Selling Restrictions:
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 15 ---
6
RISK FACTORS
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes or under 
the Guarantee (as applicable). There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could result in 
the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments due. It is not possible to 
identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the relevant Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to 
be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the relevant Issuer’s and/or 
the Guarantor’s control. The Issuers and the Guarantor have identified in this Offering Circular a number of 
factors which could materially adversely affect their businesses and ability to make payments due.  
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below.
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Offering Circular and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE RELEVANT ISSUER'S AND/OR THE GUARANTOR’S 
ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP’S INDUSTRY
Risks relating to digitalisation 
In recent years, the fashion retail industry has faced a major shift in customer preferences and practices, 
including the increasing shift to digital brand engagement, reliance on social media and online dissemination 
of advertising campaigns as well as the increasing preference amongst consumers to purchase fashion products 
online rather than in physical stores. The growing digitalisation has resulted in increased transparency in the 
fashion retail industry as customers can easily compare the price, look, quality and origin of products. In order 
to adequately respond to this shift, the Group must be able to effectively grow its online business and adapt its 
marketing and growth strategies. The Group must also monitor and manage its physical stores to ensure that 
these remain profitable. The Group is therefore integrating its physical stores more and more with its online 
store to make the shopping experience as convenient and easy for the customer as possible. Due to the 
restrictions resulting from the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak, retailers have temporarily closed many of 
their stores for the safety of customers and employees. Accordingly, the digital shift in the industry is 
accelerating since customers that had not been shopping online previously have now entered the online market 
for the first time. The Group is monitoring the shift very closely but if the Group is unable to respond to this 
shift quickly and effectively enough, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business as its 
future sales could decline, inventory levels could rise, leading to additional costs for storage and potential 
write-downs relating to the value of excess inventory, and there could be a negative impact on production costs 
since fixed costs would represent a larger portion of total production costs due to the decline in quantities 
produced, which could materially adversely affect the Group’s results of operations.
The fashion retail industry is affected by global, regional and national economic conditions
The Group’s operations and performance depend to a great extent on global economic conditions. Uncertainty 
about global economic conditions poses a risk to the Group’s business as consumers and businesses may 
postpone spending. Discretionary spending is affected by many factors, including general business conditions, 
inflation, interest rates, consumer debt levels, unemployment rates, availability of consumer credit, conditions 
in the real estate and mortgage markets, currency exchange rates, events impacting countries’ healthcare 
systems such as pandemics, and other matters that influence consumer confidence. Economic conditions may 
be affected by various events that are beyond the Group’s control, such as natural disasters and epidemics 
(e.g., the outbreak of COVID-19). As COVID-19 has developed into a global pandemic, the impact of the 
COVID-19 pandemic itself, related containment measures and resulting extensive economic turbulence or 
global power struggles continue to cause high uncertainty to global trade, geopolitics or trajectories of

--- Page 16 ---
7
economies. The COVID-19 pandemic led to temporary closures of a significant number of the Group’s stores 
globally for long periods of time and may lead to further periods of enforced closure. Furthermore, customers’ 
fears of contracting the virus as well as local distancing restrictions limiting numbers of customers in stores 
has significantly reduced customer footfall. As a result, revenue from the great majority of the Group’s physical 
stores, not just those that have been closed, has been and may in future continue to be materially adversely 
affected. COVID 19 also had a significant adverse effect on consumer confidence throughout 2020 and 
continues to do so in 2021. The future development of the COVID-19 pandemic remains uncertain and depends 
on the spread of the virus, the emergence of new strains and the response of the local authorities and the global 
community, including in respect of the efficacy of vaccines and the success of vaccination programmes. The 
global COVID-19 pandemic may continue to further amplify the uncertainties the Group faces. Consumer 
purchases of discretionary items, such as the Group’s clothing and other fashion items, generally decline during 
periods when disposable income is adversely affected or when there is economic uncertainty. If this occurs, 
the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely 
affected.
In the event of financial turmoil affecting the banking system and financial markets, consolidation of the 
financial services industry or significant failure of financial services institutions, there could be tightening of 
the credit markets, decreased liquidity and extreme volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and equity 
markets. Any such a credit crisis could have material adverse effects on the Group’s business, including 
restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations and other unfavourable events for the Group’s consumers, customers, 
vendors, suppliers, logistics providers, other service providers and the financial institutions that are 
counterparties to the Group’s credit facilities and other derivative transactions. If third parties on which the 
Group relies for goods and services are unable to overcome financial difficulties resulting from a deterioration 
of global economic conditions or if the counterparties to the Group’s credit facilities or the Group’s derivative 
transactions do not perform their obligations as intended, the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
The UK’s decision to withdraw from the EU may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, 
financial markets and Group’s business
On 24 December 2020 the UK Government and European Commission agreed the terms of a Trade and 
Cooperation Agreement (TCA) which sets out the relationship between the UK and the EU following the end 
of the transition period. The entry into this agreement was provisionally approved by the European Council on 
29 December 2020 and the associated UK legislation received Royal Assent on 30 December 2020. The 
European Parliament is due to formally scrutinise the agreement in the coming months prior to providing its 
consent to it. The TCA comprises a Free Trade Agreement, rules on governance and dispute resolution, and 
security cooperation. The Free Trade Agreement provides for zero tariffs and zero quotas on all goods that 
comply with the appropriate rules of origin; maintains a level playing field in areas such as environmental 
protection, social and labour rights, tax transparency and State aid, with enforcement and a binding dispute 
settlement mechanism; and maintains air, road, rail and maritime connectivity, but with new customs and 
passport checks and limitations on haulage operations. It is still too early to judge the full impact of the new 
TCA between the UK and EU. Brexit, implementation of the resulting changes from the new TCA together 
with the outcome of future negotiations between the UK and EU on matters not fully addressed in it, could 
materially and adversely affect the tax, tax treaty, currency, operational, legal and regulatory regimes as well 
as the macro-economic environment in which the Group operates. Since the referendum, global markets and 
foreign exchange rates have experienced increased volatility, including a decline in the value of the pound 
sterling as compared with the euro and US dollar. Following the end of the transition period provided for in 
the Withdrawal Agreement, among other things, the UK no longer benefits from membership of the single EU 
market. Travel between the UK and EU countries now has some increase restrictions and border checks or 
other regulatory and system constraints may impede the rapid free movement of goods. As such, no assurance 
can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the ability of the relevant Issuer to satisfy its 
obligations under the Notes and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. 
In addition, the UK’s decision to withdraw from the EU has also given rise to calls for the governments of 
other EU member states to consider withdrawal.
These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have a 
material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may 
significantly reduce global market liquidity and restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in

--- Page 17 ---
8
certain financial markets, which could in turn depress economic activity and restrict H&M’s access to capital. 
It is not possible to determine the impact that the UK’s departure from the EU and/or any related matters may 
have on the stability of the Eurozone or the EU and, ultimately, on the business of the Group. As such, no 
assurance can be given that such matters would not adversely affect the Group, its business prospects, its 
financial condition, its results of operations, the ability of the Group to satisfy the relevant obligations under 
the Notes and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.
The fashion retail industry is highly competitive 
The global fashion retail industry is highly competitive and due to the Group’s broad geographical presence, 
it faces competition from a wider range of sources than either traditional or pure internet retailers, including 
local, national, and global department stores, specialty and discount store chains, independent retail stores, 
online businesses and integrated retailers (retailers that offer physical stores and online sales combined) that 
market similar lines of merchandise. The low to mid-price categories of the fashion market in which the Group 
competes are particularly vulnerable to changes in fashion trends and consumer preferences and meeting 
customers’ needs in all respects is key to driving improved performance in an increasingly competitive market. 
The Group’s historical success is attributable, in part, to its ability to respond to changes in fashion trends and 
the Group’s future success will depend on its continued ability to develop and introduce new products and 
continued success in building the Group’s brands. The Group needs to focus on ensuring product relevance, 
pricing and quality and sustainability standards meet customer expectations. If the Group is unable to continue 
to do so, its future sales could decline, inventory levels could rise, leading to additional costs for storage and 
potential write-downs relating to the value of excess inventory, and there could be a negative impact on 
production costs since fixed costs would represent a larger portion of total production costs due to the decline 
in quantities produced, which could materially adversely affect the Group’s results of operations.
Moreover, the fashion retail industry is becoming increasingly multifaceted and fashion trends are not as 
predictable as they have been historically. Local fashion producers and products are gaining popularity 
amongst consumers which makes it more difficult for the Group to offer a global and unified range of products. 
This may require the Group to provide a local relevant customer offering to its customers leading to greater 
costs and a reduction of profitability in those local markets. 
The impact of the COVID-19 outbreak is threatening the survival of many traditional retailers which were 
already under pressure from on-line retailers. Accordingly, the competitive landscape is changing even faster 
than before the COVID-19 crisis.
The Group’s brands have wide recognition, and success has in large part been due to the Group’s ability to 
maintain, enhance and protect its brand image and reputation and customers’ connection to the Group’s brands. 
Failure to maintain, enhance and protect the Group’s brand image could have a material adverse effect on its 
results of operations.
RISKS RELATING TO THE GROUP’S BUSINESS OPERATIONS
The Group’s business is subject to risks associated with global sourcing and manufacturing
Independent third parties manufacture all of the Group’s products and, as a result, the Group is directly 
impacted by increases in the cost of such products. If the Group experiences significant increases in demand 
or needs to replace an existing vendor, there can be no assurance that additional manufacturing capacity will 
be available when required on terms that are acceptable to the Group or that any vendor would allocate 
sufficient capacity in order to meet the Group’s requirements. In addition, for any new manufacturing source, 
the Group may encounter delays in production and added costs as a result of the time it takes to train new 
vendors in the Group’s methods, products, quality control standards, and environmental, labour, health, and 
safety standards. Moreover, in the event of a significant disruption in the supply or an increase in the costs of 
the fabrics or raw materials used by suppliers in the manufacture of the Group’s products, it might not be 
possible to locate alternative suppliers of materials of comparable quality at an acceptable price. Any delays, 
interruption, or increased costs in the manufacture of the Group’s products could result in lower sales and net 
income. In addition, certain countries represent a larger portion of the Group’s global sourcing and, 
accordingly, any delays in production and added costs in such countries could have a more significant impact 
on the Group’s results of operations.

--- Page 18 ---
9
In addition, the emergence of COVID-19 has already had a significant impact on global economic growth 
through, inter alia, the disruption of supply chains, and is likely to continue to do so for as long as the pandemic 
continues and potentially beyond. If manufacturing facilities, distribution centres, or the operations of logistics 
and other service providers continue to be disrupted, temporarily closed or experience worker shortages, the 
Group’s ability to meet demand for its products will be adversely affected. These adverse conditions may be 
exacerbated by disruptions or delays to shipments and negative impacts to pricing of certain components of 
the Group’s products.
Because independent vendors manufacture virtually all of the Group’s products outside of its principal sales 
markets, third parties must transport products over large geographic distances. Delays in the shipment or 
delivery of the Group’s products due to the availability of transportation, work stoppages, port strikes, 
infrastructure congestion, or other factors, and costs and delays associated with transitioning between vendors, 
could adversely impact the Group’s financial performance. Manufacturing delays, transportation delays, or 
unexpected demand for the Group’s products may require the Group to use faster, but more expensive, 
transportation methods such as aircraft, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s gross 
margins. In addition, the cost of fuel is a significant component of transportation costs, so increases in the price 
of petroleum products can materially adversely affect the Group’s gross margins. 
Exposure to geopolitical trends and local regulatory changes
The Group’s global sales market and suppliers base subject it to a number of complex, demanding and 
evolving legal, administrative and regulatory requirements relating to, among other things, criminal and civil 
laws, tax laws, environment, competition and employment. 
These requirements are complicated by the fact the Group is present in a large number of markets across the 
world in terms of sales, and its suppliers are based in a number of countries many of them with differing 
regulatory regimes. Violations of, or changes in, relevant laws, regulations or policies, or the interpretation 
thereof, or delays in such interpretations being delivered, may increase the cost of ongoing business, affect 
the Group’s revenue model and/or subject the Group to fines, damages, prohibition on operations and other 
penalties which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results. 
Each aspect of the legal, administrative and regulatory environment in which the Group operates is subject to 
change, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results. 
Failure to adapt to the changing regulatory environment where possible, or the imposition of regulatory and 
other changes that suppliers are subject to in any of the Group’s markets, or the jurisdiction of any of its 
main suppliers may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results and 
in turn the performance by the Group of its obligations under the Notes.
Furthermore, the Group is subject to geopolitical trends. Shifts in geopolitical positioning and relations 
between countries and political blocs for any reason may have a significant impact on the Group’s ability to 
carry out its business in certain jurisdictions or its relationships with suppliers in affected jurisdictions. Any 
such geopolitical or local shifts may potentially have a negative impact on the Group’s sales revenue or lead 
to delays or changes in its supply chain in such regions. The materialisation of any of these risks may have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position and results and in turn the performance by 
the Group of its obligations under the Notes.
The Group must maintain an efficient distribution network 
In addition to successfully introducing new products, responding to changes in the market environment and 
maintaining superior sourcing capabilities, the Group’s ability to remain competitive is highly dependent on 
its success in maintaining an efficient distribution network. The Group’s sourcing of its products is 
concentrated primarily in Asia, where China and Bangladesh are the largest sourcing markets, and products 
generally need to be transported from these areas to the Group’s global market (primarily Europe). Accordingly 
any disruption to trade or supply lines from those regions would have a significant impact on the Group’s 
ability to source its products to affected markets. Furthermore, if the Group is unable to maintain an efficient 
distribution network or if there is a significant disruption to the Group’s distribution centres or distribution 
network, its sales may decline due to the inability to deliver products to customers in a timely manner and the 
Group’s profitability may decline due to an increase in its per unit distribution costs in the affected regions,

--- Page 19 ---
10
which may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial 
condition. 
This is particularly a challenge for the Group due to its omni-channel strategy, which results in logistical 
difficulties managing supply of inventory to both physical stores and internet sales distributions, as well as 
managing inventory levels and distribution between those two points of sale.
In order to achieve and manage the Group’s growth effectively, the Group is required to increase and 
streamline its supply chain and implement distribution efficiencies where possible, while maintaining strict 
quality control. If the Group is unable to manage these matters effectively, its distribution process could be 
adversely affected and the Group could lose market share in affected regions, any of which could materially 
adversely affect the Group’s business prospects.
The Group is dependent on its employees 
The Group’s ability to anticipate and effectively respond to changing fashion trends and changing customer 
preferences depends in part on its ability to attract and retain key personnel in its design, merchandising, 
sourcing, marketing, and other functions. In addition, several of the Group’s strategic initiatives, including 
technology initiatives and supply chain initiatives, require that it hires and/or develops employees with 
appropriate experience. This is particularly important given the Group’s increasing focus on a unique omni-
channel approach which requires a great degree of technical and commercial expertise as well as creativity. 
Competition for talent is intense, and it may be difficult for the Group to attract and retain a sufficient number 
of qualified personnel in future periods. Furthermore, in order to be able to cover the full spectrum of 
international demand in its collections, the Group requires a diverse set of decision makers from different 
cultures and backgrounds. Given the Group is headquartered in Stockholm, there is a risk that the required 
level of diversity is not available at management level to identify local preferences and cultural sensitivities. 
If the Group is unable to retain, attract, and motivate talented employees with the appropriate skill sets or 
diversity, or if changes to the Group’s organisational structure, operating results, or business model adversely 
affect morale or retention, the Group may not achieve its objectives and the results of operations could be 
adversely impacted. In addition, the loss of one or more of the Group’s key management personnel or the 
inability to effectively identify a suitable successor to a key role could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s business. 
The Group must apply a high level of business ethics across all of its operations in order to maintain its 
reputation and brand image
As one of the world’s leading global fashion companies and promoter of ethical and sustainable values in the 
industry, the Group attracts particularly intense scrutiny from the media and other interest groups, whether 
warranted or not, and is regularly in the public eye. Accordingly, it is important that the Group operates in 
accordance with the high aims set out in its policies and guidelines on business ethics and has good knowledge, 
insight and procedures with respect to the production of its products in order to avoid negative publicity due 
to actual or perceived infringements of ethical behaviour. For example, corruption is a risk in many of the 
markets in which the Group and its suppliers operate. Furthermore, with its sourcing based in developing 
markets, in particular China and Bangladesh, where there is less transparency in working practices, the Group 
may be more susceptible to being linked, correctly or not, to unethical business practices by its suppliers in 
those jurisdictions. If the Group fails to implement and maintain policies and guidelines which ensure that a 
high level of business ethics is applied across all of its operations globally, there is a risk that the Group’s 
reputation and brands could be damaged. As the Group enters new markets in which it has previously not 
operated, it is especially important that the Group considers the local business climates and is able to apply its 
strong values and high level of business ethics in all such new markets. However, there can be no assurance 
that the Group’s policies and guidelines on business ethics are applied consistently or complied with in full or 
at all, and any such failure to apply or comply with such policies and guidelines could lead to significant 
reputational and/or financial damage to the Group, and materially adversely affect the business, results of 
operations or financial condition of the Group.
Risks relating to the environment and sustainability
Natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes, and other adverse weather and climate 
conditions; unforeseen public health crises, such as pandemics and epidemics; political crises, such as terrorist

--- Page 20 ---
11
attacks, war, labour unrest, and other political instability; or other catastrophic events, such as fires or other 
disasters occurring at the Group’s physical stores, distribution centres or suppliers’ manufacturing facilities 
could disrupt the Group’s operations, including the operations of one or more of the Group’s suppliers. These 
types of events could impact the Group’s supply chain from or to the impacted region and could impact the 
Group’s ability or the ability of other third parties to operate the Group’s stores or websites. In particular, the 
Group warehousing capacity is based in a small number of large distribution centres supplying a large number 
of markets. Accordingly, a natural disaster affecting one or more of these distribution centres would have a 
significant impact on the Group’s ability to deliver products to customers in a timely fashion or at all. 
Furthermore, the Group’s dependence on Bangladesh for sourcing of its products means that natural disasters 
in that region could lead to the loss of approximately 30 per cent. of the Group’s current sourcing capacity. 
In addition, these types of events could negatively impact consumer spending in the impacted regions or, 
depending upon the severity, globally. Disasters occurring at the Group’s suppliers’ manufacturing facilities 
could impact the Group’s reputation and the customers’ perception of its brands. To the extent any of these 
events occur, the Group’s operations and financial results could be adversely affected. 
Increased environmental and social awareness amongst consumers could also lead to an overall decrease in 
the sale of fashion products in industrial countries, especially as anti-consumption trends are emerging. If the 
Group fails to meet the expectations of its customers and consider the impact of such changes in consumer 
preferences, it may have a detrimental effect on the Group’s sales and profitability. 
Sales of the Group’s products are affected by deviations from normal weather conditions
The Group’s products are purchased for sale based on normal weather patterns and deviations from normal 
weather conditions could affect the Group’s sales. This is particularly true at the transition between two 
seasons, such as the transition from summer to autumn or from autumn to winter. If the autumn is warmer than 
usual, it may have a negative effect on sales of weather-related garments in particular, such as outerwear.
If the Group wrongly predicts the weather patterns for a coming season, it may purchase significant excess 
stock which may be sold at a later stage during the year than predicted or may not be sold at all, leading to 
unexpected warehousing costs, lower sales and even a back log of stock that it is no longer possible to sell. 
This may result in higher operating costs, lower margins and even write offs, materially affecting the 
profitability of the Group.
Risks related to the Group’s leasehold property portfolio
The Group’s ability to effectively obtain real estate, including new stores, distribution centres and corporate 
offices nationally and internationally, depends on the availability of real estate that meets the Group’s criteria 
relating to price, square meterage, demographics, and other factors. Moreover, while the majority of the 
Group’s stores are leased on flexible contracts with short notice periods and break clauses, there is a risk that 
the Group fails to manage its portfolio and becomes trapped in longer leases which will tie the Group into 
leases where a store is no longer profitable and should be closed down. Furthermore, if the Group fails to 
renew existing store leases and secure adequate new locations, it could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s results of operations. Additionally, the economic environment may at times make it difficult for the 
Group to determine the fair market rent of real estate properties internationally. This could impact the Group’s 
decisions to exercise lease options at previously negotiated rents and to renew expiring leases at negotiated 
rents. If the Group is unable to retain real estate locations which are adequate to meet its targets or if the 
profitability of the Group’s existing physical stores is not effectively managed, it could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s results of operations. 
Currency risks may have a significant effect on purchasing costs and the Group’s overall results
The Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk with respect to sales, expenses, profits, assets and 
liabilities generated or incurred in foreign currencies. Nearly half of the Group’s sales are made in euros, and 
the Group’s most significant purchase currencies are the US dollar and the euro. Fluctuation in the US dollar’s 
exchange rate against the euro is the single largest transaction exposure within the Group. 
In addition to the effects of transaction exposure, profits are also affected by translation effects as a result of 
changes in exchange rates for the local currencies of the various foreign subsidiaries against the Swedish krona, 
compared to the same period the previous year. The underlying profit/loss in a market may be unchanged in

--- Page 21 ---
12
the local currency, but when converted into SEK may increase if the Swedish krona has weakened or decrease 
if the Swedish krona has strengthened. Translation effects affect the Group’s net assets on consolidation of the 
foreign subsidiaries’ balance sheets (translation exposure in the balance sheet). Although the Group uses 
financial instruments to hedge certain foreign currency risks, these measures may not succeed in fully 
offsetting the negative impact of foreign currency rate movements and generally only delay the impact of 
adverse foreign currency rate movements on the Group’s business and financial results.
Changing local conditions could affect the Group’s profitability and future growth 
The Group has operations worldwide and has begun to expand its operations in many countries, including 
certain developing countries in Asia, South America and Africa. Therefore, the Group is subject to various 
factors inherent in conducting business internationally, in particular due to its reliance on suppliers located in 
developing countries, including the following:

export and import restrictions;

currency exchange rate fluctuations and currency controls;

cash repatriation restrictions;

application of the laws relating to corruption;

difficulty in enforcing intellectual property and contract rights;

disruptions of capital and trading markets;

potential hostilities and changes in diplomatic and trade relationships;

legal or regulatory requirements;

withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries;

local antitrust and other market abuse provisions;

investment restrictions or requirements; and

local content laws requiring that certain products contain a specified minimum percentage of 
domestically produced components.
If the costs of doing business in jurisdictions where the Group operates rise significantly as a result of the 
occurrence of, or changes in any of, the above factors, it could have an adverse effect on the Group’s financial 
position, business and results of operations.
The Group must be able to protect its proprietary rights
The Group relies on trade secret, trademark, patent and copyright laws to protect its rights to certain aspects 
of the Group’s products and services, including product designs, product research and concepts and goodwill, 
all of which the Group believes are important to the success of its products and services and the Group’s 
competitive position. However, pending trademark or patent applications may not in all instances result in the 
issuance of a registered trademark or patent, and trademarks or patents granted may not be effective in 
thwarting competition or be held valid if subsequently challenged. In addition, the actions the Group takes to 
protect its proprietary rights may be inadequate to prevent imitation of the Group’s products and services. 
The Group’s proprietary information could become known to competitors, and the Group may not be able to 
meaningfully protect its rights to proprietary information. Furthermore, other companies may independently 
develop substantially equivalent or better products or services that do not infringe on the Group’s intellectual 
property rights or could assert rights in, and ownership of, its proprietary rights. Moreover, the laws of certain 
countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States or of the Member 
States of the European Union. 
Consistent with the Group’s strategy of vigorously defending the Group’s intellectual property rights, the 
Group devotes substantial resources to the enforcement of patents issued and trademarks granted to it, to the

--- Page 22 ---
13
protection of the Group’s trade secrets or other intellectual property rights and to the determination of the 
scope or validity of the proprietary rights of others that might be asserted against it. However, if the level of 
potentially infringing activities by others were to increase substantially, the Group might have to significantly 
increase the resources it devotes to protecting its rights. From time to time, third parties may assert patent, 
copyright, trademark or similar rights against intellectual property that is important to the Group’s business. 
The resolution or settlement of any litigation or other legal process to enforce such alleged third party rights, 
regardless of its merit or resolution, could be costly and divert the efforts and attention of the Group’s 
management. The Group may not prevail in any such litigation or other legal process or it may compromise or 
settle such claims because of the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property 
disputes and the significant expense in defending such claims. An adverse determination in any dispute 
involving the Group’s proprietary rights could, among other things: (i) require the Group to co-exist in the 
market with competitors utilising the same or similar intellectual property; (ii) require it to grant licences to, 
or obtain licences from, third parties; (iii) prevent it from selling the Group’s products; (iv) require it to 
discontinue the use of a particular patent, trademark, copyright or trade secret; or (v) subject it to substantial 
liability. Any of these possibilities could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business including by 
reducing the Group’s future sales or causing it to incur significant costs to defend its rights.
Changes in the Group’s tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect the Group’s future 
results
As the Group operates in multiple jurisdictions, it must take complex tax risks into consideration, such as the 
risk of double taxation and tax disputes. The Group contributes to local communities via various taxes and 
levies such as corporate tax, customs duties, income taxes and indirectly via VAT on the products sold to 
consumers. The Group is subject to national and international tax legislation and follows the OECD Transfer 
Pricing Guidelines, which means that profits are allocated and taxed where the value is created. The Group 
must work continually to ensure that its tax strategy is designed to limit any distortion arising from differences 
in tax legislation in different parts of the world. As the OECD guidelines on transfer pricing can be interpreted 
in various ways, tax authorities in different countries may consequently question the outcome of the Group’s 
transfer pricing model. Accordingly there is a risk that the Group may become involved in tax disputes should 
the Group and the local tax authorities interpret the guidelines differently. The Group routinely assesses the 
likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations, including the impact such adverse outcomes 
may have on the Group’s reputation, to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. Currently, tax 
proceedings are in progress in some countries relating to internal pricing. The Group has made an assessment 
of the likely outcome of such proceedings and as of 31 May 2020, the provisions for such potential tax expenses 
are not deemed to be material by the Group. However, there can be no assurance that the outcomes of the 
potential future examinations will not materially adversely affect the Group’s business, results of operations, 
financial condition and prospects. Such adverse outcomes may also have an impact on the Group’s reputation 
which may affect its business and results of operation.
The Persson Family controls 75.8 per cent. of H&M’s voting power
Erling Persson founded H&M in 1947. His son Stefan Persson took over as CEO in 1982 and as chairman of 
the board in 1998, and Karl Johan Persson became CEO in 2009 and chairman in 2020. As at 31 August 2021, 
the Stefan Persson family and related companies (the Persson Family) had voting rights over 75.8 per cent. 
of the issued share capital of the Group. As a result, the Persson Family has the ability to exert significant 
influence over the Group’s corporate affairs and to control the outcome of virtually all matters submitted to a 
vote of H&M’s shareholders, including the election of H&M’s directors, the amendment of H&M’s Articles 
of Association or By-laws, and the approval of mergers, consolidations and other significant corporate 
transactions.
The interests of the Persson Family may not always be aligned with those of the holders of the Notes. For 
example, the Persson Family may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other 
transactions, that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investment, even though these transactions 
might involve risks to the holders of the Notes if the transactions resulted in the Group being more highly 
leveraged or if they significantly changed the nature of its business operations or strategy. In addition, if the 
Group encounters financial difficulties, or if it is unable to pay its debts as they mature, the interests of its 
equity holders might conflict with those of the holders of the Notes. In that situation, for example, the holders 
of the Notes might want the Group to raise additional equity to reduce its leverage and pay its debts, while its

--- Page 23 ---
14
equity holders might not want to increase their investment in the Group or have their ownership diluted and 
instead choose to take other actions, such as selling the Group’s assets. Furthermore, the Persson Family has 
no continuing obligation to provide the Group with debt or equity financing. So long as the Persson Family 
continues to directly and indirectly own a significant amount of the Group’s equity, it may continue to be able 
to strongly influence or effectively control its business decisions. 
The Group relies on information technology in its operations and is exposed to information and security 
risk
The Group relies on information technology systems both managed internally and outsourced to third parties 
across its operations, including for management of the Group’s supply chain, point-of-sale processing in the 
Group’s stores and various other processes and transactions. The Group’s ability to effectively manage its 
business and coordinate the production, distribution and sale of its products depends on, among other things, 
the reliability and capacity of these systems. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, network 
disruptions, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or a breach in data security of 
these systems could cause delays in product supply and sales, reduced efficiency of the Group’s operations, 
unintentional disclosure of customer or other confidential information of the Group leading to additional costs 
and possible fines or penalties, or damage to the Group’s reputation, and potentially significant capital 
investments and other costs could be required to remedy the problem, which could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s results of operations.
Additionally, the rules and regulations regarding processing of personal data are becoming increasingly rigid. 
In a large number of European jurisdictions, the Group is affected by changes to the regulatory environment 
resulting from the new General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR), which entered into force on 25 
May 2018, as the Group processes different types of personal data, such as information regarding contact 
persons at customers and suppliers as well as information regarding employees. Non-compliance with 
applicable data protection legislation could, for example, result in sanctions from the relevant authorities and 
damages having to be paid to affected persons. The level of fines for breach of data protection rules includes 
fines of up to the higher of four per cent. of a group’s annual turnover and EUR 20,000,000, whichever is 
higher. The retail industry, in particular, has been the target of many recent cyber-attacks and the Group may 
not have the resources to anticipate or prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber-attacks. Attacks may be targeted 
at the Group, its vendors or customers, or others who have entrusted the Group with information. In addition, 
even if the Group takes appropriate measures to safeguard its information security and privacy environment 
from security or regulatory breaches, the Group could still expose its customers and business to risk. Actual 
or anticipated attacks may disrupt or impair the Group’s technology capabilities, and may cause the Group to 
incur increasing costs, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train 
employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants, as well as potentially incurring fines or censure 
from local regulators. Any such disruption or increased costs may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial position and results of operations.
Any significant outbreak of any airborne disease could damage the Group’s business
The economies of the countries in which the Group operates may be negatively affected by an outbreak of any 
contagious disease with human-to-human airborne or contact propagation effects, such as COVID-19, that 
escalates in a regional epidemic or global pandemic. The occurrence of an epidemic or pandemic is beyond 
the Group’s control and the Group can provide no assurance on the future spread of COVID-19 or other 
contagious diseases in areas in which the Group and its suppliers operate, or what the impact on the Group’s 
business will be. The measures that may be taken by governments, regulators, communities and businesses 
(including the Group) to respond to the outbreak of COVID-19 have resulted and are likely to continue to 
result in material and prolonged disruptions to the Group’s business. In particular, any such airborne diseases 
are likely to have greater impact on the Group given its continued reliance on sales from physical stores. Such 
outbreaks are likely to lead to closures of physical stores in affected jurisdictions and potentially temporary or 
long term changes in customer preferences away from physical stores to online shopping as a result of any 
such outbreaks. If current levels of economic deterioration and volatility continue or worsen, further waves of 
the COVID-19 outbreak materialise, or outbreaks of new airborne diseases occur in future, the Group may 
experience an adverse impact, which may be material, on its business, results of operations and financial 
condition.

--- Page 24 ---
15
H&M and H&M Finance are partially dependent on payments from Group companies to make payments 
under the Notes, or, as the case may be, under the Guarantee.
H&M is the holding company of the Group and H&M Finance is a newly established company within the 
Group that is intended to provide financing to other Group companies with no other operations. As a result, 
the assets of both H&M and H&M Finance consist principally of their shareholdings in and loans to other 
companies in the Group. H&M’s and H&M Finance’s cash flow and their ability to service debt depend not 
only on their own business operations, but also on cash flow from operating Group members and receipt of 
funds from Group companies by way of dividends, payments or otherwise. The Group further intends to 
provide H&M Finance with liquidity by way of intra-group arrangements or other transfers of value in order 
for H&M Finance to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it. In circumstances where one or more of 
the risks referred to herein arises and adversely affects the business, results of operations or financial condition 
of any member of the Group, there may, in turn, be an adverse effect on the ability of that member of the Group 
to make dividend and/or interest payments to H&M or H&M Finance so as to enable H&M or H&M Finance, 
as applicable, to satisfy its payment obligations under the Notes, or, as the case may be, under the Guarantee.
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features:
Risks applicable to all Notes
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the 
Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The 
relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned.
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a fixed 
rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market value 
of an investment in the relevant Notes.
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates.
The market value of any specific Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) 
or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than

--- Page 25 ---
16
do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Usually, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. Any such price volatility may have an adverse effect on the market value of any specific 
Series of Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount.
Step Up Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability 
characteristics
Although the interest rate relating to the Step Up Notes is subject to upward adjustment in certain 
circumstances specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, such Step Up Notes may not satisfy an 
investor’s requirements or any future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability 
characteristics and no representation is made by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the relevant Dealers as 
to the suitability of the Step Up Notes to fulfil environmental or sustainability criteria required by prospective 
investors. The Step Up Notes will not be marketed as green bonds since the relevant Issuer expects to use the 
relevant net proceeds for general corporate purposes and therefore the relevant Issuer does not intend to 
allocate the net proceeds specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental or sustainability 
criteria, or be subject to any other limitations associated with green bonds.
In addition, the interest rate adjustment in respect of the above mentioned Step Up Notes depends on definitions 
of Recycled Materials, Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions or Scope 3 GHG Emissions (each as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), as the case may be, that may be inconsistent with investor 
requirements or expectations or other definitions relevant to recycled materials and/or greenhouse gas 
emissions. H&M includes within Recycled Materials only “materials used in its commercial goods”.
Although H&M targets (i) increasing the proportion of recycled materials used in the production of its 
commercial goods and (ii) decreasing its direct and indirect green house gas emissions, there can be no 
assurance of the extent to which it will be successful in doing so or that any future investments it makes in 
furtherance of these targets will meet investor expectations or any binding or non binding legal standards 
regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its 
own by laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. Adverse environmental or social impacts may occur 
during the design, construction and operation of any investments H&M makes in furtherance of this target or 
such investments may become controversial or criticised by activist groups or other stakeholders. Lastly, no 
Event of Default shall occur under the Step Up Notes, nor will the relevant Issuer or, in the case of Step Up 
Notes issued by H&M Finance B.V., the Guarantor be required to repurchase or redeem such Step Up Notes, 
if H&M fails to satisfy any or all of (i) the Recycled Materials Condition, (ii) the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions Condition or (iii) the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition.
Given the current and past difficulty in collecting and assessing the data required to calculate an accurate figure 
for Scope 3 GHG Emissions, the data used to set the 2017 baseline for Scope 3 GHG Emissions was collected 
during the calendar year 2016, and currently the reporting of Scope 3 GHG Emissions for a given year remains 
based on the previous calendar year. While the Issuers believe that the speed of collection and accuracy of the 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions will improve in years to come, and processes are being put in place to achieve this 
goal, there can be no assurance that this will be the case, and accordingly the reporting date for achieving the 
sustainability performance targets in relation to the Step Up Notes will for the foreseeable future be reported 
120 days after the end of the calendar year following the year to which the Scope 3 GHG Emissions data 
reported relates. 
No assurance or representation is given by either of the Issuers, the Guarantor or any Dealer as to the suitability 
or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion (including the Second Party Opinion), report, 
certification or validation of any third party in connection with the offering of the Step Up Notes or the 
sustainability performance targets set to fulfil any green, social, sustainability, sustainability linked and/or 
other criteria. 
The Second Party Opinion providers and providers of similar opinions, certifications and validations are not 
currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Any such opinion or certification is

--- Page 26 ---
17
not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any member of the Group, 
the Dealers, any Second Party Opinion providers, the Assurance Provider or any other person to buy, sell or 
hold Step Up Notes. Noteholders have no recourse against the Issuers, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the 
provider of any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion or certification, which is only 
current as at the date it was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance 
of any such opinion, certification or validation and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of 
such opinion, certification or validation for the purpose of any investment in the Step Up Notes. Any 
withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion, certification or validation attesting that 
the Group is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion, certification or 
validation is opining on or certifying on may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Step Up Notes 
and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. Any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, 
incorporated in and/or form part of this Offering Circular.
The Step Up Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators
The Step Up Notes include certain triggers linked to sustainability key performance indicators such as the 
proportion of recycled materials used in production and greenhouse gas emissions (see “Step Up Notes may 
not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to assets with sustainability characteristics”) 
which must be complied with by H&M, in respect of Notes for which a Step Up Event applies. The failure to 
meet such sustainability performance targets for the relevant Observation Periods will result in increased 
interest amounts under such Step Up Notes, which would increase the Group’s total cost of funding and may 
result in a significant negative impact on the reputation of the Group, either of which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group, its business prospects, its financial condition or its results of operations.
Under the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, a Step Up Event may occur if, amongst other things, the Group’s 
(i) proportion of recycled materials in its commercial goods (Recycled Materials Percentage, as more fully 
described in Condition 5.3) in respect of any Reference Year specified in the applicable Final Terms, does not 
increase by at least the relevant Recycled Materials Percentage Threshold specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or (ii) greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage, and Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Percentage, each as more fully described in Condition 5.3) in respect of any Reference Year 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, do not reduce by at least the relevant Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Percentage Threshold or Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold, as applicable, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in each case by comparison to the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline and the Scope 3 Baseline, 
respectively. The Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit H&M to recalculate the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline 
and the Scope 3 Baseline as described in H&M’s Sustainability-Linked Bond Framework to reflect, amongst 
other things, any significant or structural changes to the Group. Accordingly, while any such recalculation 
must be reported to the Science Based Targets initiative and included in the annual SLB Progress Report 
verified by an independent, qualified reviewer, any recalculation may increase or decrease the volume of 
greenhouse gas emissions comprising the relevant baseline, and therefore respectively increase the total 
volume of greenhouse gas emissions that may be produced by the Group while still being able to satisfy the 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions Condition and/or the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition and avoid the 
occurrence of a Step Up Event, or decrease the total volume of reduction in greenhouses gases that needs to 
be achieved by the Group in order to satisfy such conditions and avoid the occurrence of a Step Up Event. 
Capitalised terms in this paragraph have the meanings given to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes.
 The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including LIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR and 
NIBOR) are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. 
Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes 
referencing such a benchmark.

--- Page 27 ---
18
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision 
of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (the FCA) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or 
recognised or endorsed).
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark.
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market 
participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority 
has indicated through a series of announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot 
and will not be guaranteed after 2021. On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the 
administrator of LIBOR, published a statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR 
settings, together with the dates on which this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require 
IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (the IBA announcement). 
Concurrently, the FCA published a statement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all 
LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the 
FCA announcement). Permanent cessation will occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and 
Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately 
after 30th June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-
month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult 
on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA to continue their publication under a 
changed methodology for a further period after end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). 
The FCA announcement states that consequently, these LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the 
underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case 
of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD 
LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR settings will also cease permanently 
at the end of 2022.
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates.
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or

--- Page 28 ---
19
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that an Original 
Reference Rate and/or any page on which an Original Reference Rate may be published (or any other successor 
service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) 
otherwise occurs. The IBA announcement and FCA announcement referred to above each constitutes such a 
Benchmark Event. This will have triggered certain of the fallback arrangements although, the consequences 
of such fallbacks being triggered are not immediately effective under the Terms and Conditions. Such fallback 
arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) could be set by 
reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes), with or without the application of an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as 
determined by an Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner). An 
adjustment spread could be positive, negative or zero and would be applied with a view to reducing or 
eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit 
(as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of an Original Reference Rate. However, it may not 
be possible to determine or apply an adjustment spread and even if an adjustment spread is applied, such 
adjustment spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no adjustment 
spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate 
of Interest. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an adjustment 
spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently 
(which may include payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were 
to continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may 
result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments there is a risk 
that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes referencing a benchmark.
Risks related to Notes generally
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally:
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the 
consent of all investors.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by way of a videoconference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give their consent 
electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.

--- Page 29 ---
20
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice.
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with them are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Offering Circular. No assurance can be given 
as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or administrative practice after the 
date of this Offering Circular and any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes 
affected by it.
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued.
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed or issued) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination 
such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination.
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.
Risks related to the market generally
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk:
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes.
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities.
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, he will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes.
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments 
under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if 
an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the Investor's 
Currency) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly 
change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify 
exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency

--- Page 30 ---
21
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value 
of the Notes.
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to make 
payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or 
no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates.
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.
Credit ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks 
associated with an investment in those Notes.
H&M’s ability to access credit and bond markets on acceptable terms is in part dependent on its credit ratings. 
H&M’s long term debt rating is currently “BBB” (stable outlook) by S&P. This rating may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time.
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will 
also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third country 
rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that 
apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its 
website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating 
agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against 
a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which 
may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market.
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Offering 
Circular.
Enforceability of English law judgments in Sweden and the Netherlands
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020 (Brexit) As a result, the Recast Brussels Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2012) has ceased to apply to

--- Page 31 ---
22
the UK (and some English court judgments). The UK has applied to join the Lugano Convention (the 
Convention of 30 October 2007 on Jurisdiction and the Recognition and Enforcement of Judgements in Civil 
and Commercial Matters) in its own right though such approval has not yet been granted. There is uncertainty 
concerning the enforcement of English court judgments that fall outside the Hague Convention (the 
Convention of 30 June 2005 on Choice of Court Agreements), which would rely solely on the Recast Brussels 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 1215/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 
2012) for enforcement. As a result, there may be a period of uncertainty concerning the enforcement of English 
court judgments in Sweden and the Netherlands, and some judgments entered against the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor in an English court may not be recognised or enforceable in Sweden or the Netherlands without 
a re-trial on its merits.

--- Page 32 ---
23
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Offering Circular shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Offering Circular:  
(a)
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements for the 
financial year ended 30 November 2020 of H&M as set out on pages 54 to 84 of the 2020 annual report 
which can be viewed online at:
https://hmgroup.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/HM-Annual-Report-2020.pdf 
(b) 
the auditors’ report and audited consolidated and non-consolidated annual financial statements for the 
financial year ended 30 November 2019 of H&M as set out on pages 52 to 81 of the 2019 annual 
report which can be viewed online at:
https://hmgroup.com/content/dam/hmgroup/groupsite/documents/masterlanguage/Annual%20Report
/HM_Annual%20Report%202019.pdf 
(c)
the 2021 nine month report of H&M, including the interim consolidated and non-consolidated 
financial statements for the nine months ended 31 August 2021 of H&M, which can be viewed online 
at:
https://hmgroup.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/The-full-report-PDF.pdf 
Following the publication of this Offering Circular a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and approved by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements 
contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to 
the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede 
statements contained in this Offering Circular or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Offering Circular.
Any documents themselves incorporated by reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this 
Offering Circular shall not form part of this Offering Circular.
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Offering Circular which may affect the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Offering Circular or publish a new Offering Circular for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
24
FORM OF THE NOTES
The Notes of each Series will be in either bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached. Bearer and Registered Notes will be issued outside the United States 
in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S).
Bearer Notes
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a Temporary Bearer Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent 
global note (a Permanent Bearer Global Note and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global Note, each a 
Bearer Global Note) which, in either case, will:
(a)
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the 
applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common 
safekeeper (the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg); and
(b)
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the 
original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms 
will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean 
that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as 
such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for 
NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if 
any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) 
will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer Global Note 
is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not U.S. persons or 
persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been 
received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying 
Agent.
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) definitive 
Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above 
unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United States and certain U.S. 
persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a Temporary Bearer Global Note 
will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange 
Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer Global Note for an interest in a 
Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly withheld or refused.
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN 
form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 34 ---
25
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of 
charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and 
talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that 
(i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the 
relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system 
is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) has or will become subject to adverse 
tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented by the Permanent Bearer Global 
Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, will promptly give notice to 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of 
any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) may give notice to the Principal Paying Agent 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the 
relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Principal Paying Agent.
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and interest 
coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.”
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect 
of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes or interest 
coupons.
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.
Registered Notes
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
Registered Global Note).
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are to 
be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the NSS), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common Depositary of, 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common safekeeper, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be entitled 
or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to receive physical delivery of 
definitive Notes in fully registered form.
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global Notes are to be 
so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The 
common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 35 ---
26
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6.4) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, any 
Paying Agent or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to 
or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or 
for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form will, 
in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the relevant 
Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4) immediately preceding the due date for payment in the manner 
provided in that Condition.
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred and is 
continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any 
such case, no successor clearing system is available or (iii) the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as applicable) 
has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form. The relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the 
Guarantor, will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange 
Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered 
Global Note) may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer, or as appropriate, the Guarantor, may also give 
notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the 
date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar.
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except in 
accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to the 
extent applicable. 
General
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.  
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 10 (Events 
of Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note 
(or any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such 
Notes and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global 
Note then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the relevant Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 17 
July 2020 and executed by the Issuers.

--- Page 36 ---
27
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (as applicable) may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in 
a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event a new Offering Circular 
will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
28
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme.
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II)][MiFID II]; and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the EEA or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".
2 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information document 
will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 38 ---
29
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) 
(as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all 
relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets 
products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
[Date]
[H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ) / H&M Finance B.V.]
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [529900O5RR7R39FRDM42] / [25490079TX62U2IW2D78] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]
[Guaranteed by H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ)]
under the EUR[2,000,000,000]
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the Conditions) set forth in the Offering Circular dated [] 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation (the Offering Circular). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Offering Circular in 
order to obtain all the relevant information. The Offering Circular has been published on www.hm.com. 
The expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.]
1.
(a)
Issuer:
(b)
Guarantor:
[H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ) / H&M 
Finance B.V.]
H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ)
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by H & M Hennes 
& Mauritz AB (publ))
2.
(a)
Series Number:
[         ]
(b)
Tranche Number:
[         ]

--- Page 39 ---
30
(c)
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph 26 below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies:
[         ]
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount:
(a)
Series:
[         ]
(b)
Tranche:
[         ]
5.
Issue Price:
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)]
6.
(a)
Specified Denominations:
[         ]
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent))
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed:
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”)) 
(b)
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest for Notes in 
global form see Conditions):
[         ]
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)
7.
(a)
Issue Date:
[         ]
(b)
Interest Commencement Date:
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.)
8.
Maturity Date:
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]]
9.
Interest Basis:
[Subject as set out in Condition 5.3 and paragraph 
[17] below,] [[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate]

--- Page 40 ---
31
[[[         ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]] +/- [         ] 
per cent. Floating Rate]
[Zero coupon]
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]/[17] below)
10.
Redemption Basis:
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [         ] per cent. of their nominal 
amount
11.
Change of Interest Basis:
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 
15 below and identify there][Not Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options:
[Investor Put]
[Change of Control Put]
[Issuer Call]
[Issuer Maturity Par Call]
[Clean-Up Call]
[(see paragraph [19]/[20]/[21]/[22]/[23] below)]
[Not Applicable]
13.
(a)
Status of the Notes:
Senior 
(b)
[Status of the Guarantee:
Senior]
(c)
[Date [Board] approval for issuance 
of Notes [and Guarantee] obtained:
[         ] [and [         ], respectively]]
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes or related Guarantee)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest:
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date[, subject as set out in 
Condition 5.3 and paragraph [17] below]
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s):
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions):
[Subject to adjustment as set out in Condition 5.3 
and paragraph [17] below,] [         ] per Calculation 
Amount
(d)
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions):
[Subject to adjustment as set out in Condition 5.3 
and paragraph [17] below,] [[         ] per Calculation 
Amount, payable on the Interest Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [         ]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 41 ---
32
(e)
Day Count Fraction:
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(f)
Determination Date(s):
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable]
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon)
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates:
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b)
Business Day Convention:
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
(c)
Additional Business Centre(s):
[         ]
(d)
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined:
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination]
(e)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent):
[         ] (the Calculation Agent) 
(f)
Screen Rate Determination:

Reference Rate:
[         ] 
month 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/STIBOR/NIBOR]

Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[         ]
(Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling 
or euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR, the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR, the 
second Stockholm business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if STIBOR and the second Oslo 
business day prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if NIBOR)

Relevant Screen Page:
[         ]
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a

--- Page 42 ---
33
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately) 
(g)
ISDA Determination:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of the 
subparagraph)

ISDA Definitions:
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions]
(The 2021 ISDA Definitions should not be selected 
before their effective date of 4 October 2021)

Floating Rate Option:
[         ]
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in 
the Floating Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 
ISDA Definitions))

Designated Maturity:
[         ]

Reset Date:
[         ]
(In the case of a LIBOR, EURIBOR, STIBOR or 
NIBOR based option, the first day of the Interest 
Period)
(N.B. The fall-back provisions applicable to ISDA 
Determination under the 2006 ISDA Definitions are 
reliant upon the provision by reference banks of 
offered quotations for LIBOR and/or EURIBOR 
which, depending on market circumstances, may not 
be available at the relevant time)
(h)
Linear Interpolation:
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)] 
(i)
Margin(s):
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum[, subject as set out 
in Condition 5.3 and paragraph [17] below]
(j)
Minimum Rate of Interest:
[         ] per cent. per annum
(k)
Maximum Rate of Interest:
[         ] per cent. per annum
(l)
Day Count Fraction:
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual]
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]
[Actual/365 (Sterling)]
[Actual/360]
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis]
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis]
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Accrual Yield:
[         ] per cent. per annum
(b)
Reference Price:
[         ]

--- Page 43 ---
34
(c)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts:
[30/360]
[Actual/360]
[Actual/365] 
17.        Step Up Option
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Reference Year(s):
(b)
Recycled Materials Event:

Recycled Materials Event 
Step Up Margin:

Recycled 
Materials 
Percentage Threshold:
(c)
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Event:

Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Event Step-Up 
Margin:

Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions 
Percentage 
Threshold:
(d)
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event:

Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Event Step-Up Margin:

Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Percentage Threshold:
[         ] [and [        ]]
[         ] per cent. per annum (This should be 40% of 
the total Step Up Margin)
[         ] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant 
Reference Year if more than one Reference Year is 
included]]
[[ ] per cent. in respect of [        ]]
[         ] per cent. per annum (This should be 20% of 
the total Step Up Margin)
[         ] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant 
Reference Year if more than one Reference Year is 
included]]
[[ ] per cent. in respect of [        ]]
[         ] per cent. per annum (This should be 40% of 
the total Step Up Margin)
[         ] per cent. [in respect of [specify relevant 
Reference Year if more than one Reference Year is 
included]]
[[ ] per cent. in respect of [        ]]
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
18.
Notice periods for Condition 7.2:
Minimum period: [30] days
Maximum period: [60] days
19.
Issuer Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[         ]

--- Page 44 ---
35
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[[         ] per Calculation Amount][Make-whole 
Amount]
(A)
Reference Bond:
[        ]
(B)
Redemption Margin:
[        ]
(C)
Quotation Time:
[        ]
(c)
If redeemable in part:
(i)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[         ]
(ii)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount:
[         ]
(d)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.)
20.
Issuer Maturity Par Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Maturity Par Call Period:
From (and including) [         ] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date.
(b)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [         ] days
Maximum period: [         ] days
21.
Investor Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s):
[         ]
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount:
[         ] per Calculation Amount
(c)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [15] days
Maximum period: [30] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements

--- Page 45 ---
36
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.)
22.
Change of Control Put:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Change of Control Redemption 
Amount:
[         ] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [         ] days
Maximum period: [         ] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
23.
Clean-Up Call:
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)
(a)
Clean-Up Call Amount:
[         ] per Calculation Amount
(b)
Notice periods:
Minimum period: [     ] days
Maximum period: [     ] days
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the relevant 
Issuer is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution of information through intermediaries, 
for example, clearing systems (which require a 
minimum of 5 clearing system business days’ notice 
for a call) and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the relevant Issuer and the Principal 
Paying Agent.)
24.
Final Redemption Amount:
[         ] per Calculation Amount
25.
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default:
[         ] per Calculation Amount
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.)
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES
26.
Form of Notes:

--- Page 46 ---
37
(a)
Form: 
[Bearer 
Notes: 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note which is 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes upon an 
Exchange Event]
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date]
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event]
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].” .)]
[Registered Notes:
[Registered Global Note registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
exchangeable for definitive Registered Notes upon 
an Exchange Event]
(b)
[New 
Global 
Note/New 
Safekeeping Structure:
[Yes][No]]
27.
Additional Financial Centre(s):
[Not Applicable/give details]
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 15(c) relates)
28.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes:
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No]
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and 
the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.]
Signed on behalf of [H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB 
(publ) / H&M Finance B.V.]:
[Signed on behalf of [H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB 
(publ)]:
By: ..........................................................
By: ..........................................................

--- Page 47 ---
38
Duly authorised
Duly authorised]

--- Page 48 ---
39
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION
1.
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING
(i)
Listing and Admission to trading
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and listing on 
the official list of Euronext Dublin with effect from 
[         ].]
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin and 
listing on the official list of Euronext Dublin with 
effect from [         ].] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.)
(ii)
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading:
[         ]
2.
RATINGS
Ratings:
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally][The Notes to be issued will 
be unrated]:
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].  
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the EU CRA 
Regulation)]
[Each of [defined terms] is established in the United 
Kingdom and is registered under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009 (as amended) as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation)]
[Each of [defined terms] is not established in the 
European Union and has not applied for registration 
under [Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the EU CRA Regulation)][the EU CRA 
Regulation].  However, [  ] has endorsed the ratings 
of [  ] [and [  ] has endorsed the ratings of [  ]], in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.  [Each of]

--- Page 49 ---
40
[  ] [and [  ]] is established in the European Union 
and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]
[Each of [defined terms] is not established in the UK 
and has not applied for registration under 
[Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009  as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the [[European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018]/[EUWA]] (the UK CRA 
Regulation)][the UK CRA Regulation].  However, 
[  ] has endorsed the ratings of [  ] [and [  ] has 
endorsed the ratings of [  ]], in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation.  [Each of] [  ] [and [  ]] is 
established in the UK and is registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.]
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE
[Save for the fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person 
involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and 
their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the 
Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests]
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Offering Circular under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]
4.
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
(i)
Reasons for the offer:
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Offering 
Circular/Give details]
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in Offering 
Circular – if reasons for offer different from what is 
disclosed in the Offering Circular, give details)
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds:
[         ]
5.
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
Indication of yield:
[         ]
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.

--- Page 50 ---
41
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
(i)
ISIN:
[         ]
(ii)
Common Code:
[         ]
(iii)
CFI:
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]
(iv)
FISN:
[[See/[[include code ], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(v)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s):
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]
(vi)
Delivery:
Delivery [against/free of] payment
(vii)
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any):
[         ]

--- Page 51 ---
42
(viii)
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper] 
[include this text for Registered Notes which are to 
be held under the NSS] and does not necessarily 
mean that the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper[, and registered in the name of 
a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper][include this text for Registered Notes].  
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i)
Method of distribution:
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]
(ii)
If syndicated, names of Managers:
[Not Applicable/give names]
(iii)
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any):
[Not Applicable/give name]
(iv)
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer:
[Not Applicable/give name]
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions:
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]
(vi)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged”

--- Page 52 ---
43
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)
(vii)
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors:
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute “packaged” 
products and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.)

--- Page 53 ---
44
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer 
at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or 
attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
“Applicable Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes.
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ) 
(H&M) or H&M Finance B.V. (H&M Finance and, together with H&M, the Issuers and each an Issuer) 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below).
References herein to the relevant Issuer shall be references to whichever of H&M or H&M Finance is 
specified as Issuer in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). If the relevant Issuer of a Series of Notes 
is H&M, references herein to Guarantor and Guarantee, and related expressions, are not applicable and shall 
be disregarded in respect of such Series. 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean:
(a)
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency;
(b)
any Global Note; 
(c)
any definitive Notes in bearer form (Bearer Notes) issued in exchange for a Global Note in bearer 
form; and
(d)
any definitive Notes in registered form (Registered Notes) (whether or not issued in exchange for a 
Global Note in registered form).
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of a Second Supplemental Agency Agreement 
(such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency 
Agreement) dated 15 October 2021 and made between the Issuers, H&M in its capacity as guarantor of Notes 
issued by H&M Finance only (the Guarantor), BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as 
principal paying agent and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any 
successor principal paying agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents), 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as registrar (the Registrar, which expression shall 
include any successor registrar) and a transfer agent and the other transfer agents named therein (together with 
the Registrar, the Transfer Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer 
agents).  The Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms), 
the Registrar, the Paying Agents and other Transfer Agents are together referred to as the Agents.
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions).  
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons (Talons) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context

--- Page 54 ---
45
otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and Global Notes 
do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue.
The payment of all amounts in respect of Notes issued by H&M Finance have been unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to a deed of guarantee (as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Guarantee) dated 17 July 2020 and made by the Guarantor. The original 
of the Guarantee is held by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Noteholders and the Couponholders at 
its specified office.
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the 
holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons in whose name the Notes are registered 
and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons.
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue.
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 
17 July 2020 and made by the Issuers. The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common depositary 
for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below).
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant are (i) available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by 
email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to any Paying Agents or the relevant Issuer and 
provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent or the relevant 
Issuer, as the case may be. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. The Noteholders and 
the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all of the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms, to the extent such 
provisions are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, 
the detailed provisions of the Agency Agreement.
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.
1.
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in 
the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified Currency) and the 
denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one 
Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination and 
Bearer Notes may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa.
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 55 ---
46
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable.
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to the 
Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent will (except as otherwise 
required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of 
any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes 
but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph.
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other 
than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for 
which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant 
Registered Global Note shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and any Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the 
relevant Global Note and the expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions 
shall be construed accordingly.
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms.
2.
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES 
2.1
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if appropriate, 
indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and transferees of such 
interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in definitive form or for a 
beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series only in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance with the rules and 
operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Agency Agreement.  
2.2
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form
Subject as provided in paragraph 2.3 below, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in 
the Agency Agreement, a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part 
(in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such 
transfer (a) the holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer 
of the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any 
Transfer Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or his 
or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other

--- Page 56 ---
47
certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent 
must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the 
relevant Issuer and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations being 
set out in Schedule 6 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant Transfer 
Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) of the request 
(or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified 
office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to such address as the 
transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like aggregate nominal amount 
to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) transferred. In the case of the 
transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new Registered Note in definitive form 
in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered 
or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor.
2.3
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
relevant Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a 
Registered Note, called for partial redemption.
2.4
Costs of registration
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer 
as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular uninsured mail 
and except that the relevant Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp 
duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration.
3.
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE
3.1
Status of the Notes
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally 
with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, 
from time to time outstanding.
3.2
Status of the Guarantee
The payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes issued by H&M Finance has been 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee. The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor 
and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured 
obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time 
outstanding. 
4.
NEGATIVE PLEDGE
So long as any Note remains outstanding, neither the relevant Issuer nor the Guarantor will, and the 
relevant Issuer and the Guarantor shall procure that none of H&M's Principal Subsidiaries (as defined 
in Condition 10.2) will, create or permit to subsist any Security Interest upon the whole or any part of 
its present or future business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure 
any Relevant Indebtedness or guarantee of Relevant Indebtedness without (a) at the same time or prior

--- Page 57 ---
48
thereto securing the Notes or the Guarantee (as applicable) equally and rateably therewith or (b) 
providing such other security for the Notes or the Guarantee as may be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Noteholders.
For the purposes of this Condition 4, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:
guarantee means, in relation to any Indebtedness (as defined in Condition 10.2) of any Person, any 
obligation of another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation):
(a)
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness;
(b)
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to purchase 
assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such Indebtedness;
(c)
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment of such Indebtedness; and
(d)
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness;
Relevant Indebtedness means any Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any bond, 
note, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of  
being listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without 
limitation, any over-the-counter market); and
Security Interest means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest including, 
without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction. 
5.
INTEREST
5.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date.
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified.
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date.
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to:
(a)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Fixed Rate 
Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or
(b)
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction.

--- Page 58 ---
49
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as 
applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rates Notes which are Registered 
Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer 
Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention.  
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is 
a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate 
Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation 
Amount and the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified 
Denomination, without any further rounding.
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 5.1:
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms:
(A)
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or
(B)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of:
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and
(ii)
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.
In these Conditions:
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent.

--- Page 59 ---
50
5.2
Interest on Floating Rate Notes
(a)
Interest Payment Dates
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either:
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date.
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date.
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is:
(A)
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 5.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (ii) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or
(B)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or
(C)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or
(D)
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day.
In these Conditions, Business Day means:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 60 ---
51
(b)
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open.
(b)
Rate of Interest
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Notes; or (ii) if “2021 ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions as 
published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes; (together, the ISDA 
Definitions) and under which:
(A)
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms;
(B)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions.
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero.
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either:
(A)
the offered quotation; or
(B)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,

--- Page 61 ---
52
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either LIBOR, 
EURIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. London time, in the case of LIBOR, 
11.00 a.m. Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, 11.00 a.m. Stockholm time, in the case of 
STIBOR or 12.00 noon Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR, on the Interest Determination Date 
in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all 
as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five 
or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, 
if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the 
purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered 
quotations.
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event 
that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such offered 
quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, 
in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero.
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest.
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest.
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period.  
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to:
(i)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) Registered 
Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the Notes 
represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or
(ii)
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount;
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple

--- Page 62 ---
53
of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product 
of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any 
further rounding.
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 5.2:
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365;
(iii)
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366;
(iv)
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360;
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30;
(vi)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
















360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360








--- Page 63 ---
54
where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and
(vii)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:
Day Count Fraction = 
where:
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls;
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls;
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls;
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.
(e)
Linear Interpolation
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360








--- Page 64 ---
55
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate.
(f)
Benchmark Discontinuation
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 5.2, if the relevant Issuer, in consultation with 
the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), 
determines that a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time when 
the Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by 
reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply.
(i)
Independent Adviser
The relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and any Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as further 
described below) no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date) for 
purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding 
Interest Period and for all future Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 5.2(f) during any other future Interest Period(s)).
(ii)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
determines that:
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent 
further operation of this Condition 5.2(f)); or
(B)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iii)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes 
(subject to the subsequent further operation of this Condition 5.2(f)).
(iii)
Adjustment Spread
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(ii), 
the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) shall 
determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum, or a 
formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or zero)), which 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant 
component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable), subject to the subsequent further operation and adjustment as provided in this 
Condition 5.2(f).

--- Page 65 ---
56
(iv)
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 5.2(f) and the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions 
(including, without limitation, amendments to the definitions of Additional Business Centre, 
Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date or 
Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments (which shall not impose 
more onerous obligations on the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest or 
expose it to any additional duties or liabilities without such party's consent), then the relevant 
Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(v), without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these 
Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified 
in such notice.
At the request of the relevant Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Calculation Agent shall (at the relevant Issuer’s expense and direction), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders or Couponholders, be obliged to 
concur with the relevant Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments required to the 
Agency Agreement and these Conditions.
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.2(f)(iv), the relevant 
Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on or by 
which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to trading.
(v)
Notices, etc.
The relevant Issuer shall promptly notify the party responsible for determining the Rate of 
Interest (being the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders of any Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark Amendments 
determined under Condition 5.2(f)(iv). Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.
(vi)
Survival of Original Reference Rate
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under this Condition 5.2(f), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 5.2(b)(ii) will 
continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, as applicable) has been notified of the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be), any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark 
Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(v).
(vii)
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest Determination Date, the relevant Issuer 
is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) is determined pursuant to this provision and notified to the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date, the original 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) will continue to apply for the purposes of determining 
such Rate of Interest on such Interest Determination Date, with the effect that the fallback

--- Page 66 ---
57
provisions provided elsewhere in these Conditions will continue to apply to such 
determination.
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 5.2(f), if in the Principal Paying Agent’s 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 5.2(f), the Principal Paying Agent shall promptly 
notify the relevant Issuer and/or the Independent Advisor thereof and the relevant Issuer shall direct 
the Principal Paying Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Principal 
Paying Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the relevant Issuer and/or the Independent 
Advisor (as the case may be) thereof and the Principal Paying Agent shall be under no obligation to 
make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so.
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f):
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser (acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is required to be applied to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology 
which:
(a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or
(b)
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith determines and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary usage 
in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be); or
(c)
(if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines to be appropriate;
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent Adviser (acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines in accordance with Condition 
5.2(f)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for the same interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the 
Independent Adviser determines there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is most comparable to the 
relevant Reference Rate;
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(f)(iv);
"Benchmark Event" means:
(a)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; 
(b)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate

--- Page 67 ---
58
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date 
falling six months prior to the date specified in (b)(i) above; 
(c)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; 
(d)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
date specified in (d)(i) above;
(e)
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred 
to in (e)(i) above; 
(f)
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for any Paying 
Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer or other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original 
Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the EU Benchmarks Regulation, if 
applicable); or
(g)
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate announcing that such Original Reference Rate is no longer representative or 
may no longer be used;
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the relevant Issuer at its own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser 
appointed pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f) shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f);
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used to determine the Rate 
of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes;
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a Reference Rate:
(a)
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency 
to which the Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate; or
(b)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Reference Rate, (c) a 
group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties to adopt, by any Relevant 
Nominating Body.

--- Page 68 ---
59
(g)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and 
each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to 
the relevant Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. 
Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be notified to 
each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). For the purposes of this paragraph, the 
expression London Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in London.
(h)
Certificates to be final
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 5.2 by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the other Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default 
or bad faith) no liability to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, in connection with 
the exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions.
5.3
Step Up Option
This Condition 5.3 applies to Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicates that the 
Step Up Option is applicable (Step Up Notes). 
The Rate of Interest for Step Up Notes will be the Rate of Interest specified in, or determined in the 
manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, provided that if a Step Up Event has occurred, then 
for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately following the 
first Notification Deadline after the Reference Year, the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the Step 
Up Margin (such increase, a Step Up).
For the avoidance of doubt, a Step Up may only occur once during the term of the Step Up Notes. The 
Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) will 
not decrease to the Initial Rate of Interest or the Initial Margin, as applicable, regardless of any of the 
Recycled Materials Percentage, the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage, the Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Percentage for any other specified Reference Year following the occurrence of a Step Up. 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Event and the related increase in the Rate of Interest 
(in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) to be notified to the 
Principal Paying Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 14, the Noteholders as soon as reasonably 
practicable after such occurrence and in no event later than the relevant Notification Deadline. 
In this Condition:
Assurance Provider means (i) in respect of the Recycled Materials Condition and the Scope 1 and 2 
GHG Emissions Condition, Deloitte AB; or (ii) in respect of the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition, 
an independent, qualified assurance provider with relevant expertise, as outlined in the Guidelines for 
Green, Social and Sustainability Bonds External Reviews Principles June 2020 (as amended from time 
to time, the Voluntary Guidelines), to be appointed by H&M, or, in the event that either of such

--- Page 69 ---
60
assurance providers resigns or is otherwise replaced, such other independent, qualified provider(s) 
with relevant expertise, as outlined in the Voluntary Guidelines, appointed by H&M; 
Assurance Report has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting Requirements below;
GHG Protocol Standard means the document titled “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)” published by the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute (as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Step Up Notes); 
Group means H&M and its subsidiaries;
Initial Rate of Interest means, in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the initial Rate of Interest specified in 
the applicable Final Terms;
Initial Margin means, in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the initial Margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms;
Notification Deadline means, in relation to any Reporting Year, the date falling 120 days after 31 
December in such Reporting Year;
Observation Period means the Recycled Materials Observation Period, Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Observation Period and/or Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation Period, applicable;
Recycled Materials means materials used in the Group’s commercial goods that have been 
reprocessed from reclaimed materials by means of a manufacturing process and made into new 
materials;
Recycled Materials Condition means the condition that: 
(i)
the SLB Progress Report and the Assurance Report relating to the Recycled Materials 
Observation Period for each Reporting Year have been published by H&M in accordance 
with the applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than the relevant Notification 
Deadline; and
(ii)
the Recycled Materials Percentage in respect of the Recycled Materials Observation Period 
for any Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report referred to in 
paragraph (i) above, was equal to or greater than the Recycled Materials Percentage 
Threshold in respect of such Reference Year,
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met, H&M shall be deemed to have failed 
to satisfy the Recycled Materials Condition in respect of the relevant Reporting Year or Reference 
Year, as applicable;
Recycled Materials Event occurs if H&M fails to satisfy the Recycled Materials Condition in respect 
of any Reporting Year or Reference Year, as applicable;
Recycled Materials Event Step-Up Margin means the margin specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the Recycled Materials Event Step-Up Margin;
Recycled Materials Observation Period means for any Reporting Year (including, for the avoidance 
of doubt, any Reference Year, the period commencing on the Saturday on or nearest to 1 December in 
the previous calendar year, and ending on the Friday on or nearest to 30 November in such calendar 
year;
Recycled Materials Percentage means, in respect of any Recycled Materials Observation Period, the 
proportion that Recycled Materials represents of Total Materials for such Recycled Materials

--- Page 70 ---
61
Observation Period (expressed as a percentage and rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 
rounded upwards), as calculated in good faith by H&M, confirmed by the Assurance Provider and 
reported by H&M in the relevant SLB Progress Report;
Recycled Materials Percentage Threshold means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being the Recycled Materials Percentage Threshold in respect of the 
relevant Reference Year(s);
Reference Year means the calendar year(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the 
Reference Year(s);
Reporting Requirements means in respect of each Observation Period for any Reporting Year, the 
requirement that H&M publish on its website, and in accordance with applicable laws, (i) (A) the 
Recycled Materials Percentage for the relevant Recycled Materials Observation Period; (B) the then 
current Scope 1 and 2 Baseline, the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions and the Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Percentage for the relevant Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Observation Period; (C) the then 
current Scope 3 Baseline, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions and the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage 
for the relevant Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation Period, as well as in each case, the relevant 
calculation methodology, all as indicated in its sustainability-linked bond progress report, (the SLB 
Progress Report) (ii) an assurance report issued by the Assurance Provider (the Assurance Report) 
in respect of its Recycled Materials Percentage, Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions, Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Percentage, Scope 3 GHG Emissions and Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage provided in 
the SLB Progress Report; and (iii) in the event of any recalculation of the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline or 
the Scope 3 Baseline, an assurance report issued by the Assurance Provider confirming H&M’s 
recalculation of (A) the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline (the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline Assurance Report) 
and/or (B) the Scope 3 Baseline (the Scope 3 Baseline Assurance Report) and in either case, 
confirming that there has been a significant change in H&M Group’s structure during the relevant 
Observation Period (that is, a change driving an increase or decrease in Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
or Scope 3 GHG Emissions, as the case may be, of 5 per cent. or more), which warrants recalculation 
of the relevant baseline. The SLB Progress Report, the Assurance Report and (if applicable) the Scope 
1 and 2 Baseline Assurance Report and the Scope 3 Baseline Assurance Report relating to any 
Observation Period will be published no later than the date falling 120 days after (i) in the case of a 
Recycled Materials Observation Period or a Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Observation Period, 31 
December in the calendar year in which such Observation Period ends; or (ii) in the case of a Scope 3 
GHG Emissions Observation Period, 31 December in the calendar year immediately following the 
calendar year in which such Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation Period ends;
Reporting Year means, for any Series of Step Up Notes, each calendar year, commencing with the 
calendar year in which such Notes are issued, up to and including the latest Reference Year for such 
Notes;
Scope 1 and 2 Baseline means, in thousands of metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (kt CO2e), 
the sum of Scope 1 Emissions and Scope 2 Emissions (calculated using the market-based method) for 
the period 1 September 2016 to 31 August 2017, as initially reported in H&M’s Annual Report and 
Financial Statements 2017 and, if applicable, recalculated in good faith by H&M to reflect any 
significant or structural changes to the Group in the relevant Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Observation Period, confirmed by the Assurance Provider in a Scope 1 and 2 Baseline Assurance 
Report and published by H&M in the latest SLB Progress Report in accordance with the applicable 
Reporting Requirements;
Scope 1 and 2 Baseline Assurance Report has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting 
Requirements above;
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions means in kt CO2e, the sum of:

--- Page 71 ---
62
(i)
direct greenhouse gas emissions from sources owned or controlled by the Group as defined by 
the GHG Protocol Standard (the Scope 1 Emissions); and
(ii)
indirect greenhouse gas emissions from electricity and heat purchased or acquired by the 
Group and used in its operations, as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard (the Scope 2 
Emissions),
in each case as calculated in good faith by H&M in respect of a Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Observation Period, confirmed by the Assurance Provider and reported by H&M in the relevant SLB 
Progress Report;
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Condition means the condition that: 
(i)
the SLB Progress Report and the Assurance Report relating to the Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Observation Period for each Reporting Year and (if applicable) the related Scope 1 
and 2 Baseline Assurance Report have been published by H&M in accordance with the 
applicable Reporting Requirements by no later than the relevant Notification Deadline; and
(ii)
the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage in respect of the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Observation Period for any Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report 
referred to in paragraph (i) above, was equal to or greater than the Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Percentage Threshold in respect of such Reference Year,
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met, H&M shall be deemed to have failed 
to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Condition in respect of the relevant Reporting Year or 
Reference Year, as applicable;
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event occurs if H&M fails to satisfy the Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Condition in respect of any Reporting Year or Reference Year, as applicable;
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event Step-Up Margin means the margin specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event Step-Up Margin;
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Observation Period means for any Reporting Year (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, any Reference Year), the period commencing on 1 September in the previous 
calendar year and ending on 31 August in such calendar year;
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage means, in respect of any Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Observation Period, the percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) 
by which Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions for such Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Observation Period 
are reduced in comparison to the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline, as calculated in good faith by H&M, 
confirmed by the Assurance Provider and reported by H&M in the relevant SLB Progress Report;
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold means the threshold (expressed as a 
percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Percentage Threshold in respect of the relevant Reference Year(s).
For the avoidance of doubt, any significant or structural change to the Group will not result in any 
adjustment to the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold(s), but may result in the 
recalculation of the Scope 1 and 2 Baseline;
Scope 3 Baseline means, in kt CO2e, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions (calculated using an external 
consultant) for the period 1 January 2016 to 31 December 2016, as initially reported in H&M’s 
Sustainability Report 2017 and, if applicable, recalculated in good faith by H&M to reflect any 
significant or structural changes to the Group in the relevant Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation

--- Page 72 ---
63
Period, confirmed by the Assurance Provider in a Scope 3 Baseline Assurance Report and published 
by H&M in the latest SLB Progress Report in accordance with the applicable Reporting Requirements;
Scope 3 Baseline Assurance Report has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting 
Requirements above;
Scope 3 GHG Emissions means in kt CO2e, indirect greenhouse gas emissions related to fabric 
production, garment manufacturing, raw materials and upstream transport of the Group, as defined by 
the GHG Protocol Standard, as calculated in good faith by H&M in respect of a Scope 3 GHG 
Emissions Observation Period, confirmed by the Assurance Provider and reported by H&M in the 
relevant SLB Progress Report;
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition means the condition that: 
(i)
the SLB Progress Report and the Assurance Report relating to the Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
Observation Period for each Reporting Year and (if applicable) the related Scope 3 Baseline 
Assurance Report have been published by H&M in accordance with the applicable Reporting 
Requirements by no later than the relevant Notification Deadline; and
(ii)
the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage in respect of the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation 
Period for any Reference Year, as shown in the relevant SLB Progress Report referred to in 
paragraph (i) above, was equal to or greater than the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage 
Threshold in respect of such Reference Year,
and if the requirements of paragraph(s) (i) and/or (ii) are not met, H&M shall be deemed to have failed 
to satisfy the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition in respect of the relevant Reporting Year or 
Reference Year, as applicable;
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event occurs if H&M fails to satisfy the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Condition 
in respect of any Reporting Year or Reference Year, as applicable;
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Step-Up Margin means the margin specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event Step-Up Margin;
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation Period means for any Reporting Year (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Reference Year), the period commencing on 1 January in the previous 
calendar year and ending on 31 December in the previous calendar year;
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage means, in respect of any Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation 
Period, the percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions for such Scope 3 GHG Emissions Observation Period are reduced in 
comparison to the Scope 3 Baseline, as calculated in good faith by H&M, confirmed by the Assurance 
Provider and reported by H&M in the relevant SLB Progress Report;
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold means the threshold (expressed as a percentage) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold in 
respect of the relevant Reference Year(s).
For the avoidance of doubt, any significant or structural change to the Group will not result in any 
adjustment to the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Percentage Threshold(s), but may result in the recalculation 
of the Scope 3 Baseline;
SLB Progress Report has the meaning given to it in the definition of Reporting Requirements above;
Step Up Event occurs if one or more of a Recycled Materials Event, a Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Event or a Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event occurs;

--- Page 73 ---
64
Step Up Margin means the aggregate of:
(i)
where a Recycled Materials Event has occurred, the Recycled Materials Event Step-Up 
Margin;
(ii)
where a Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Event has occurred, the Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
Event Step-Up Margin; and
(iii)
where a Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event has occurred, the Scope 3 GHG Emissions Event 
Step-Up Margin; and
Total Materials means all of the materials used in the Group’s commercial goods.
5.4
Accrual of interest
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
and notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices).
6.
PAYMENTS
6.1
Method of payment
Subject as provided below:
(a)
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and
(b)
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee.
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.
6.2
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made 
in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression,

--- Page 74 ---
65
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia 
and its possessions)).
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would 
otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter.
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity 
Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will 
be issued in respect thereof.
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons 
shall be made in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate 
Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate 
interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note.
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, 
as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the 
relevant definitive Bearer Note.
6.3
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in bearer 
form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive 
Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable 
against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between 
any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the 
Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as applicable.
6.4
Payments in respect of Registered Notes
Payments of principal (other than instalments of principal prior to the final instalment) in respect of 
each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified 
office of the Registrar or any of the Paying Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the 
Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Note appearing in the register of holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the 
Registrar (the Register) (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where the specified

--- Page 75 ---
66
office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date. For these purposes, Designated 
Account means the account (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non resident of 
Japan, shall be a non resident account) maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified 
as such in the Register and Designated Bank means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency 
other than euro) a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency 
(which, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in 
euro.
Payments of interest and payments of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) in 
respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be made by transfer on the due 
date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered 
Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day (being for this 
purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the 
relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close of business on the fifteenth day 
(whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the relevant due date (the Record Date).  
Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered Note on redemption and the final instalment 
of principal will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such Registered 
Note.
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes.
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for 
any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests 
in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial ownership interests.
6.5
General provisions applicable to payments
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount 
so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look 
solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment 
so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such Global Note.
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if:
(a)
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount 
of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due;
(b)
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and
(c)
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor.

--- Page 76 ---
67
6.6
Payment Day
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is:
(a)
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits):
(i)
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and
(ii)
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(b)
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and
(c)
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open.
6.7
Interpretation of principal and interest
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable:
(a)
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
(Taxation);
(b)
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(c)
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes;
(d)
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes;
(e)
the Change of Control Redemption Amount;
(f)
the Clean-Up Call Amount;
(g)
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
relevant Issuer under or in respect of the Notes.
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 8 
(Taxation).

--- Page 77 ---
68
7.
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE
7.1
Redemption at maturity
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.
7.2
Redemption for tax reasons
Subject to Condition 7.8, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but 
not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if 
this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and, 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if:
(a)
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the relevant Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) 
or the Guarantor would for reasons outside its control be required to pay such additional 
amounts, in each case, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of a Tax Jurisdiction (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)), or any change in the application 
or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
Notes; and
(b)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the relevant Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by two Directors of the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, two Directors of the 
Guarantor stating that the relevant Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a 
statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the relevant Issuer so to redeem 
have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment.
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.8 below together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption.
7.3
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) (which notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) 
the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Where the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms is Make-whole Amount, any such notice of redemption may, at the relevant 
Issuer’s discretion, be subject to one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall

--- Page 78 ---
69
state that, in the relevant Issuer’s discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such 
time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole 
discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any 
or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied (or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole 
discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any 
such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and 
not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if Make-whole Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be the higher of (i) 100 per cent. of the nominal amount outstanding of 
the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of 
the Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest 
accrued to the date of redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such 
amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (based on the Day Count Fraction specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, all as 
determined by the Determination Agent. 
In this Condition: 
DA Selected Bond means a government security or securities (which if the Specified Currency is 
euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having an actual 
or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that would be utilised, at 
the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable maturity to the 
remaining term of the Notes; 
Determination Agent means an investment bank or financial institution of international standing 
selected by the relevant Issuer; 
Quotation Time shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond;
Reference Bond Price means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average of 
the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the 
highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the Determination 
Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic 
average of all such quotations;
Reference Bond Rate means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed 
as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption;
Reference Date will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption;
Reference Government Bond Dealer means each of four banks selected by the relevant Issuer, or 
their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, 
or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the 
Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as

--- Page 79 ---
70
a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted in writing to 
the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and
Remaining Term Interest means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term of such Note (or, if Issuer Maturity Par 
Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the remaining term up to (but 
excluding) the first day of the Maturity Par Call Period as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on 
which such Note is to be redeemed by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7.3.
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a 
pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published 
in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.
7.4
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call)
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the 
Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Maturity Par Call Period 
specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption.
7.5
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form 
(for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar (a Put Notice) and in which the holder must specify a bank account to which 
payment is to be made under this Condition and, in the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount 
thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered 
is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such 
Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.2. If this 
Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence 
satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, 
be held to its order or under its control.
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this

--- Page 80 ---
71
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on his instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common 
depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time.
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.5 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant Issuer to withdraw the 
notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.5 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable 
pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
7.6
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a change of control (Change of Control Put)
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then this 
Condition 7.6 shall apply.
A Change of Control Put Event will be deemed to occur if:
(a)
any person or any persons acting in concert (other than the Existing Majority Owners) shall 
acquire a controlling interest in (A) more than 50 per cent., of the issued or allotted ordinary 
share capital of H&M or (B) shares in the issued or allotted ordinary share capital of H&M 
carrying more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting 
of H&M (each such event being, a Change of Control); and
(b)
on the date (the Relevant Announcement Date) that is the earlier of (x) the date of the earliest 
Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any) and (y) the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control, the Notes carry:
(i)
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) from any 
Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or with the consent 
of H&M) and such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of Control 
Period either downgraded to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or 
equivalent or worse) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control Period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) 
reinstated to an investment grade credit rating by such Rating Agency; or
(ii)
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) from 
any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or with the 
consent of H&M) and such rating from any Rating Agency is within the Change of 
Control Period downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, Ba1/BB+/BB+ 
to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within the Change of Control 
Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a 
withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; or
(iii)
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event also occurs 
within the Change of Control Period,
and
(c)
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to H&M that such downgrading and/or withdrawal resulted, 
directly or indirectly, from the Change of Control or the Potential Change of Control 
Announcement (whether or not the Change of Control shall have occurred at the time such 
rating is downgraded and/or withdrawn). Upon receipt by H&M or the relevant Issuer of any

--- Page 81 ---
72
such written confirmation, H&M or the relevant Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such 
written confirmation to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).
If the rating designations employed by Moody's, S&P or Fitch are changed from those which are 
described in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Change of Control Put Event" above, or if a rating is 
procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the relevant Issuer shall determine the rating designations 
of Moody's, S&P or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent to 
the prior rating designations of Moody's, S&P or Fitch and this Condition 7.6 shall be construed 
accordingly.
If a Change of Control Put Event occurs, the holder of any Note will have the option to require the 
relevant Issuer to redeem or, at the relevant Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) such 
Note on the Change of Control Put Date (as defined below) at the Change of Control Redemption 
Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption or 
purchase.
Promptly upon the relevant Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred 
and, in any event, within 5 days of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control Put Event, the 
relevant Issuer shall give notice (a Change of Control Put Event Notice) to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the nature of the Change of Control Put Event and 
the circumstances giving rise to it and the procedure for exercising the option set out in this Condition 
7.6.
If this Note is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise 
the option to require redemption or purchase of this Note under this Condition 7.6, the holder of this 
Note must deliver, at the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) at any time during normal business 
hours of such Paying Agent or the Registrar or such Transfer Agent falling within the Change of 
Control Put Period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) (a Change of Control Put Option Notice) and in which 
the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) 
to which payment is to be made under this Condition accompanied by this Note and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal amount 
of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new Registered Note 
in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in accordance with 
Condition 2.2.
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, purchase 
of this Note under this Condition 7.6 the holder of this Note must, within the Change of Control Put 
Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the 
case of Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on that holder's instruction 
by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or common safekeeper, as 
the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Notes) by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time.
Any Change of Control Put Option Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this 
Condition 7.6 shall be irrevocable.

--- Page 82 ---
73
In these Conditions:
Change of Control Period means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date and 
ending 120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control or, where a Rating Agency has publicly 
announced that the Notes are under consideration for rating review or, as the case may be, rating (such 
public announcement being within the period ending 120 days after the Change of Control), the later 
of (i) such 120th day after the Change of Control and (ii) the date falling 60 days after such public 
announcement;
Change of Control Put Date is the seventh Business Day following the last day of the Change of 
Control Put Period;
Change of Control Put Period means the period from, and including, the date of a Change of Control 
Put Event Notice to, but excluding, the 45th day following the date of the Change of Control Put Event 
Notice or, if earlier, the eighth day immediately preceding the Maturity Date; 
Existing Majority Owners means Mr. Stefan Persson and/or any person directly or indirectly 
controlled by Mr. Stefan Persson or any spouse, child, parent, brother or sister of Mr. Stefan Persson;
Fitch means Fitch Ratings Limited;
Moody's means Moody's Investors Service Ltd;
Negative Rating Event shall be deemed to have occurred, if at any time there is no rating assigned to 
the Notes by any Rating Agency (at the invitation or with the consent of the relevant Issuer), either (i) 
the relevant Issuer does not, prior to or not later than 21 days after the occurrence of the relevant 
Change of Control, seek, and thereafter throughout the Change of Control Period use all reasonable 
endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Notes or (ii) if the relevant Issuer does so seek and use all such 
reasonable endeavours, it is unable to obtain such rating of at least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- 
or equivalent or better) by the end of the Change of Control Period and the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the relevant Issuer that the failure to issue a rating of at 
least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) was as a result, directly or indirectly, 
from the Change of Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the 
Change of Control had occurred at such time); 
a reference to a person includes any individual, company, corporation, unincorporated association or 
body (including a partnership, trust, fund, joint venture or consortium), government, state, agency, 
organisation or other entity whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Potential Change of Control Announcement means any public announcement or statement by or on 
behalf of the relevant Issuer, H&M, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of 
any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 120 days 
following the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs;
Rating Agency means Moody's, S&P or Fitch or any of their respective successors or any other rating 
agency (each a Substitute Rating Agency) of equivalent international standing specified by the 
relevant Issuer from time to time; and
S&P and Standard & Poor's means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited.
7.7
Clean-Up Call
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 80 
per cent. or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed pursuant to 
Conditions 7.5 and/or 7.6 or purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9, the relevant Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice

--- Page 83 ---
74
specified in applicable Final Terms to the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem or, at the relevant Issuer’s option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) all but not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at the Clean-Up Call Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of such 
redemption. The notice referred to in the preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
date fixed for redemption.
7.8
Early Redemption Amounts
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 above and Condition 10 (Events of Default): 
(a)
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount; 
and
(b)
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula:
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y
where:
RP
means the Reference Price;
AY
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and
y
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the 
-actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes 
to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which 
such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 
(in which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365). 
7.9
Purchases
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Subsidiary of the Guarantor may at any time purchase Notes 
(provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining 
thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, surrendered to any Paying 
Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation.
7.10
Cancellation
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.9 above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent and cannot 
be reissued or resold.

--- Page 84 ---
75
7.11
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1, 7.2, 7.3, 7.4, 7.5, 7.6 or 7.7 above or upon its becoming due and 
repayable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the 
amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as 
provided in Condition 7.8(b) above as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced 
by references to the date which is the earlier of:
(a)
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and
(b)
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar and 
notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices).
8.
TAXATION
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the relevant Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order 
that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons after such withholding or 
deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have 
been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any 
Note or Coupon:
(a)
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Sweden or, where the relevant Issuer is H&M 
Finance, the Netherlands; or
(b)
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note or Coupon by 
reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere 
holding of such Note or Coupon; or
(c)
where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 
2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), as amended, on payments due to a holder of a Note or a holder 
of a Coupon affiliated to the Issuer (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 
2021 as published in the Official Gazette (Staatsblad) Stb. 2019, 513 of 27 December 2019); 
or
(d)
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except 
to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.6).
As used herein:
(i)
Tax Jurisdiction means the Kingdom of Sweden or the Netherlands or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction 
or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which 
payments made by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, of principal and 
interest on the Notes become generally subject; and

--- Page 85 ---
76
(ii)
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on 
which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).
9.
PRESCRIPTION
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and 
five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) 
therefor.
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition or Condition 6.2 or any 
Talon which would be void pursuant to Condition 6.2.
10.
EVENTS OF DEFAULT
10.1
Events of Default
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing:
(a)
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days in the 
case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or
(b)
if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under these Conditions or the Guarantee and (except in any case where the failure is incapable 
of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) 
the failure continues for the period of 30 days next following the service by a Noteholder on 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) of written notice requiring the same 
to be remedied; or
(c)
(i)
any Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any of H&M’s Principal 
Subsidiaries is not paid when due or (as the case may be) within any originally 
applicable grace period;
(ii)
any Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of H&M’s Principal 
Subsidiaries becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of an 
event of default, howsoever described; or
(iii)
the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of H&M’s Principal Subsidiaries fails to pay 
when due any amount payable by it under any guarantee (as defined in Condition 4) 
of any Indebtedness,
provided that the amount of Indebtedness referred to in sub-paragraph (i) and/or subparagraph 
(ii) above and/or the amount payable under any guarantee referred to in subparagraph (iii) 
above individually or in the aggregate exceeds EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency or currencies);
(d)
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding up or 
dissolution of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of H&M's Principal Subsidiaries, save 
for the purposes of reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution; or

--- Page 86 ---
77
(e)
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of H&M's Principal Subsidiaries ceases or threatens 
to cease to carry on the whole or a substantial part of its business, save for the purposes of 
reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution, or the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor or any of H&M's Principal Subsidiaries stops or threatens to stop 
payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as 
they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any 
applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f)
if (i) proceedings are initiated against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of H&M's 
Principal Subsidiaries under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a 
court) for the appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or 
other similar official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other 
similar official is appointed, in relation to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of H&M's 
Principal Subsidiaries or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of 
the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole 
or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or (ii) a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force 
against the undertaking or assets of any of them (such undertaking or assets having an 
aggregate value of at least EUR 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency)) and (iii) 
in any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 30 days; 
or 
(g)
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any of H&M's Principal Subsidiaries initiates or 
consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, 
composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) 
or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or 
other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is 
convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally 
(or any class of its creditors); or
(h)
if, in the case of Notes issued by H&M Finance, the relevant Issuer ceases to be a subsidiary 
wholly owned and controlled, directly or indirectly, by H&M; or
(i)
if, in the case of Notes issued by H&M Finance, the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor not to be, in full force and effect; or
(j)
if any event occurs which, under the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden or the Netherlands or 
the law to which such Principal Subsidiary is subject, has or may have an analogous effect to 
any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d) to (i) above,
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the relevant Issuer at the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, 
declare any Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become 
forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to 
the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind.
10.2
Definitions
For the purposes of the Conditions:
Indebtedness means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised including (without 
limitation) any indebtedness for or in respect of:
(a)
amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility;

--- Page 87 ---
78
(b)
amounts raised under any note purchase facility;
(c)
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts which would, in 
accordance with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles, be treated as 
finance or capital leases;
(d)
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price for assets or services the payment 
of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days; and
(e)
amounts raised under any other similar transaction (including, without limitation, any forward 
sale or purchase agreement) having the commercial effect of a borrowing;
Person includes any individual, firm, company, corporation, government, state or agency of a state or 
any association, trust, joint venture, consortium, partnership or other entity (whether or not having 
separate legal personality); and
Principal Subsidiary means at any time a Subsidiary of H&M:
(a)
whose net sales (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or 
whose total assets (on an unconsolidated basis) represent in each case (or, in the case of a 
Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated accounts of H&M and its Subsidiaries relate, are equal to) not less than 10 per 
cent. of the aggregate net sales or, as the case may be, total consolidated assets, of H&M and 
its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the then latest 
audited accounts (consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and 
the then latest audited consolidated accounts of H&M and its Subsidiaries, provided that in 
the case of a Subsidiary of H&M acquired after the end of the financial period to which the 
then latest audited consolidated accounts of H&M and its Subsidiaries relate, the reference to 
the then latest audited consolidated accounts of H&M and its Subsidiaries for the purposes of 
the calculation above shall, until consolidated accounts for the financial period in which the 
acquisition is made have been prepared and audited (if applicable) as aforesaid, be deemed to 
be a reference to such first-mentioned accounts as if such Subsidiary had been shown in such 
accounts by reference to its then latest relevant audited accounts, adjusted as deemed 
appropriate by H&M;
(b)
to which is transferred (whether by one transaction or a series of transactions, related or not) 
the whole or substantially the whole of the assets of a Subsidiary of H&M which immediately 
prior to such transfer or transfers was a Principal Subsidiary, provided that the transferor 
Subsidiary shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Principal Subsidiary and the 
transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Principal Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph 
(b) on the date on which the consolidated accounts of H&M and its Subsidiaries for the 
financial period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid 
but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Principal 
Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, 
prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition,
all as more particularly defined in the Agency Agreement.
A report by two Directors of H&M that in their opinion a Subsidiary of H&M is or is not or was or 
was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Principal Subsidiary, shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.

--- Page 88 ---
79
11.
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or Coupons) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses 
as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued.
12.
AGENTS
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms.
The relevant Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent 
acts, provided that:
(a)
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar;
(b)
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) and 
a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place as may 
be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority; and
(c)
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
Kingdom of Sweden or, where the relevant Issuer is H&M Finance, the Netherlands. 
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5. Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the Noteholders promptly by the relevant 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder 
or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any 
Agent is merged or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or 
substantially all of its assets to become the successor agent.
13.
EXCHANGE OF TALONS
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 9 
(Prescription).
14.
NOTICES
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The relevant Issuer shall 
also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by

--- Page 89 ---
80
which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. Couponholders shall be 
deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Bearer 
Notes.
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class mail 
or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint holders) at 
their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been given on the fourth 
day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules.
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites or such mailing the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the 
holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are 
admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant 
authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or 
relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by 
those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes (i) on the 
day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, where such 
notice is given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg before 4.00 p.m. (Central European 
time); or (ii) on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg where it is given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg after 4.00 
p.m. (Central European time).
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes). Whilst any of 
the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose.
15.
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons, the Guarantee or any of the provisions of the Agency Agreement or the Guarantee. Such a 
meeting may be convened by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor and shall be convened by the relevant 
Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than five per cent. in nominal amount of 
the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more 
persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or 
represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the Guarantee (including modifying the date of maturity of 
the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal 
or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes, altering the currency of payment of the Notes or 
the Coupons or amending the Deed of Covenant in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more

--- Page 90 ---
81
persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not 
less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Agency 
Agreement provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on 
such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-
fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by way 
of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Principal 
Paying Agent) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution 
of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all the 
Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any meeting, and whether or not they voted on the 
resolution, and on all Couponholders.
The Principal Paying Agent and the relevant Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders 
or Couponholders, to:
(a)
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant 
or the Agency Agreement which is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or
(b)
any modification as a result of the operation of Condition 5.2(f); or
(c)
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant or the 
Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a 
manifest error or to comply with mandatory provisions of the law.
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon 
as practicable thereafter.
16.
FURTHER ISSUES
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes.
17.
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.
18.
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION
18.1
Governing law
The Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee, 
the Deed of Covenant, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law.

--- Page 91 ---
82
18.2
Submission to jurisdiction
(a)
Subject to Condition 18.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any 
dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the 
consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly 
each of the relevant Issuer and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute 
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
(b)
For the purposes of this Condition 18.2, the relevant Issuer waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute. 
(c)
To the extent allowed by law, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, in respect of any 
Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction; and (ii) 
concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.
18.3
Appointment of Process Agent
The Issuers and the Guarantor irrevocably appoint H & M Hennes & Mauritz UK Ltd at its registered 
office at 1st Floor, UK House, 164-182 Oxford Street, London, W1D 1NN, United Kingdom as their 
agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts in relation to any Dispute 
and agree that, in the event of H & M Hennes & Mauritz UK Ltd being unable or unwilling for any 
reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person as its agent for service of process in 
England in respect of any Dispute. The Issuers and the Guarantor agree that failure by a process agent 
to notify it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law.
18.4
Other documents and the Guarantor
The relevant Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor have in the Agency Agreement, the 
Guarantee and the Deed of Covenant submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed 
an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 92 ---
83
USE OF PROCEEDS
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the relevant Issuer for its general corporate 
purposes, which include making a profit. If, in respect of an issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 93 ---
84
DESCRIPTION OF H&M FINANCE
H&M Finance is a designated activity company (limited by shares) (besloten vennootschap) incorporated 
under the laws of the Netherlands, having its statutory seat in Amsterdam and registered in the Dutch Chamber 
of Commerce register under the corporate registration number 78444586 and is subject to, inter alia, provisions 
on private limited companies (besloten vennootschappen) and general company law as included in the Dutch 
Civil Code (Burgerlijk Wetboek). Its registered office is Keizersgracht 271, 1016 ED Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands (telephone number: +31 20 55 67 777). H&M Finance was incorporated on 30 June 2020. H&M 
is the direct owner of 100 per cent. of H&M Finance’s shares and the ultimate parent company of H&M 
Finance. 
H&M Finance’s principal trading activity is to be a financing provider to other companies within the Group. 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, H&M Finance has 0 employees. H&M Finance has not yet prepared 
any financial statements for any period since its incorporation.
1.1
Organisation and Operations
H&M Finance is an internal finance provider established purely for the purpose of issuing bonds under the 
Programme and onlending to entities within the Group. 
1.2
The Board of Directors
H&M Finance’s board of directors consists of one managing director. 
As at the date of this Offering Circular, the managing director of H&M Finance is: 
Name
Position
Principal activities
H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB
Managing director
Parent company of the Group. The Group is a global retail company.
The business address of the managing director of H&M Finance is Mäster Samuelsgatan 46 A, SE-106 38 
Stockholm, Sweden.
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties of the managing director of H&M Finance to 
H&M Finance and its private interests and/or other duties.
1.3
Shareholders
H&M Finance is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of H&M. The issued share capital of H&M Finance is 
EUR 50,000.00, consisting of 50,000 ordinary shares. The rights of H&M as a shareholder in H&M Finance 
are contained in the articles of association of H&M Finance. H&M Finance is managed in accordance with 
those articles and with the provisions of Dutch law.

--- Page 94 ---
85
DESCRIPTION OF H&M
OVERVIEW
H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ) (H&M) is a public limited liability company incorporated under the 
laws of the Kingdom of Sweden and is regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen 
(2005:551)), with corporate identity number 556042-7220. Its registered office is Mäster Samuelsgatan 46A, 
SE-106 38 Stockholm, Sweden (telephone number: +46 (0)8 796 55 00). H&M is the parent company of a 
number of subsidiaries which are incorporated in Sweden as well as outside of Sweden. References in this 
business description to the “Group” are to H&M and its subsidiaries, unless the context provides otherwise.
The Group is a global retail company, which offers fashion and design for women, men, teenagers, children 
and babies, sportswear, underwear, cosmetics, accessories and shoes as well as home decoration and 
furnishing. The Group operates under the following main brands: “H&M”, “COS”, “Monki”, “Weekday”, 
“& Other Stories”, “H&M HOME”, “ARKET” and “Afound”. These brands have been created to 
complement each other and each of them has their own unique identity. Some stores, mainly at ARKET, 
also include a café. Each brand has its own design and buying department. Afound departs from this model 
since it’s a marketplace for discounted products from other brands. As at the date of this Offering Circular, 
the Group, including franchise operations, reaches customers around the world through its network of around 
4,900 physical stores in 74 countries with online stores in 53 of those markets. This omni-channel strategy 
is aimed at providing the Group’s customers with the option to move freely between the various channels 
and to choose whether they want to shop and experience the offering in store, online or, for example, through 
social media. Most of the Group’s brands are available on external e-commerce platforms. Furthermore, the 
Group’s brands COS, Monki, Weekday, & Other Stories and ARKET have a global delivery and return 
service enabling shipping to customers in around 70 countries outside the coverage of its physical stores. In 
addition, the Group is the majority owner of “Sellpy”, an e-commerce platform for second-hand items. The 
Group has also launched a business-to-business initiative, “Treadler”, through which the Group will offer 
access to its global supply chain as a service to external companies. 
For the financial year ended 30 November 2020, the Group generated net sales (excluding VAT) of SEK 
187,031 million, compared to SEK 232,755 million for the financial year ended 30 November 2019, and an 
operating profit of SEK 3,099 million (SEK 17,346 million in 2019), with a corresponding operating margin 
of 1.7 per cent. in 2020 compared to 7.5 per cent. in 2019. The Group’s net sales (excluding VAT) amounted 
to SEK 142,154 million for the first nine months of 2021, compared to SEK 134,482 million for the first 
nine months of 2020 (an increase of 6 per cent.), and the operating profit amounted to SEK 8,996 million 
for the first nine month of 2021 compared to an operating loss of SEK 798 million for the same period in 
2020, with a corresponding operating margin of 6.3 per cent. in the first nine months of 2021 compared to -
0.6 per cent. in 2020. The Group is one of the largest own-branded fashion retailers in the world by turnover 
and global presence and had approximately 153,000 employees as at 31 August 2021 compared to 153,000 
as at 30 November 2020 and 179,000 as at 30 November 2019.
HISTORY
Incorporation
The Group was incorporated in Västerås, Sweden on 4 October 1947 under the name Hennes, for the purpose 
of selling women’s clothing. The Group’s name was changed to Hennes & Mauritz following the acquisition 
of Mauritz Widforss in 1968, resulting in the expansion of its offering to men and children. In connection 
with its listing on the Swedish stock exchange in 1974, the Group’s name was shortened to “H&M”.    
Expansion and Growth
Over the years, the Group has developed a business model that has resulted in increased growth, and the 
Group has adhered to a philosophy of centralised control from its headquarters in Sweden with a gradual 
expansion of its retail presence outside of Sweden.

--- Page 95 ---
86
In 1964, H&M opened its first retail store outside Sweden, in Oslo, Norway. International expansion outside 
of Scandinavia, however, did not occur until 1976 when the Group opened its first store in England. In the 
same year the Group established a Country Sales Organisation (CSO) in Switzerland and in 1978 they started 
operations in Germany. After establishing the German CSO, it took almost a decade before the Group opened 
its next CSO. Since then, rapid expansion worldwide has followed. The Group opened its first online store 
in 1998. In 2000, the Group opened its first non-European store in New York. The first H&M store in Asia, 
a full concept store, opened in Hong Kong in 2007. Mexico became H&M’s first market in Latin America 
in 2012. H&M opened in Australia in 2014, followed by India and South Africa in 2015. In parallel, rapid 
digital expansion took place with the number of online markets growing from 13 to 43 markets between 
2014 and 2017. In tandem with launches on external platforms in markets such as China and India in 2018 
and 2019, online expansion continued, reaching 51 markets in 2019.
In light of the shift in fashion retail towards digital sales, the Group has made significant investments over 
several years in order to better adapt to changing consumer behaviour and increasing customer expectations. 
Investments, and initiatives related to this, include, among other things: completing the migration of all 
H&M online markets to a new online platform in 2019; implementing new logistics systems and new high-
tech logistics centres; integrating digital and physical channels while optimising the Group’s store portfolio; 
closing down Cheap Monday in 2019; increasing assortment relevance by the extended use of advanced 
analytics and Artificial Intelligence; and creating Business Tech, a new organisation within the Group aimed 
at increasing speed, flexibility and efficiency. Business Tech has now gradually replaced the previous 
separate functions of IT, Advanced Analytics & AI and Business Development.
In parallel, the Group has over the years made significant investments in sustainability in order to increase 
resilience, meet customers’ growing demand for responsibly sourced products and contribute to a more 
sustainable fashion industry. With its vision of leading the change towards circular and climate-positive 
fashion as a fair and equal company, the Group is working extensively and transparently to improve working 
conditions in the supply chain and to ensure the sustainable use of resources. With the aim of achieving 
profitable growth while contributing to sustainable development, the Group is continually testing and 
developing new concepts and business models.
The Group expects the current crisis resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak, and its massive effect on 
society, to further accelerate digitalisation and highlight the importance of increased sustainability going 
forward. Due to its long-term investments, customer-centric approach and ongoing transformation work, the 
Group considers itself to be well positioned to adapt to both of these growing waves of change. 
Brand and segment development
Since its inception, the Group has sought to consistently develop a distinctive brand image across an 
expanding number of products, price tiers, and markets. The Group’s products, which include fashion for 
women, men, teenagers, children and babies, sportswear, underwear, cosmetics, accessories and shoes as 
well as home decoration and furnishing, are some of the world’s most widely recognised brands. The Group 
seeks to combine consumer insight with its design, marketing, and imaging skills to offer broad fashion and 
lifestyle product collections. 
In 2004, the Group started to collaborate with designer Karl Lagerfeld and since then, brands such as Versace, 
Roberto Cavalli, Alexander Wang and Stella McCartney have been invited to collaborate with the Group. 
In 2007, the brand COS was born, with its first location in London, UK. Then, the brands Weekday, Monki, 
and Cheap Monday joined the Group through the acquisition of FaBric Scandinavien AB. Home decoration 
and furnishing was added to the Group’s offering through the launch of H&M Home in 2009. 
In 2010, H&M launched a full fashion collection made from sustainable materials. Garment collecting was 
introduced worldwide in 2013 and since the start, more than 100,000 tonnes of old textiles have been brought 
by customers into the stores of H&M and other brands of the Group, for reuse and recycling. Another brand 
was added to the Group in 2013: & Other Stories, with design studios in Paris, Stockholm and Los Angeles.

--- Page 96 ---
87
In 2014, the new H&M Sport range was launched offering fashionable sportswear in functional fabrics for 
the entire family. H&M Beauty, a full range of specially designed makeup, body care and hair styling 
products was launched in 2015.
The brand ARKET was created as a modern-day market offering a broad yet selective range of essentials for 
men, women and children, and a smaller assortment for the home. Launched in 2017, ARKET has its roots 
in the functional and timeless design of the Nordic tradition. The first store opened on Regent Street in 
London as well as online at arket.com in 18 European markets. 
The brand Afound was launched in June 2018. 
BRAND PORTFOLIO AND BRAND POSITIONING
The Group operates through a number of clearly defined brands, each with its own unique identity covering 
mainly fashion, accessories, sportswear, beauty, home decoration and furnishing. Every brand has a design 
and buying department, in which teams of people from differing backgrounds and with wide ranging 
experience and skills work together to create collections to suit customers’ wishes. COS, Weekday, Monki, 
& Other Stories and ARKET, in addition to their market presence mentioned below, also deliver to around 
70 markets through a global online sales service. However, the “H&M” brand continues to generate by far 
the largest proportion of net sales, representing approximately 90 per cent. of total sales (excluding tax) for 
the year ended 30 November 2020 and 90 per cent. for the nine months ended 31 August 2021.
The following list represents the Group’s principal brands (store and market data in the below brand texts 
are as at the date of this Offering Circular):
H&M, the brand, strives to offer the very best combination of fashion, quality, price and sustainability with 
collections for women, men, teenagers, children and babies. The “H&M” brand has 4,289 physical stores in 
74 markets of which 53 have online stores, offering clothing in line with current fashion trends as well as 
basic essentials. The “H&M” product range also includes sportswear, underwear, cosmetics, accessories and 
shoes. H&M’s upgraded customer loyalty programme has grown rapidly and currently has over 70 million 
members in around 20 markets.
H&M HOME is a design-driven interior brand, offering decorations and accessories for living rooms, 
kitchens, bedrooms, bathrooms and children’s rooms. With a contemporary style and attention to detail, the 
collections include bed linen, dinnerware, furniture and lamps. H&M HOME was launched in 2009 and is 
sold via shop-in-shops in 394 H&M stores, 25 standalone concept stores, as well as online in 42 markets.
COS is a fashion brand for women, men and children who want classic, modern and functional design. Since 
launching in 2007, COS has opened stores worldwide in targeted locations and online. COS is available 
online in 34 markets and in 276 stores in 46 markets. 
WEEKDAY is a Swedish denim and fashion brand influenced by youth culture and street style. Founded in 
2002, Weekday is available online in 30 markets and has 57 stores in 16 countries. Weekday provides a 
curated mix of women’s and men’s assortments as well as a small selection of external brands. Weekday has 
been part of the Group since 2008.
MONKI is a brand that aims to offer fashion at competitive prices. The brand is aimed at young women and 
mixes Scandinavian design with creative street style. Monki is available online in 31 markets and in 108 
stores in 20 markets. 
& OTHER STORIES offers a wide range of shoes, bags, accessories, beauty products and ready-to-wear 
clothes for women. Collections are created in design ateliers in Paris, Stockholm and Los Angeles. & Other 
Stories launched in 2013 and is available online in 33 markets and in 75 stores in 22 markets.
ARKET offers products for men, women, children and the home. Launched in 2017 as a modern-day market, 
ARKET aims to create widely accessible, well-made, durable products, designed to be long-lasting. Most of 
the brand’s stores also include a café with a focus on healthy food. Based in Stockholm, ARKET is available 
online in 31 markets and in 23 stores in 8 markets.

--- Page 97 ---
88
AFOUND is a marketplace selling fashion and other products at a discount, offering a wide range of fashion 
and lifestyle brands for women, men and children, both external brands and the Group’s own. Afound was 
launched in 2018 and is available mainly through its digital marketplace in 4 markets and has 3 stores in one 
market. 
In addition, H&M has made investments in a number of other brands with future potential, none of which 
are seen as material in the context of the Group as at the date of this Offering Circular (see “- NEW 
INITIATIVES” below).
SOURCING AND QUALITY
The manufacturing of the Group’s products is outsourced to independent suppliers. The sourcing markets are 
mainly in Europe and Asia.
Suppliers
The Group purchases private label products from about 750 independent vendors, which are produced in 
around 1,500 factories in 30 countries worldwide. The ten largest suppliers accounted for about 15 per cent. 
of purchase value in 2019, and the two largest sourcing markets, China and Bangladesh, represent over 60 
per cent. of the same. The Group buys approximately 80 per cent. of its products from Asia in US Dollars, 
and the rest from Europe and Turkey in Euro.
Over 2,200 people work within the sourcing organisation out of 15 production offices in all major production 
markets. Physical presence of Group staff in all markets and factories helps to predict and mitigate potential 
risks and threats to its global sourcing and manufacturing operations.
Quality Control
Of those 2,200 employees, over 450 work directly with quality, focusing on developing, producing and 
delivering the best possible products proactively throughout the whole product lifecycle. These include 
product technicians, quality controllers and quality assurance teams. 
The ‘Global Product Compliance Department’ (the GPCD) within the Group based in Stockholm, ensures 
that its products follow the laws and product safety demands of the markets where the Group operates. The 
GPCD develops guidelines and routines, and educates the production and buying departments, and anyone 
else who needs to inform themselves about the applicable demands and also investigates demands in new 
markets, and continuously seeks to stay on top of any developments in the Group’s current markets. The 
GPCD maintains and adheres to policies and laws on how to ensure product safety for its customers by making 
a thorough risk assessment on each product. The risk assessment is performed at an early stage, and includes 
chemical, physical and safety aspects as well as assessing the risk of possible misuse of the product.
The Group requires its suppliers to have their own quality management systems, and to carry out their own 
inspections and perform tests in their own laboratories. The Group’s employees regularly visit suppliers’ 
premises to see how they work and give periodical training and suggestions on how they can improve. 
Sustainability
The Group has a strong history in sustainability and aims to use its size and scale to lead the change towards 
circular and climate-positive fashion, while being a fair and equal company. This vision applies to every 
brand in the Group, all of which share the same passion for fashion and quality, as well as the ambition to 
serve customers in a sustainable way. The Group sees it as its role to use its size and scale to lead the change 
to a truly sustainable fashion future – both for its own business and, together with all relevant stakeholders, 
for the entire industry. 
In 2017, the Group set a number of new sustainability goals including to use only recycled and sustainably 
produced materials by 2030 and to remove more greenhouse gas emissions from the atmosphere than the 
Group’s value chain emits by 2040. In 2019, the Group performed a climate risk assessment according to the 
guidelines from the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). In this analysis two

--- Page 98 ---
89
different climate scenarios were used to assist in devising the sustainability strategy for the Group, identifying 
the most significant climate related risks to the business and potential ways to mitigate those risks.
Production disruption could occur in certain countries due to extreme weather events, social unrest, diseases 
(such as virus outbreaks) and climate migration, possibly also leading to challenges in recruiting workers. 
Contingency plans have been developed for suppliers located in high-risk regions. This enables the Group to 
temporarily or permanently move production to back-up suppliers located in alternative sourcing markets in 
lower risk regions.
NEW INITIATIVES
CO:LAB is the Group’s investment branch. CO:LAB invests in companies that the Group can learn from and 
that can add value to the Group’s business, where the Group believes it can support such companies to thrive 
and achieve their vision. CO:LAB invests in three areas: Sustainable fashion – companies that develop the 
technologies the industry needs to become fully circular and sustainable, Innovative business models – 
companies that explore how consumers will shop for fashion items in the future and Enablers - companies 
that provide ideas within technology and solutions. As at the date of this Offering Circular, the investments 
made through CO:LAB are not considered to be material. 
SALES AND DIGITAL INVESTMENTS
The Group’s income is generated mainly by the sale of clothing, accessories, footwear, cosmetics and home 
decoration and furnishing to consumers. The principal channels that generate sales are through its physical 
stores and the Group’s online websites for its different brands. The Group has a clear omni-channel strategy 
in which the digital and physical world are being integrated in order to offer customers a more seamless 
shopping experience.
The reason behind this is the increased digitalization in society which is creating new customer behaviour 
and changing customer expectations. This shift in the industry has accentuated in recent years with more and 
more shopping taking place online – and generally from a mobile. To meet this shift the Group has been 
making digital investments for a number of years, developing among other things e-commerce, new 
platforms, a more efficient supply chain and advanced analytics. The ongoing COVID-19 crisis and resultant 
changes in behaviour, are expected to speed up digitalisation further in society. The Group finds itself well 
positioned for this development and has put increased emphasis on the supply chain and logistical flexibility 
to support changing requirements between its different sales channels. 
Principal sale channels
Although online sales are growing rapidly and increased by 39 per cent. and 24 per cent. in the 12 months 
ended 30 November 2020 and 2019, respectively, and by 39 per cent. (in local currencies) in the nine months 
ended 31 August 2021, physical stores still represented the larger portion of sales in 2020. For the nine months 
ended 31 August 2021, the share of online sales as a percentage of total sales was 33 per cent., compared with 
28 per cent. for the 12 months ended 30 November 2020 and 16 per cent. for the 12 months ended 30 
November 2019. All of the Group’s close to 4,900 stores are leased with leases consisting of flexible contracts 
with short maturities. The proportion of the Group’s investments made on physical stores is decreasing 
because of changing customer behaviour, but the integration of physical stores and online sales continues.  
Examples of digital investments in a more seamless shopping experience include the changeover to a new 
online platform and increased integration throughout the supply chain with the purpose to serve physical and 
online stores in a fast, flexible and efficient way and to make the entire offering available to customers 
regardless of sales channel. Omni-channel features include for example purchases and online returns in stores, 
click-and-collect, mobile payments and use of mobiles in stores for increased services. Prior to 2017, the vast 
majority of the Group’s investments were store related. In 2018, the majority of the investments were, for the 
first time, digital and related to online sales. In 2019 and 2020, H&M traded through its own websites in 52 
markets, whereas COS, Weekday, Monki, & Other Stories and ARKET offer global selling which enables 
customers in around 70 additional markets to shop for their products online. The exact number of markets 
per brand that have this service varies.

--- Page 99 ---
90
INVENTORY
Retail business requires a significant amount of inventory, especially prior to peak holiday selling season. 
The Group maintains a large part of its inventory in distribution centres which are becoming more automated 
to be able to support the growing online sales more efficiently. Since 2018 a number of new highly automated 
distribution centres with significantly increased capacity and efficiency and faster lead times have been 
introduced.
The Group has worked over the last few years on optimising its purchasing processes and supply chain to 
minimise the risk of excess inventories, particularly in times of unforeseen reductions in purchasing levels, 
such as that resulting from the COVID-19 outbreak and its consequences. The Group adjusts its purchasing 
levels on a continuous basis to reflect expected demand. Any excess levels of inventory that cannot be sold 
during a particular season are either sold off in reduced margin sales at the end of a season or, to the extent 
commercially viable, stored for future sale.
INVESTMENTS IN EXISTING BUSINESS
The Group intends to continue growing its existing business organically rather than through significant 
acquisitions. While minor strategic acquisitions may be made in promising new start-up companies, the 
majority of growth is expected to come through improvements in the customer offering as well as investments 
in existing infrastructure, digital platforms and an optimised store network. New revenue streams, although 
still small scale, are being added, such as services related to circularity and business-to-business services.
In order to secure long-term growth and a strong position, the Group has made significant investments for 
several years, aimed at meeting the digital shift in fashion retail and driving improvements to respond to 
changing consumer behaviour and ever-increasing customer expectations. To this end, the Group is carrying 
out an extensive transformation focused on creating the best customer offering, developing a fast, efficient 
and flexible product flow, and ensuring stable and scalable tech infrastructure. 
Furthermore, this transformation is targeting new growth through online growth for existing brands through 
new markets, wider assortments and key partnership such as Tmall, operated by Alibaba, and Myntra. The 
Group is also planning to continue to grow its store network with a focus on emerging markets, while at the 
same time optimising the store portfolio and integrating physical and digital channels to ensure a relevant 
presence in each market. 
The Group has grown from 1,988 stores in 2009 to 4,856 stores at 31 August 2021. The Group has made 
significant investments to upgrade the customer experience in both old and new stores. Meanwhile, online 
shopping has been rolled out globally and is currently available in 51 markets. The digital shift is changing 
the role of the stores, which the Group believes now need to fulfil two roles: firstly to provide a show-room 
experience to customers beyond just offering an assortment of clothing, forming an integral part of the omni-
channel offering and experience based on the Group’s new digital tools listed below (see “Investment in 
digital infrastructure”), and secondly, with their physical proximity to customers, the Group’s stores have 
the potential to become logistic hubs for improved last-mile online deliveries, and to provide new features 
tailored to the local customer, such as sustainable offerings including product return services and recycling 
services.
Currently, the Group intends to continue physical store openings in new and developing jurisdictions, 
increasing its footprint there, while the new role of physical stores means that in markets where the Group is 
well-established, the number of physical stores is reducing as the focus is on stores in key locations providing 
a retail experience rather than physical sales volumes, as digital channels’ proportion of sales continues to 
grow.
Investment in digital infrastructure
The Group has devoted a significant amount of time and resources into its digital infrastructure and will 
continue to do so. The continued focus on investments in scalable technology aims to support the integration 
of online and physical store channels for a seamless customer experience and supply chain.

--- Page 100 ---
91
Significant investment over recent years in the technology infrastructure are enabling a faster development 
of customer facing features and technologies with the goal being to significantly improve the customer 
experience, including for example:
Click and collect – ability to pick up products ordered online, in a physical store;
Visual search – based on a photo taken of a product, the image recognition tool has the ability to 
recognise and recommend similar products in the Group’s assortment;
Scan and buy – ability to scan a product in the Group’s physical stores in order to find out whether 
that product is available, in what sizes and in what colours, online, and buy it;
Find in store – this solution lets customers use their mobile to find an item they have seen online in 
the size and store they want; 
In-Store Mode – allows customers to see on their mobiles which items are in the store they are currently 
in, as well as online; 
Return online products in store – products bought in the Group’s online stores may be returned in a 
physical store;
Recommended size – helps customers find the right size online based on past purchases; and
H&M’s upgraded customer loyalty programme.
The online offering needs to be constantly improved and broadened to ensure that it meets customer 
expectations and to maximise sales. Mobile phones are central for searching, discovering and shopping 
fashion, as well as for sharing inspiration. Starting from customers’ needs, the Group offers new digital 
features, among others, ‘Visual search’ and personalised product feeds as well as fashion shopping via social 
media. 
Central for retailers is the intelligent use of customer data and the ability to become more responsive to 
customer preferences based on data indicating certain customer purchase patterns and preferences. The Group 
has therefore made significant investments in advanced analytics and artificial intelligence around trend 
detection, price management, personalisation, allocation and quantification. 
Circular approach
The Group’s ambition is for its business to become fully circular across the entire value chain. This means 
moving to a more sustainable model that focuses on recycling and repurposing goods to minimise waste and 
maximise resources available. The circular strategy applies to commercial products as well as to 
noncommercial goods such as packaging, store interiors and buildings, all of which prioritise sustainability. 
A circular business model is fundamental to achieving the Group’s goal of a climate positive value chain by 
2040. Innovation drives circularity efforts, including developing new ways of making and using products, 
and how they are then reused and recycled. The Group is developing services and other ways to repair, reuse, 
repurpose and recycle goods wherever possible and encouraging customers to make more sustainable choices.
Marketing
The core purpose of marketing and communications is to increase the perceived value of the Group’s products 
and collections by inspiring storytelling around its products, business and values, and creating an aspirational 
vision around its brands through its marketing, new concept stores and brand ambassadors. Marketing and 
communications also have the ability to drive direct revenue through digital channels, where it is very 
straightforward to allocate resources to a desired return on investment. The Group primarily looks at 
marketing as an invitation to its physical and digital stores, where it, through various campaigns and activities, 
aims to inspire and attract customers. Furthermore, advanced analytics are employed to customer reviews and 
data to provide greater focus and response to more personalised communication and offers.

--- Page 101 ---
92
Pricing
Pricing activities aim to balance the aspects of competitive pricing to meet the Group’s strategic goals. 
Strategic pricing involves assessing the trade-offs between product margins and sales volume. Tactical 
pricing involves setting price adjustments to meet local or temporary market conditions, establishing prices 
for product improvements, or assisting distributors in meeting competitive challenges. 
FINANCIAL POLICY
The Group targets a low financial risk profile with a conservative leverage ratio. The capital structure is 
defined as net debt in relation to EBITDA. Over time, this should not exceed 1.0 x EBITDA. The dividend 
policy states that the total dividend should exceed 50 per cent. of profit after tax, yet taking into consideration 
the capital structure target. Furthermore, management believes it is essential to maintain liquidity headroom 
comprised of a combination of cash and cash equivalents plus unutilised committed credit facilities. The 
Group’s liquidity headroom covers its short-term liquidity needs and the ambition is for the headroom to 
remain in excess of at least SEK 30,000,000,000.
The Group has adopted a centralised funding strategy whereby funding is primarily raised centrally and 
distributed throughout the Group by subsidiary loans and equity. The Group’s refinancing risk is spread over 
multiple years. The Group’s long-term borrowings includes an average time to maturity of at least two years.
The maturity profile of the Group’s interest-bearing liabilities as at 31 August 2021 is shown in the following 
graph (in SEK millions):
Year 
Loans from credit 
institutions
Bonds (EMTN)
Commercial paper
Unused credit 
facilities
2021
75
–
800
5,000
2022
165
–
275
–
2023
2,031
–
–
4,000
2024
–
–
–
7,110
2025
–
–
–
4,000
2026
2,000
–
–
–
2027
–
–
–
–
2028
–
–
–
–
2029
–
5,078
–
–
Total
4,271
5,078
1,075
20,110
COMPETITION
The global fashion retail market is highly competitive in nature, and competitors exist both in the online 
and in the bricks and mortar retail sphere. The global presence of the Group also means that it must stay 
ahead of competitors both globally and locally. 
The industry can be characterised as large, mature, highly fragmented and highly competitive with rapidly 
changing consumer preferences. When consumer preferences change and develop, new competitive 
landscapes emerge. This development includes large and fast-growing online platforms, as well as smaller 
niche online operators with a global reach. 
Digitalisation is changing the retail business and the Group is working towards a long-term approach and 
making the necessary investments in order to stay well positioned with a profitable model and a viable 
combination of physical and online stores (including services connected to the aforementioned sales 
channels). 
SEASONALITY
Retailers within the industry face demand that is almost entirely fueled by replacement needs and fashion. 
The Group’s products are often necessities, but during periods of economic stagnation, consumers are less 
inclined to update their wardrobes. Therefore, the industry is strongly dependent on the cyclical movements 
within the economy.

--- Page 102 ---
93
The Group’s business is affected by seasonal changes, with patterns including a sales peak during the holiday 
season at the end of the year. The first quarter of the financial year is normally the weakest and the last quarter 
the strongest.
EMPLOYEES
As at 30 November 2020, the Group employed approximately 153,000 persons, which includes a combination 
of part- and full-time employees. It also hires seasonal employees, primarily during the peak holiday selling 
season. Experienced and dedicated employees are essential to the Group’s business, and therefore there are 
advancement opportunities as well as various incentives and benefits which ensure that the Group stays 
competitive by retaining skilled employees. 
The following table shows the average number of employees located in the Group’s key geographies for the 
years ended 30 November 2020 and 2019:
For the years ended 30 November
2020
2019
Germany
12,392
13,505
USA
10,512
14,281
UK
7,909 
8,724
France
4,515
4,954
China
8,498
10,086
Sweden
10,214
11,221
Italy
3,953
4,416
Spain
3,679
4,661
Russia
3,542
3,408
Netherlands
2,647
2,648
Poland
6,224
6,674
Switzerland
1,754 
1,923
Austria
1,853
1,956
Denmark
1,807
1,919
Norway
1,772
1,839
Canada
1,570
2,327
Japan
2,243
2,513
Belgium
2,152
2,375
Mexico
1,566
1,435
Turkey
1,669
3,012
Romania
1,193
1,225
Australia
1,151
1,363
Finland
976
1,248
South Korea
984
1,003
India
1,891
1,972
 REAL ESTATE
The Group has a portfolio of close to 4,900 physical stores, which it aims to hold on flexible lease contracts. 
The lease contracts mature on average every four years making around 25 per cent. of the global store 
portfolio open for renegotiation annually. This typically results in better lease terms and contract 
prolongation. In case of contract termination this is most often driven by a strategical agenda to consolidate, 
move the store or otherwise improve the availability for the customer. New stores, refurbished stores and 
general contract renegotiations generally result in improved lease terms. This does not only include rent 
configuration but also the lease period setup. A majority of the lease contracts have a turnover component in 
the rent configuration making the store profitability less dependent on temporary sales fluctuations.

--- Page 103 ---
94
REGULATION
The Group is subject to regulatory supervision on a global as well as local level from a number of sources. 
The Group’s audit committee is responsible for maintaining and complying with applicable regulations. 
The Group is governed by both external regulations and internal control documents, including but not 
limited to external regulations such as: Swedish Companies Act (Sw. Aktiebolagslag (2005:551)), 
accounting legislation, including Swedish Bookkeeping Act (Sw. Bokföringslag (1999:1078)) and Annual 
Accounts Act (Sw. Årsredovisningslag (1995:1554)), EU Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU), 
Nasdaq Stockholm’s Rules for Issuers, the Swedish Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”), which is 
available at www.corporategovernanceboard.se and the General Data Protection Regulation. 
The Code is based on the principle of “comply or explain”, which means that companies applying the Code 
may deviate from particular rules. Any company deviating from a rule must, however, clearly state that it 
has not complied with the applicable rule, along with an explanation of the chosen solution and the reasons 
for implementing such instead.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Group is involved from time to time in various lawsuits in the ordinary course of business. The Group 
actively participates in the defence of any lawsuit in which it is a defendant and calculates its exposure to 
litigation on an ongoing basis. The Group maintains liability insurance policies which cover, subject to certain 
deductibles, both product liability and general commercial liability, in amounts that the Group’s management 
believes are adequate to cover its potential liability relating to its present risk exposure from legal 
proceedings. 
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The Group’s intellectual property rights include its trademarks for the various brand names it uses, in 
particular the name and logotype of H&M, COS, Weekday, Monki, H&M Home, & Other Stories, ARKET 
and Afound. The Group uses each of these trademarks to promote, identify and position its products and 
services and, accordingly the Group applies a global trademark registration policy, meaning that it maintains 
trademark registrations and/or applications in every country that has an operating trademark authority. It 
also maintains relevant domain name registrations and social media accounts. The Group subscribes to 
worldwide services which prompt the required alerts, and actively lodge claims against similar marks. 
Trademark rights are actively enforced in order to stop infringements and dilution. 
FRANCHISE AND LICENCE AGREEMENTS
Franchising
The Group has franchise agreements with unaffiliated franchisees to operate stores in 15 markets in South 
East Asia, the Middle East and Africa. Under these agreements, third parties operate stores that sell clothing 
and related products under the Group’s brand names. Franchise operations represent approximately 2.5 per 
cent. of total sales of the Group.
DESCRIPTION OF SHARES AND SHARE CAPITAL
Shares and Share Capital
H&M’s share capital is divided among A shares and B shares. Its shares have been listed on the Nasdaq 
Stockholm stock exchange since 1974. As of 31 August 2021, the total market capitalisation of H&M was 
SEK 286,261,253,120 (approximately U.S.$ 33,315,633,946,28 and EUR 28,175,597,507,85).
H&M’s authorised and issued share capital is SEK 206,884,000 which consists of 1,655,072,000 shares of 
which 194,400,000 are A shares and 1,460,672,000 are B shares. Each A share carries ten votes per share 
and each B share carries one vote per share. H&M’s largest shareholder is the Stefan Persson family and 
related companies.
Ownership Structure
The principal owners of the Group held the following interests in H&M as at 31 August 2021:

--- Page 104 ---
95
Identity of person of group
Number of 
shares owned
Percentage of 
capital
Percentage of 
votes
The Stefan Persson family and related companies
832,734,571* 
50.3
75.8
The Lottie Tham family and related companies
88,680,400
5.4
2.6
STATE STREET BANK AND TRUST CO, W9
81,436,218
4.9
2.4
Swedbank Robur fonder
26,285,256
1.6
0.8
Nordea fonder
22,676,448
1.4
0.7
FJÄRDE AP FONDEN
22,170,906
1.3
0.7
Handelsbanken fonder
21,423,056
1.3
0.6
JP MORGAN CHASE BANK N.A.
18,543,827
1.1
0.6
BNY MELLON NA (FORMER MELLON), W9
16,780,969
1.0
0.5
THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY
14,538,946
0.9
0.4
LIVFÖRSÄKRINGSBOLAGET SKANDIA, OMSESIDIGT 13,503,081
0.8
0.4
BNY MELLON SA/NV (FORMER BNY), W8IMY
13,039,236
0.8
0.4
Didner & Gerge Fonder Aktiebolag
12,897,691
0.8
0.4
SEB Investment Management
12,799,892
0.8
0.4
ALECTA PENSIONSFORSAKRING, OMSESIDIGT
11,923,000
0.7
0.3
Folksam
10,996,681
0.7
0.3
FORSTA AP-FONDEN
9,334,181
0.6
0.3
Avanza Fonder
9,326,340
0.6
0.3
SPP Fonder AB
9,260,844
0.6
0.3
AMF - Försäkring och Fonder
9,164,183
0.6
0.3
* whereof 194,400,000 class A shares (ten votes per share).
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
H&M’s board of directors consists of eleven elected members. The board of directors also has three 
additional members appointed by the labour unions as employee representatives and three deputy employee 
representatives.
Under the Swedish Companies Act, the board of directors has ultimate responsibility for the organisation 
and the executive management of H&M. All directors, other than the employee representatives, are elected 
by resolution of a general meeting of shareholders.
H&M’s board of directors was appointed at the shareholders’ meeting held on 6 May 2021 The current term 
of the board of directors is set to expire at the time of the next shareholders’ meeting, intended to be held in 
6 May 2021. 
Set forth below is certain information regarding the current board members of H&M.
Name
Position
Karl-Johan Persson
Chairman of the Board
Stina Bergfors
Board member
Anders Dahlvig
Board member
Erica Wiking Häger
Board member
Danica Kragic Jensfelt
Board member
Lena Patriksson Keller
Board member
Christian Sievert
Board member
Niklas Zennström
Board member

--- Page 105 ---
96
Tim Gahnström
Board member, employee representative
Ingrid Godin
Board member, employee representative
Margareta Welinder
Board member, employee representative
Emelie Helena Isberg
Deputy employee representative
Hampus Mikael Glanzelius
Deputy employee representative
Louise Alexandra Wikholm
Deputy employee representative
The business address of each director is Mäster Samuelsgatan 46A, SE-106 38 Stockholm, Sweden.
Karl-Johan Persson was born in 1975. He studied at the European Business School in London and holds a 
BA in Business Administration. Before being appointed as CEO of the H&M Group (a position he held from 
1 July 2009 to 30 January 2020), Karl-Johan Persson held various operational roles within H&M from 2005, 
including working as head of expansion, business development as well as brand and new business. Since 
2000, Karl-Johan Persson has been a member of the boards of H&M’s subsidiaries in Denmark, Germany, 
the US and the UK. From 2006 until 2009 he was also a member of the board of H & M Hennes & Mauritz 
AB. Since 7 May 2020 he has been chairman of the board of H&M. Apart from serving as chairman, he also 
serves on several other boards, such as Ramsbury Invest AB, the GoodCause Foundation and the H&M 
Foundation. 
Stina Bergfors was born in 1972. She studied at Luleå University of Technology and holds a MSc in business 
administration as well as an honorary doctorate. She worked with sales at TV3, MTG between 1998-2000, 
and as a media strategist at OMD Nordics between 2000 and 2004. She continued as CEO of Carat Sverige 
AB between 2005 and 2008 and served as country director for Google and YouTube in Sweden. She is 
currently the founder and CEO of the digital media company United Screens, where she works on strategic 
matters and business development. Apart from serving on the board of H&M, she serves as a board member 
of INGKA Holding BV. She is also involved in the Prince Daniel Fellowship at the Royal Swedish Academy 
of Engineering Sciences (IVA). 
Anders Dahlvig was born in 1957. He holds a MSc in business administration from Lund University and a 
MA from University of California, Santa Barbara. Between 1983 and 1993 he held various roles within 
IKEA in Sweden, Germany, Switzerland and Belgium. He was appointed managing director of IKEA UK 
in 1993, later appointed vice president of IKEA Europe and eventually he was appointed President and CEO 
of IKEA. He served as President and CEO of IKEA between 1999 and 2009. Apart from serving on the 
board of H&M and on the auditing committee of H&M, he also serves as chairman of Inter IKEA Holding 
BV and as a board member of Oriflame SA and Resurs Bank AB.
Erica Wiking Häger was born in 1970. She holds a Master of Laws from Uppsala University, a LL.M. from 
Harvard Law School in the US and conducted supplementary studies at the University of Oklahoma in the 
US and at Ruprecht-Karls-Universität Heidelberg in Germany. She is a member of the Swedish Bar 
Association, the New York State Bar Association and the International Association for Privacy Professionals 
(IAPP). She worked as acting lecturer in civil law at Uppsala University between 1994 and 1995 before 
conducting District Court service at Sollentuna District Court between 1995 and 1997. She served as a law 
clerk at Svea Court of Appeal between 1997 and 1998 and as corporate counsel for Corechange Inc in 
Boston, USA, before joining Mannheimer Swartling as an associate in 2000. She is currently a lawyer and 
serves as partner since 2009 at Mannheimer Swartling where she is also the chair of Mannheimer Swartling’s 
Corporate Sustainability & Risk Management practice group. She focuses primarily on human rights, 
working conditions, the environment and anti-corruption. Apart from serving on the board of H&M and on 
the auditing committee of H&M, she is also a member of the board of Stockholm Chamber of Commerce. 
Danica Kragic Jensfelt was born in 1971. She holds a MSc in mechanical engineering from the Technical 
University of Rijeka, Croatia. Danica was awarded a PhD in robotics by KTH Royal Institute of Technology, 
Stockholm in 2001 and an honorary doctorate from Lappeenranta University of Technology in Finland.

--- Page 106 ---
97
Danica has been Professor of computer science, at KTH Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm since 
2008, conducting research in the fields of computer vision and robotics. The aim of the research is to use 
sensors to build future systems that interact with people and their environment in a natural way. Apart from 
serving on the board of H&M, she serves as a board member the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences and 
the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA) and is a board member at FAM, SAAB and the 
Institute for Future Studies.
Lena Patriksson Keller was born in 1969. She studied design and marketing at Parsons School of Design 
in New York and at the American University in London. Between 1993 and 1996 she worked with buying 
and product development within H&M. She continued as global communications manager at J.Lindeberg. 
Since 1999 she served as CEO and now serves as executive chairman at the branding and communications 
agency Patriksson Communication AB. Apart from serving on the board of H&M, she also serves as a board 
member of Elite Hotels, Wanås Art Foundation, Jaenerica B and Mira Nilsdotter AB and as chairman of the 
board of the industry organisation Association of Swedish Fashion Brands (ASFB). She is also involved in 
the Prince Daniel Fellowship at the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA).
Christian Sievert was born in 1969. He holds a MSc in business administration from Stockholm School of 
Economics. He joined Bain & Company as a consultant between 1994 and 1997, working in Stockholm and 
San Francisco. He served as investment manager and partner of Segulah between 1997 and 2003 and was 
appointed CEO / managing partner between 2003 and 2013. He is currently the CEO of investment company 
AB Max Sievert. Apart from serving on the board of H&M and on the auditing committee of H&M, he holds 
other board assignments as a member of the board of AB Max Sievert and various portfolio companies of 
AB Max Sievert as well as AB Anders Löfberg. 
Niklas Zennström was born in 1966. He holds dual degrees in business administration and engineering 
physics from Uppsala University. He worked for Tele2 between 1991 and 1994 as product manager and 
continued as director of access network at Unisource Voice Services, before going back to Tele2 to serve as 
director of internet services in Denmark and Luxembourg/Amsterdam between 1996 and 2000. He founded 
and served as CEO for Kazaa between 2000 and 2002, he also founded and served as CEO for Joltid between 
2001 and 2003 before founding and serving as CEO for Skype. He is currently the CEO and founder of the 
venture capital company Atomico. Apart from serving on the board of H&M, he also serves on several other 
boards, such as Atomico, Zennström Philanthropies, Farmdrop, Rovio, Orbital Systems and Lilium.
Tim Gahnström was born in 1979 and has been an employee representative on H&M’s board since 2021. 
He works as a solution architect.
Ingrid Godin was born in 1959 and has been an employee representative on H&M’s board since 2012. She 
works at the warehouse at the distribution centre in Eskilstuna. 
Margareta Welinder was born in 1962 and has been an employee representative on H&M’s board since 
2021. She works as an omni buyer at the H&M buying office in Stockholm. 
Helena Isberg was born in 1978 and has been a deputy employee representative on H&M’s board since 
2019. She works as a sales advisor at a H&M store in Karlskrona.
Hampus Mikael Glanzelius was born in 1977 and has been a deputy employee representative on H&M’s 
board since 2021. He works as a business controller for the MONKI brand.
Louise Alexandra Wikholm was born in 1980 and has been a deputy employee representative on H&M’s 
board since 2021. She works as an account production manager for the global marketing and 
communications division of H&M.
To the best of the Group’s knowledge as at the date hereof, there are no potential conflicts of interest between 
the duties of the members of the Board of Directors to H&M and their private interests or other duties, except 
for Christian Sievert, due to Ramsbury Invest AB’s holdings in a company where he is currently appointed 
CEO.

--- Page 107 ---
98
AUDITING COMMITTEE
The auditing committee monitors H&M’s financial reporting, which among other things involves monitoring 
the effectiveness of H&M’s internal control and risk management. Its work includes handling auditing issues 
and financial reports published by H&M. The auditors attend the meetings of the auditing committee to report 
on their scrutiny of H&M’s annual report and financial statements, including the consolidated financial 
statements.
The auditing committee also reviews and monitors the impartiality and independence of the auditor, and 
regulates which assignments the accounting firm may conduct for the Group in addition to the audit. The 
auditing committee receives a written assurance of independence from the auditor stating which services the 
accounting firm has provided to the Group during the financial year in addition to the audit. The auditing 
committee also assists the nomination committee with any proposals to the Annual General Meeting 
concerning the election of auditors.
H&M’s auditing committee is made up of three members, two of whom have expertise in accounting or 
auditing while the third has expertise in commercial law. The auditing committee is appointed annually by 
the board of directors at the statutory board meeting held in conjunction with the Annual General Meeting. 
Since the statutory meeting held in conjunction with the 2021 Annual General Meeting, the auditing 
committee has consisted of chairman Christian Sievert and members Anders Dahlvig and Erica Wiking 
Häger. The committee held four meetings at which minutes were taken during the 2019/2020 financial  year. 
Ernst & Young Sweden AB attended the auditing committee meetings and reported on the auditing 
assignments. The meetings were also attended by the former CFO Jyrki Tervonen and chief accountant 
Anders Jonasson, among others. The committee’s meetings are minuted and the minutes are then distributed 
to the board members.
MANAGEMENT
The Group has a multi-brand matrix organisation with currently eight brands: H&M, COS, & Other Stories, 
Monki, Weekday, H&M Home, ARKET and Afound. Each brand has its own organisation and managing 
director, and all the brands have their own local sales organisations. Centrally, there are also a number of 
joint group functions that support each brand in order to capitalise on the benefits within these shared areas, 
so that each brand and country works purposefully according to central policies and guidelines. 
The CEO, who is appointed by the board of directors, is responsible for day-to-day management of the Group 
and appoints the members of the executive management team, which is made up of the CEO plus twelve 
others – five of whom are women. The executive management team is made up of the CEO, CFO, the two 
people with responsibility for the H&M brand, the head of new business (which includes COS, & Other 
Stories, Monki, Weekday, ARKET and Afound), the two people with responsibility for business tech and the 
heads of the following group functions: expansion, strategy & transformation, human resources, 
sustainability, supply chain and communications. Those responsible for the other group functions are 
appointed by the CFO.
The matrix organisation provides a good combination of central and local perspectives on leadership and 
entrepreneurship. The local sales organisations are responsible for daily shop/retail operations in their 
country, giving them a collective responsibility for all the support functions in their country working 
according to instructions from the central group functions.
RELATED PARTY DISLOSURES 
Ramsbury Invest AB, which is owned by Stefan Persson and family, is the parent company of H&M. 
The Group leases the following store premises in properties directly or indirectly owned by Stefan Persson 
and family: Drottninggatan 50–52 and Drottninggatan 56 in Stockholm, Kungsgatan 55 in Gothenburg, Stadt 
Hamburgsgatan 9 in Malmö, Amagertorv 23 in Copenhagen, Oxford Circus and Regent Street in London,

--- Page 108 ---
99
Kaufinger Strasse in Munich, Via del Corso/Via Tomacelli in Rome, Wisconsin Avenue in Washington DC 
and, since January 2008, premises for the Group’s head office in Stockholm. Rent is paid at market rates, 
and rental costs and other property-related expenses totalled SEK 492,000,000 for the financial year ended 
30 November 2020 (compared to SEK 375,000,000 for the year ended 30 November 2019). 
Karl-Johan Persson received remuneration in the form of salary and benefits as CEO of H&M at the 
beginning of the financial year when he was still CEO, until 30 January 2020 when he stepped down as CEO.
Outstanding balances with related parties as of 30 November 2020 totalled SEK 55,600,000 in 2019 
(compared to SEK 19,200,000 for the year ended 30 November 2019).

--- Page 109 ---
100
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Non-IFRS key ratios
For the 12 months ended
30 November
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
(SEK million, except as stated)
Net Debt
Pension liability
612
510
445
445
527
Interest-bearing liabilities finance leases
63,733
380
458
475
272
Liabilities to credit institutions
16,332
17,317
19,323
9,745
2,068
Cash and cash equivalents
-16,540
-12,312
-11,590
-9,718
-9,446
Net Debt
64,137
5,895
8,636
947
-6,579
Net debt excluding IFRS 16
Pension liability
612
510
445
445
527
Interest-bearing liabilities finance leases
63,733
380
458
475
272
IFRS 16 effect
-63,733
0
0
0
0
Interest-bearing liabilities finance leases 
excl. IFRS 16
0
380
458
475
272
Liabilities to credit institutions
16,332
17,317
19,323
9,745
2,068
Cash and cash equivalents
-16,540
-12,312
-11,590
-9,718
-9,446
Net debt excluding IFRS 16
404
5,895
8,636
947
-6,579
EBITDA 
Operating profit
3,099
17,346
15,493
20,569
23,823
Depreciations and amortisation
25,953
11,051
9,671
8,488
7,605
EBITDA 
29,052
28,397
25,164
29,057
31,428
EBITDA excluding IFRS 16
Operating profit
3,099
17,346
15,493
20,569
23,823
IFRS 16 effect
-1,311
0
0
0
0
Operating profit excl. IFRS 16
1,788
17,346
15,493
20,569
23,823
Depreciations and amortisation
25,953
11,051
9,671
8,488
7,605
IFRS 16 effect
-13,869
0
0
0
0
Depreciations and amortisation excl. IFRS 16
12,084
11,051
9,671
8,488
7,605
EBITDA excluding IFRS 16
13,872
28,397
25,164
29,057
31,428
EBITDA margin
EBITDA
29,052
28,397
25,164
29,057
31,428
Net sales
187,031
232,755
210,400
200,004
192,267
EBITDA margin
15.5%
12.2%
12.0%
14.5%
16.3%
EBITDA margin excluding IFRS 16
EBITDA excluding IFRS 16
13,872
28,397
25,164
29,057
31,428
Net sales
187,031
232,755
210,400
200,004
192,267
EBITDA margin excluding IFRS 16
7.4%
12.2%
12.0%
14.5%
16.3%
Net debt / EBITDA
Net debt
64,227
5,895
8,636
947
-6,579
EBITDA
29,052
28,397
25,164
29,057
31,428
Net debt / EBITDA
2.2
0.2
0.3
0.0
-0.2
Net debt / EBITDA excluding IFRS 16
Net debt excluding IFRS 16
404
5,895
8,636
947
-6,579
EBITDA excluding IFRS 16
13,872
28,397
25,164
29,057
31,428
Net debt / EBITDA excluding IFRS 16
0.0
0.2
0.3
0.0
-0.2

--- Page 110 ---
101
For the 12 months ended
30 November
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
(SEK million, except as stated)
Interest coverage
EBITDA
29,052
28,397
25,164
29,057
31,428
Interest paid
349
308
107
40
8
Interest coverage
83
92
235
726
3,929
Interest coverage excluding IFRS 16
EBITDA excluding IFRS 16
13,872
28,397
25,164
29,057
31,428
Interest paid
349
308
107
40
8
Interest coverage excluding IFRS 16
40
92
235
726
3,929
Free Cash Flow
Cash Flow from operating activities
25,900
28,986
21,287
21,587
23,775
Cash Flow from investing activities
-5,244
-10,528
-13,152
-12,496
-13,498
Free Cash Flow
20,656
18,458
8,135
9,091
10,277
Free Cash Flow excluding IFRS 16
Cash Flow from operating activities
25,900
28,986
21,287
21,587
23,775
IFRS 16 effect
-14,174
0
0
0
0
Cash Flow from investing activities excl. IFRS 16
11,726
28,986
21,287
21,587
23,775
Cash Flow from investing activities
-5,244
-10,528
-13,152
-12,496
-13,498
Free Cash Flow excluding IFRS 16
6,482
18,458
8,135
9,091
10,277
Return on equity
Profit for the year
1,243
13,443
12,652
16,184
18,636
Average shareholders' equity
55,846
57,808
59,130
60,475
59,643
Return on equity
2.2%
23.3%
21.4%
26.8%
31.2%
Return on equity excluding IFRS 16
Profit for the year
1,243
13,443
12,652
16,184
18,636
IFRS 16 effect
-278
0
0
0
0
Profit for the year excl. IFRS 16
965
13,443
12,652
16,184
18,636
Average shareholders' equity
55,846
57,808
59,130
60,475
59,643
IFRS 16 effect
-111
0
0
0
0
Average shareholders' equity excl. IFRS 16
55,735
57,808
59,130
60,475
59,643
Return on equity excluding IFRS 16
1.7%
23.3%
21.4%
26.8%
31.2%
Return on capital employed
Profit after financial items
2,052
17,391
15,639
20,809
24,039
Interest expense
1,299
331
146
41
8
Average shareholders' equity
55,846
57,808
59,130
60,475
59,643
Average interest-bearing liabilities
49,442
19,217
15,446
6,766
1,658
Return on capital employed
3.2%
23.0%
21.2%
31.0%
39.2%
Return on capital employed excluding IFRS 16
Profit after financial items
2,052
17,391
15,639
20,809
24,039
IFRS 16 effect
-361
0
0
0
0
Profit after financial items excluding IFRS 16
1,691
17,391
15,639
20,809
24,039
Interest expense
1,299
331
146
41
8
IFRS 16 effect
-950
0
0
0
0
Interest expense excluding IFRS 16
349
331
146
41
8
Average shareholders' equity
55,846
57,808
59,130
60,475
59,643
IFRS 16 effect
-111
0
0
0
0
Average shareholders' equity excluding IFRS 16
55,735
57,808
59,130
60,475
59,643
Average interest-bearing liabilities
49,442
19,217
15,446
6,766
1,658
IFRS 16 effect
-31,867
0
0
0
0

--- Page 111 ---
102
For the 12 months ended
30 November
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
(SEK million, except as stated)
Average interest-bearing liabilities excluding IFRS 16
17,576
19,217
15,446
6,766
1,658
Return on capital employed excluding IFRS 16
2.8%
23.0%
21.2%
31.0%
39.2%
Share of risk-bearing capital
Shareholders' equity
54,623
57,069
58,546
59,713
61,236
Deferred tax liability
3,988
4,423
5,088
5,331
4,898
Balance sheet total
174,371
120,485
118,790
106,562
98,579
Share of risk-bearing capital
33.6%
51.0%
53.6%
61.0%
67.1%
Share of risk-bearing capital excluding IFRS 16
Shareholders' equity
54,623
57,069
58,546
59,713
61,236
IFRS 16 effect
-222
0
0
0
0
Shareholders' equity excl. IFRS 16
54,401
57,069
58,546
59,713
61,236
Deferred tax liability
3,988
4,423
5,088
5,331
4,898
IFRS 16 effect
-83
0
0
0
0
Deferred tax liability excl. IFRS 16
3,905
4,423
5,088
5,331
4 ,898
Balance sheet total
174,371
120,485
118,790
106,562
98,579
IFRS 16 effect
-59,799
0
0
0
0
Balance sheet total excl. IFRS 16
114,572
120,485
118,790
106,562
98,579
Share of risk-bearing capital excluding IFRS 16
50.9%
51.0%
53.6%
61.0%
67.1%
Cash Conversion
Cash flow from operating activities
25,900
28,986
21,287
21,587
23,775
EBITDA
29,052
28,397
25,164
29,057
31,428
Cash Conversion
89.2%
102.1%
84.6%
74.3%
75.6%
Cash Conversion excluding IFRS 16
Cash flow from operating activities
25,900
28,986
21,287
21,587
23,775
IFRS 16 effect
-14,174
0
0
0
0
Cash flow from operating activities excl. IFRS 16
11,726
28,986
21,287
21,587
23,775
EBITDA excl. IFRS 16
13,872
28,397
25,164
29,057
31,428
Cash Conversion excluding IFRS 16
84.5%
102.1%
84.6%
74.3%
75.6%
Operating Working Capital
Accounts Receivable
3,086
5,879
6,329
5,297
4,881
Stock-In-Trade
38,209
37,823
37,721
33,712
31,732
Accounts Payable
-9,511
-7,838
-6,800
-7,215
-7,262
Operating Working Capital
31,784
35,864
37,250
31,794
29,351
Total Working Capital
Operating Working Capital
31,784
35,864
37,250
31,794
29,351
Tax receivables
1,686
1,555
1,448
2,375
0
Other receivables
2,397
1,736
1,607
1,874
2,533
Prepaid expenses
3,440
2,967
2,881
2,770
2,071
Tax liabilities
-1,708
-2,752
-1,163
-918
-434
Other liabilities
-3,983
-4,476
-3,800
-3,672
-5,036
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
-19,881
-25,719
-23,167
-19,048
-16,846
Total Working Capital
13,735
9,175
15,056
15,175
11 639
Total Working Capital excluding IFRS 16
Operating Working Capital
31,784
35,864
37,250
31,794
29,351
Tax receivables
1,686
1,555
1,448
2,375
0
Other receivables
2,397
1,736
1,607
1,874
2,533
Prepaid expenses
3,440
2,967
2,881
2,770
2,071
IFRS 16 effect
-385
0
0
0
0
Prepaid expenses excl IFRS 16
3,055
2,967
2,881
2,770
2,071
Tax liabilities
-1,708
-2,752
-1,163
-918
-434
Other liabilities
-3,983
-4,476
-3,800
-3,672
-5,036
Accrued expenses and prepaid income
-19,881
-25,719
-23,167
-19,048
-16,846
IFRS 16 effect
-4,239
0
0
0
0

--- Page 112 ---
103
For the 12 months ended
30 November
2020
2019
2018
2017
2016
(SEK million, except as stated)
Accrued expenses and prepaid income excl IFRS 16
-24,120
-25,719
-23,167
-19,048
-16,846
Total Working Capital excluding IFRS 16
9,111
9,175
15,056
15,175
11,639
As at
30 November
2020
(SEK million)
Interest-bearing long-term liabilities excluding IFRS 16
Interest-bearing long-term liabilities 
59,503
IFRS 16 effect
-50,458
Interest-bearing long-term liabilities excluding IFRS 16
9,045
Interest-bearing current liabilities excluding IFRS 16
Interest-bearing current liabilities 
21,174
IFRS 16 effect
-13,275
Interest-bearing currrent liabilities excluding IFRS 16
7,899
Please see “Alternative Performance Measures – Description of Alternative Performance Measures” below 
for a further description of certain of the financial measures set out in the table above.

--- Page 113 ---
104
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES
Description of Alternative Performance Measures
This section provides further information relating to alternative performance measures (APMs) contained in 
this Offering Circular for the purposes of the guidelines issued by ESMA (the Guidelines). Certain of the 
financial measures included in “Description of H&M” and “Selected Financial Information” above can be 
characterised as APMs and set out below are further clarifications as to the meaning of such measures (and 
any associated terms).
To provide greater detail on the financial position of H&M, it has chosen to share a selected number of APMs 
which are non-IFRS measures. The APMs are meant to complement the pre-existing measures already shared 
within the scope of IFRS. Note that these APM measures may be defined differently by other companies, and 
therefore, may not be directly comparable between companies.
Definitions
Net Debt
Interest-bearing liabilities including pension liabilities less cash and cash equivalents as 
well as short-term investments.
Reason for use: To show the net value of interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing 
liabilities.
Net Debt 
Excluding 
IFRS 16
Interest-bearing liabilities including pension liabilities less cash and cash equivalents as 
well as short-term investments, calculated excluding IFRS 16 effects. 
Reason for use: To show the net value of interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing 
liabilities.
EBITDA
EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest Depreciation and Amortisation). Operating profit, 
before interest, taxes, depreciation and impairments.
Reason for use: A measure that complements operating profit, since it shows the cash 
surplus from operations.
EBITDA 
Excluding 
IFRS 16
EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest Depreciation and Amortisation). Operating profit, 
before interest, taxes, depreciation and impairments, calculated excluding IFRS 16 
effects.
Reason for use: A measure that complements operating profit, since it shows the cash 
surplus from operations. 
EBITDA 
margin
EBITDA divided by net sales.
Reason for use: This measure shows how the EBITDA measure performs in relation to 
net sales.
EBITDA 
margin 
Excluding 
IFRS 16
EBITDA divided by net sales, calculated excluding IFRS 16 effects.
Reason for use: This measure shows how the EBITDA measure performs in relation to 
net sales.
Net Debt/ 
EBITDA
Net debt divided by EBITDA.
Reason for use: This measure displays how the Group’s indebtedness relates to the 
EBITDA measure. Net debt / EBITDA is always presented with EBITDA calculated on 
a rolling four quarter basis.
Net 
Debt/EBITDA 
Net debt divided by EBITDA, calculated excluding IFRS 16 effects.

--- Page 114 ---
105
Excluding 
IFRS 16
Reason for use: This measure displays how the Group’s indebtedness relates to the 
EBITDA measure. Net debt / EBITDA is always presented with EBITDA calculated on 
a rolling four quarter basis.
Interest 
Coverage
EBITDA divided by interest paid for the Group.
Reason for use: This measure is indicative of the Group’s financial health as it shows 
how well it can carry its interest expense.
Interest 
Coverage 
Excluding 
IFRS 16
EBITDA divided by interest paid for the Group, calculated excluding IFRS 16 effects.
Reason for use: This measure is indicative of the Group’s financial health as it shows 
how well it can carry its interest expense.
Free Cash 
Flow
Cash flow from operating activities minus investments.
Reason for use: This measure indicates relevant cash flow that the Group generates after 
strategical investments but before financing activities including potential dividends.
Free Cash 
Flow 
Excluding 
IFRS 16
Cash flow from operating activities minus investments, calculated excluding IFRS 16 
effects.
Reason for use: This measure indicates relevant cash flow that the Group generates after 
strategical investments but before financing activities including potential dividend.
Return on 
Equity
Profit for the year in relation to average equity.
Reason for use: Return on equity is used as a measure of how investments are used to 
generate increased revenue.
Return on 
Equity 
Excluding 
IFRS 16
Profit for the year in relation to average equity, calculated excluding IFRS 16 effects.
Reason for use: Return on equity is used as a measure of how investments are used to 
generate increased revenue.
Return on 
capital 
employed
Profit after financial items plus interest expense in relation to average equity plus average 
interest-bearing liabilities.
Reason for use: A measure of profitability after taking into consideration the amount of 
capital employed. A higher return on capital employed indicates that the capital is being 
used more effectively.
Return on 
capital 
employed 
Excluding 
IFRS 16
Profit after financial items plus interest expense in relation to average equity plus average 
interest-bearing liabilities, calculated excluding IFRS 16 effects.
Reason for use: A measure of profitability after taking into consideration the amount of 
capital employed. A higher return on capital employed indicates that the capital is being 
used more effectively. 
Share of risk-
bearing capital
Equity plus deferred tax liability in relation to the balance sheet total.
Reason for use: Shows financial potential and independence to develop the business.
Share of risk-
bearing capital 
Excluding 
IFRS 16
Equity plus deferred tax liability in relation to the balance sheet total, calculated 
excluding IFRS 16 effects.
Reason for use: Shows financial potential and independence to develop the business.
Cash 
Conversion
Cash flow from operating activities in relation to EBITDA.

--- Page 115 ---
106
Reason for use: A measure of how much operating cash flow a company generates in 
relation to its accounting profit. 
Cash 
Conversion 
Excluding 
IFRS 16
Cash flow from operating activities in relation to EBITDA, calculated excluding IFRS 
16 effects.
Reason for use: A measure of how much operating cash flow a company generates in 
relation to its accounting profit. 
Operating 
working 
Capital
Accounts Receivable plus Stock-In-Trade minus Accounts Payable. 
Reason for use: Assess a company's liquidity and operational efficiency as it looks at 
current trade related current assets and liabilities required to operate the business. 
Total Working 
Capital
Operating Working Capital plus Tax receivables, Other receivables and Prepaid expenses 
minus Tax liabilities, Other liabilities and Accrued expenses and prepaid income. 
Reason for use: Assess a company's liquidity and operational efficiency as it looks at 
current assets and liabilities required to operate the business.
Total Working 
Capital 
Excluding 
IFRS 16
Operating Working Capital plus Tax receivables, Other receivables and Prepaid expenses 
minus Tax liabilities, Other liabilities and Accrued expenses and prepaid income, 
calculated excluding IFRS 16 effects.
Reason for use: Assess a company's liquidity and operational efficiency as it looks at 
current assets and liabilities required to operate the business.

--- Page 116 ---
107
TAXATION
Swedish Taxation
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences relating to Noteholders. The summary is 
based on the laws of the Kingdom of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to provide general 
information only. The summary does not address, inter alia, situations where the Notes are held in an 
investment savings account (Sw. investeringssparkonto), the tax consequences of a write-down or conversion 
of the Notes, the existence of the ability of relevant regulatory authorities to effect such a write-down or 
conversion, any tax consequences following a variation or substitution (instead of redemption) of any Notes 
or the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Further, the summary does 
not address credit of foreign taxes in Sweden. Investors should consult a professional tax advisor regarding 
the Swedish tax and other tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the 
avoidance of double taxation) of acquiring, owning and disposing of the Notes in their particular 
circumstances.
Holders Not Tax Resident in Sweden
Payments of any principal or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes to the 
holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax, provided that such a holder (i) is not resident 
in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and (ii) does not have a permanent establishment in Sweden with which 
the Notes are effectively connected.
If the Notes are deemed to be securities taxed as shares, private individuals who have been residents of Sweden 
for tax purposes due to a habitual abode in Sweden or a continuous stay in Sweden at any time during the 
calendar year of disposal or redemption or the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemption 
are liable for capital gains taxation in Sweden upon disposal or redemption of such Notes. In a number of cases 
though, the applicability of this rule is limited by the applicable tax treaty for the avoidance of double taxation.
Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax deduction, is not imposed on payments of any principal or any 
amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes, except in relation to certain payments of 
interest (and other returns on Notes) to a private individual (or the estate of a deceased individual) who is (or 
was) resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes (see “Holders tax resident in Sweden” below).
Holders Tax Resident in Sweden
In general, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) with 
residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, all capital income (for example, income that is considered to 
be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. Specific tax consequences 
may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, for example life insurance companies. Moreover, 
specific tax consequences may be applicable if, and to the extent that, a holder of Notes realizes a capital loss 
on the Notes and to any currency exchange gains or losses.
If amounts that are deemed as interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity domiciled in Sweden, 
including a Swedish branch, to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with residence in 
Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are normally withheld by the legal entity on such 
payments. Swedish preliminary taxes should normally also be withheld on other returns on Notes (but not 
capital gains), if the return is paid out together with such a payment of interest referred to above.  
Dutch Taxation
MATERIAL DUTCH TAX CONSEQUENCES
Scope of Discussion
The following is a summary of the Dutch withholding tax treatment in relation to payments under the Notes 
by the relevant Issuer. This summary does not purport to describe all possible tax considerations or 
consequences that may be relevant to a holder or prospective holder of Notes and does not purport to deal 
with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as trusts or similar 
arrangements) may be subject to special rules. In view of its general nature, this summary should be treated

--- Page 117 ---
108
with corresponding caution. 
This summary of the Dutch withholding tax treatment is for general information purposes only and is not 
Dutch tax advice or a complete description of all Dutch tax consequences relating to the acquisition, holding 
and disposal of the Notes. Holders or prospective holders of Notes should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding the Dutch tax consequences relating to the acquisition, holding and disposal of the Notes in light of 
their particular circumstances.
This summary is based on the tax laws of the Netherlands, published regulations thereunder and published 
authoritative case law, all as in effect on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, possibly with 
retroactive effect. Where the summary refers to "the Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands located in Europe. In addition, the summary is based on the assumption that the 
Notes issued by the relevant Issuer do not qualify as equity of the relevant Issuer for Dutch tax purposes.  
Withholding tax 
Holders of Notes (other than entities related to the relevant Issuer; see below)
All payments made by the relevant Issuer under the Notes to holders of Notes may, other than holders that are 
entities related (gelieerd) to the relevant Issuer (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Act 2021 (Wet 
bronbelasting 2021)) (see below), be made free of withholding or deduction of, for or on account of any taxes 
of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or 
taxing authority thereof or therein.
Entities related to the relevant Issuer
Payments made by the relevant Issuer under the Notes to holders of Notes that are entities related to the 
relevant Issuer (within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021) (see below) may become subject 
to Dutch withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. (rate for 2021), if such related entity:
(i)
is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly updated Dutch 
Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden) (a "Listed 
Jurisdiction"); or 
(ii)
has a permanent establishment located in a Listed Jurisdiction to which the interest payable is 
attributable; or 
(iii)
is entitled to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation 
of another person or entity and there is an artificial arrangement or transaction or a series of 
artificial arrangements or transactions; or 
(iv)
is a hybrid entity (a hybrid mismatch), or
(v)
is not resident in any jurisdiction, 
all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021.
Listed Jurisdiction
For the fiscal year 2021, the following 23 jurisdictions are Listed Jurisdictions: American Samoa, Anguilla, 
Bahamas, Bahrain, Barbados, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Fiji, Guam, Guernsey, 
Isle of Man, Jersey, Palau, Panama, Samoa, Seychelles, Trinidad and Tobago, Turkmenistan, Turks and Caicos 
Islands, Vanuatu, the United Arab Emirates and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Related entity
For purposes of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021, an entity is considered an entity related to the relevant 
Issuer if:

--- Page 118 ---
109
(i)
such entity has a Qualifying Interest (as defined below) in the relevant Issuer; 
(ii)
the relevant Issuer has a Qualifying Interest in such entity; or 
(iii)
a third party has a Qualifying Interest in both the relevant Issuer and such entity. 
The term "Qualifying Interest" means a directly or indirectly held interest – either individually or jointly as 
part of a collaborating group (samenwerkende groep) – that confers a definite influence over the entity's 
decisions and allows the holder of such interest to determine its activities (within the meaning of case law of 
the European Court of Justice on the right of freedom of establishment (vrijheid van vestiging)).
Other Taxation Considerations
FATCA DISCLOSURE
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. Each Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Sweden and the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution 
in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments 
that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as 
Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued 
on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless 
materially modified after such date. However, if additional Notes (as described under “Terms and 
Conditions—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in Notes. 
The proposed financial transactions tax (FTT)
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances.  Primary market transactions referred to 
in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at 
least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State.  
A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be “established” in a participating Member State in a broad

--- Page 119 ---
110
range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State 
or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State.
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 120 ---
111
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 15 October 2021, agreed with the Issuers 
and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. 
Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the relevant Issuer (failing which, the Guarantor) has agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update 
of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith.
SELLING RESTRICTIONS
United States
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities 
laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not 
subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms 
will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not applicable.
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at any 
time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche of which 
such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any 
Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on 
offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act.
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 121 ---
112
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made 
and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State:
(A)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(B)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or
(C)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision: 

the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in any Member State means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; 
and

the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.
United Kingdom
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the UK. For the 
purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not

--- Page 122 ---
113
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Offering Circular as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the UK:
(A)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;
(B)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or
(C)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, provided that no such 
offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision:

the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes means the communication in 
any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes; and

the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that:
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and

--- Page 123 ---
114
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the UK.
Japan
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold Notes and will not offer or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign 
Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, 
directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption 
from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable 
laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended 
from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, 
and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not 
distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation 
to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer.
Sweden
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription 
or purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy Notes or distribute any draft or definite document in 
relation to any such offer, invitation or sale in the Kingdom of Sweden except in circumstances that will not 
result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation.
The Netherlands
Notes in definitive bearer form issued by the relevant Issuer that constitute a fixed claim against such Issuer 
and on which interest does not become due during their term or on which no interest is due whatsoever are 
subject to the above mentioned selling restriction under “Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors” and, in 
addition thereto, may fall within the definition of ‘spaarbewijzen’ as referred to in the Dutch Savings 
Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: they will not transfer or accept 
such Notes within, from or into the Netherlands unless it is done through the mediation of either the relevant 
Issuer or a member of Euronext in Amsterdam N.V., and unless it shall be either:
a)
between individuals or legal entities who or which trade or invest in securities in the conduct of a 
profession or trade (which includes banks, brokers, dealers, insurance companies, pension funds, other 
institutional investors and commercial enterprises which regularly, as an ancillary activity invest in 
securities); or
b)
in any other case, recorded in a transaction note, including the name and address of each party to the 
transaction, the nature of the transaction and the details and serial number of such Note.
The above prohibition does not apply (a) to a transfer and acceptance between individuals who do not act in 
the conduct of a profession or a business, (b) to the initial issue of such Notes to the first holders thereof, or 
(c) to the issue and trading of such Notes within, from or into the Netherlands if they are physically issued 
outside the Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter distributed in the Netherlands or to residents of the 
Netherlands in the course of primary trading or immediately thereafter.

--- Page 124 ---
115
In the event that the Dutch Savings Certificates Act applies, the relevant Issuer of the Notes or the Dealers or 
the Principal Paying Agent, as the case may be, which make payments or act as intermediaries in respect 
thereof are obliged to formally identify their counterparty(ies) and to keep a record of the details and serial 
numbers of the Notes involved.
Singapore
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that this Offering Circular has not been and will not be registered as a 
prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription 
or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Offering 
Circular or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, 
as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant 
to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the 
SFA.
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except:
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA, and further for corporations, 
in accordance with the conditions specified in section 275 of the SFA;
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) - The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state 
the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the SFA. The relevant Issuer will make 
a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of

--- Page 125 ---
116
Section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant 
persons" for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA.
General
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Offering Circular and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, 
sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject 
or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuers, the Guarantor nor any 
of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor.
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Arranger and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully 
be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 126 ---
117
GENERAL INFORMATION
Authorisation
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of H&M dated 25 June 2020 and the giving of the Guarantee has been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of H&M dated 25 June 2020.
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of H&M Finance dated 13 October 2021. 
Listing of Notes
It is expected that each Tranche of the Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue 
of one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of 
this Offering Circular to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market. The approval of 
the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 15 October 2021.
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in relation 
to Notes issued under the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under the Programme 
to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.
Documents Available
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Offering Circular, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection from https://hmgroup.com/investors/debt-financing/:
(a)
the constitutive documents (with an English translation thereof) of H&M and the deed of 
incorporation, including the articles of association, (with an English translation thereof) of H&M 
Finance;
(b)
the Agency Agreement, including the forms of the Guarantee, the Deed of Covenant, the Global Notes, 
the Notes in definitive form, the Coupons and the Talons;
(c)
a copy of this Offering Circular; and
(d)
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, Final Terms and supplements to 
this Offering Circular and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference.
Clearing Systems
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking S.A., 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 127 ---
118
Conditions for determining price
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.
Yield
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Significant or Material Change
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of H&M or the Group 
since 31 August 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of H&M or the Group 
since 30 November 2020.
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of H&M Finance since 
the date of its incorporation and no material adverse change in the prospects of H&M Finance since the date 
of its incorporation.
Litigation
Neither of the Issuers or the Guarantor nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which either Issuer or the Guarantor is aware) in the 12 months (except as described in 
“Description of H&M – Legal Proceedings” above) preceding the date of this document which may have or 
have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of either of the Issuers, the 
Guarantor or the Group. 
Auditors
Ernst & Young AB (EY), who are authorised and regulated by the Supervisory Board of Public Accountants 
(Revisorsnämnden), audited H&M’s accounts, without qualification, in accordance with IFRS for each of the 
two financial years ended on 30 November 2020 and 30 November 2019. With effect from H&M’s annual 
general meeting held on 6 May 2021, Deloitte AB (Deloitte), who are authorised and regulated by the 
Supervisory Board of Public Accountants (Revisorsnämnden), have replaced EY as statutory auditors of H&M, 
and will audit H&M’s accounts for the financial year ended on 30 November 2021. Deloitte have audited 
H&M’s accounts, without qualification, in accordance with IFRS for the nine month period ended 31 August 
2021.
H&M Finance is not required under Dutch company law to prepare audited financial statements and 
accordingly has not appointed auditors.
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor
In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuers, the Guarantor or 
Issuers' or the Guarantor's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship 
with the Issuers or the Guarantor routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuers and the Guarantor 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would 
hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps 
or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme.

--- Page 128 ---
119
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments.

--- Page 129 ---
ISSUER
H&M Finance B.V.
Keizersgracht 271
1016 ED Amsterdam
The Netherlands
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR
H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ)
Mäster Samuelsgatan 46A
SE-106 38 Stockholm
Sweden
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy
L-1855  Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
REGISTRAR
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy
L-1855  Luxembourg
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English law
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Swedish law
White & Case LLP
5 Old Broad Street
London EC2N 1DW
United Kingdom
White & Case Advokat AB
Biblioteksgatan 12
SE-114 85 Stockholm
Sweden
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to Dutch law
NautaDutilh N.V.
Beethovenstraat 400
1082 PR Amsterdam
The Netherlands
To the Dealers as to English law
Allen & Overy LLP
One Bishops Square
London E1 6AD
United Kingdom

--- Page 130 ---
AUDITORS
To H & M Hennes & Mauritz AB (publ)
For the financial years ended 
30 November 2019 and 30 November 2020
Ernst & Young AB
Jakobsbergsgatan 24
SE-103 99 Stockholm
Sweden
For the financial year ended 
30 November 2021, as appointed on 6 May 2021. 
Deloitte AB
Södra Hamngatan 53
Box 33, Gothenburg
Sweden
ARRANGER
BNP PARIBAS
16, boulevard des Italiens
75009 Paris
France
DEALERS
BNP PARIBAS
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft
16, boulevard des Italiens
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)
75009 Paris
60311 Frankfurt am Main
France
Germany
Danske Bank A/S
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ)
2-12 Holmens Kanal
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8
DK-1092 Copenhagen K
106 40 Stockholm
Denmark
Sweden
Standard Chartered Bank AG
Taunusanlage 16
60325 Frankfurt am Main
Germany
LISTING AGENT
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited
Ten Earlsfort Terrace
Dublin 2
Ireland