--- Page 1 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Base Prospectus

--- Page 2 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 2 of 36 
 
 
Important notice  
This Base Prospectus prepared according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, is valid for a period of up 
to 12 months following its approval by Norwegian FSA. This Base Prospectus was approved by the 
Norwegian FSA on 04.02.2025. The prospectus for issuance of new bonds or other securities may for 
a period of up to 12 months from the date of the approval consist of this Base Prospectus and a Final 
Term to each issue.   
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in chapter 1 Risk factors, and 
elsewhere in the Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability 
of an investment in bonds, including any legal requirements, exchange control regulations and tax 
consequences within the country of residence and domicile for the acquisition, holding and disposal 
of bonds relevant to such prospective investor. 
The manager and/or affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be a market 
maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus 
and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such 
instruments. The managers corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for 
this Company in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known. Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or 
into or made available in the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, 
nominees and trustees) must not distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or 
into the United States. 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being 
made or will be made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example 
in Canada, Japan, Australia and in the United Kingdom. Verification and approval of the Base 
Prospectus by the Norwegian FSA implies that the Base Prospectus may be used in any EEA country. 
No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where such action is required, and any information contained herein or in any other sales 
document relating to bonds does not constitute an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction 
in which such offer or solicitation is not lawful or in which the person making such offer or solicitation 
is not qualified to do so or to anyone to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation. 
The content of the Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential 
investors should seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
Unless otherwise stated, the Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute 
regarding the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 3 of 36 
 
 
Table of Contents: 
 
 
1. Risk factors ..................................................................................................................... 4 
2. Persons responsible ......................................................................................................... 8 
3. Definitions ...................................................................................................................... 9 
4. Statutory auditors .......................................................................................................... 10 
5. Information about the Issuer ........................................................................................... 11 
6. Business overview .......................................................................................................... 13 
7. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies .......................................................... 17 
8. Major shareholders ......................................................................................................... 21 
9. Financial information ....................................................................................................... 22 
10. Documents on display ................................................................................................... 24 
12. Cross reference list ....................................................................................................... 35 
13. Appendix ..................................................................................................................... 36

--- Page 4 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 4 of 36 
 
 
1. Risk factors  
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE COMPANY 
 
 
Investing in bonds issued by Hafslund AS involves inherent risks. Prospective investors should 
carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base Prospectus before making 
an investment decision.   
 
A prospective investor should carefully consider all the risks related to the Company and should 
consult his or her own expert advisors as to the suitability of an investment in bonds issued by the 
Company. An investment in bonds entails significant risks and is suitable only for investors who 
understand the risk factors associated with this type of investment and who can afford a loss of all 
or part of the investment. Against this background, an investor should thus make a careful 
assessment of the Company, its creditworthiness, and its prospects before deciding to invest, 
including its current and future tax position. 
 
The risk factors for the Company and the Group are deemed to be equivalent for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus unless otherwise stated. 
 
The Company believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in bonds issued by the Company. It applies for all risk factors that, if materialized, and 
depending on the circumstances, may have an adverse effect on the Company and which may reduce 
anticipated revenue and profitability, ultimately resulting in a potential insolvency situation.    
 
Financial Risk – Market risk 
Due to the Group’s hydropower and district heating activities, Hafslund is exposed to movements in 
market prices. For the hydropower business, the key factors are electricity prices and the euro to 
Norwegian kroner exchange rate. For the district heating operations, in addition to being affected by 
electricity prices, the business is exposed to volatility in market prices for key input factors required 
for production. Persistent low electricity prices, elevated costs of production inputs for district 
heating, or a stronger Norwegian krone relative to the euro could adversely affect the group’s 
profitability and financial stability. Such developments may also affect their credit rating negatively, 
making it harder to finance or refinance at favorable rates or even at all. All power trading is governed 
by frameworks and followed up through reporting to Group management and the Board. Parts of 
future exposure are hedged within these frameworks. The Group’s power trading unit also actively 
takes positions in the market. The Group’s operations are adjusted in accordance with factors such 
as the perception of future prices, its own production capacity and regulatory conditions. 
Hafslund generates substantial revenues in euros through its ownership interest in Hafslund Kraft 
AS, and the Group is an active participant in energy markets where trading takes place in different 
currencies. Earnings in foreign currencies are converted to Norwegian kroner on an ongoing basis. 
The Group’s costs are primarily in Norwegian kroner. Hence, a significant weakening of the euro 
against the Norwegian krone could result in reduced revenues due to the exchange rate fluctuations. 
In the worst-case scenario, this could lead to the Group being unable to meet its financial obligations. 
Hafslund is also exposed to currency risk as they can enter into loan agreements and other 
agreements in foreign currency. All long-term loans in foreign currency and some of the power price-
hedged volume are currency-hedged.  
Hafslund is particularly exposed to interest rate risk on loans, for which changing interest rates will 
have an impact on the Group’s financing costs. Hafslund is primarily exposed to interest rate risk 
through its financing activities in Norwegian kroner and foreign currency.

--- Page 5 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 5 of 36 
 
 
Financial Risk – credit and counterparty risk 
The Group is exposed to credit and counterparty risk, primarily through the sale of district heating, 
financial and physical power trading, and in connection with financing activities. For the district 
heating business, the majority of debtors are public institutions, companies and private companies 
that purchase district heating. A significant share of hydropower production is sold on an ongoing 
basis in the spot market on Nord Pool. When entering into longer-term physical and financial 
contracts, counterparty risk is managed using clearing, guarantees and settlement mechanisms. In 
the event that counterparties fail to fulfill their contractual obligations, some or all of the anticipated 
income from such agreements may not be realized, which could have an adverse impact on 
Hafslund’s financial performance. Exposure related to contract counterparties is continually 
monitored and evaluated. Risk is limited and managed in accordance with the Group’s established 
framework, which includes defined limits for credit ratings of approved counterparties, and 
diversifying exposure over multiple counterparties. The Group has historically experienced low losses 
on receivables.  
 
Financial Risk – liquidity risk 
The Group’s cash flow varies in line with factors such as fluctuations in power prices, capital 
requirements for power hedging, seasonal fluctuations in own production, investment levels and loan 
maturities. Persistent low electricity prices and/or low hydropower production, increased capital 
requirement for power hedging, increased investment levels and concentrated loan maturities can 
make Hafslund face liquidity problems, and the Group might be required to dispose material assets 
or operations, to meet its debt service and other obligations. Liquidity risk is managed by maintaining 
sufficient liquid funds at all times to enable the Group to service all financial liabilities upon maturity, 
including for extraordinary events, without risking unacceptable loss or damaged reputation. There 
are continual analyses of ingoing and outgoing payments, and the liquidity risk is minimized by short 
and long-term borrowing. Hafslund has established long-term, committed credit facilities that ensure 
access to liquidity as well as credit lines catering for capital requirement from exchange traded power 
hedging contracts. 
 
Regulatory Risk  
Hafslund is impacted by changes to framework conditions within a number of areas. Regulatory and 
statutory amendments that have immediate or retroactive effect can have a major impact on financial 
results and other goal attainments. This includes changes in tax levels and new or amended energy 
market regulations that may impact several of the Group’s business areas. Regulatory risk tied to 
tax changes can decrease profitability, reduce competitiveness, and create uncertainty in financial 
planning. The hydropower business is highly vulnerable to changes in tax legislation and market 
regulation. For the Group’s flexible hydropower production, market regulation in the physical and 
financial power markets is also particularly important Eidsiva Energi, in which Hafslund has a 50 per 
cent ownership interest, is also particularly exposed to regulatory risks within grid and broadband 
operations.  
Regulatory risk is closely monitored through continuous work on framework conditions. The Group 
places an emphasis on risk associated with long-term framework conditions in connection with all 
major investment decisions.  
The competitiveness of district heating is highly dependent on regulatory factors relating to both 
district heating sales and incineration of waste and other input factors used for producing district 
heating. Changes to regulatory conditions could potentially also limit power production.  The district 
heating sector is subject to strict regulation, with pricing governed by the Energy act. Currently, 
providers must offer private customers discounts equivalent to those provided under the 
government’s electricity support scheme. Planned changes to this price regulation could significantly

--- Page 6 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 6 of 36 
 
 
affect company profitability. District heating businesses that rely on waste incineration are subject 
to an incineration tax. An increase in this tax could substantially reduce their profitability. 
 
Operational Risk 
Hafslund is exposed to operational risk along the entire value chain. The operational risk is greatest 
within ongoing operational activities and project execution. Line management is responsible for day-
to-day risk management. The business areas manage operational risk through measures such as 
systematic maintenance, detailed procedures for activities, controls and emergency response plans. 
The Group’s infrastructure is exposed to physical risk as a result of climate change. This is witnessed 
not only acutely in the form of more extreme weather, but also chronically in terms of the impact 
that changing temperatures have on energy production in subsidiaries and the impact on critical 
supply chains. The Group has insurance contracts, which include damage to the Group’s own 
production facilities and other property. Liability insurance agreements have been entered into, 
including dam liability insurance, which covers damage to third parties and third-party property. The 
Group also has insurance related to lost power production in the event of interruptions. 
Risk relating to security of supply is of vital importance, and cyber security is a focus area that is 
closely monitored. The global security situation has given rise to an intensified cyber threat 
landscape, and the Group has been forced to adapt to the new geopolitical cyber situation. Hafslund 
continuously follows advice and recommendations given by government authorities and supervisory 
agencies, and participates in both KraftCERT and the Forum for Information Security in Power Supply 
(FSK). KraftCERT and FSK are specialist communities within the field of cybersecurity in the power 
industry that assist their members with advice and management of cyber incidents that are a 
potential threat to security.  
Hafslund has established systems for the registration and reporting of censurable conditions, 
undesirable incidents, injuries and improvement measures. Analyses are continually carried out with 
the aim of assessing risk, prevention and implementing measures when necessary. 
 
Climate Risk – physical 
Physical risk refers to impacts resulting from climate change and altered weather patterns, such as 
increased frequency of extreme weather events, floods, and heatwaves. Parts of the Group's 
infrastructure are located at low geographical levels, making them susceptible to rising sea levels. 
Hafslund Celsio has its district heating infrastructure located in low geographical level and risk related 
to sea level rise can lead to water submersion that can cause corrosion to the network and interrupt 
the operation of a part of the heat network. The risk is known from previous floodings, and Celsio 
have already in place detection- and alarm systems for the DH-networks in the exposed area, 
representing a minor (but still important) part of the total DH-system. FT1Increased occurrences of 
extreme weather events and floods may pose a higher risk of damage and breakdowns in the Group's 
facilities 3 the dam break in Braskereidfoss in 2023 serves as an example.  
 
Climate Risk – transition 
Transition risk refers to direct and indirect effects on the Group as a result of the transition to a low-
emission society. The transition is expected to bring about changes in legal, technological, political, 
and market conditions that could potentially have a significant impact on Hafslund. 
Hafslund is exposed to changes driven by political measures to reduce emissions from the power 
sector, district heating operations, waste incineration, and other industrial sectors. This may involve 
changes in taxes and fees or market changes that have the potential to affect the Group's results. 
The Group's largest greenhouse gas emissions are related to the waste incineration plants of the 
district heating operations.

--- Page 7 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 7 of 36 
 
 
Hydropower producers face increased regulatory requirements related to sustainability and ESG 
reporting, which increases the cost and complexity of operations. 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE BONDS 
Market risk 
There is a risk that the value of the bonds will decrease due to the change in market conditions for 
Hafslund AS. The price of a single bond issue will fluctuate in accordance with the interest rate and 
credit markets in general, the market view of the credit risk of that particular bond issue, and the 
liquidity of this bond issue in the market. As such, despite an underlying positive development in 
Hafslund’s business activities, the price of the bond may fall independent of this fact.  
 
Hafslund AS issues both floating rate and fixed rate bonds. Bond issues with a relatively short tenor 
and a floating rate coupon rate do however in general carry a lower price risk compared to bonds 
with a longer tenor and/or with a fixed coupon rate. When interest rates in the broader market rise, 
the value of existing bonds typically falls. This inverse relationship arises because new bonds are 
issued at the higher prevailing rates, making older bonds with lower coupon rates less attractive. For 
bondholders, this can lead to capital losses if they need to sell the bonds before maturity. 
 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of securities 
linked to or referencing such benchmarks  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including NIBOR) are subject of 
recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect 
on any securities linked to or referencing such a benchmark.  
The benchmarks regulation could have a material impact on any Bonds linked to or referencing a 
benchmark, in particular if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order 
to comply with the requirements of the benchmark regulations. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level of the benchmark.  
For the Bonds that are linked to NIBOR there is a risk that any discontinuance or reforms of NIBOR 
may have a material adverse effect on the pricing of the Bonds. No guarantees can be made as to 
the continuance of the current underlying reference rate of the Bonds and the possible consequences 
a potential discontinuance of NIBOR may have on the value of the Bonds. 
 
Green Bonds 
When Hafslund AS issue “Green Bonds” an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Green Bonds will 
be used to finance a portfolio of assets and projects, in whole or in part, that are in accordance and 
are deemed eligible to be financed with the Green Project categories and criteria defined in Hafslund’s 
Green Finance Framework (the “Framework”). However, failure to comply with the Framework does 
not constitute an event of default.  
 
The Framework has been developed and is aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles (“ICMA 
GBPs”) and the LMA Green Loan Principles (“LMA GLPs”) and defines the assets and projects that can 
be financed by Green Bonds. Should the Bonds not qualify as "green" pursuant to such regulations 
and standards or should the Issuer fail to maintain its Green Finance Framework, this may have an 
adverse impact on the pricing of the bonds. There can be no assurance that these Green Projects 
meet each individual investor’s investment criteria.

--- Page 8 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 8 of 36 
 
 
2. Persons responsible  
 
RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION 
Responsible for the information given in the Prospectus are as follows:  
 
Hafslund AS, 
Harbitzalléen 5,  
0275 Oslo, 
P.O. Box 990 Skøyen, 
0247 Oslo, 
Norway. 
 
 
DECLARATION BY RESPONSIBLE 
Hafslund AS confirms that, to the best of their knowledge, the information contained in the 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
 
 
 
04.02.2025 
 
 
 
Hafslund AS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COMPETENT AUTHORITY APPROVAL 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (the “Norwegian 
FSA”) (Finanstilsynet), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Company or of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities.

--- Page 9 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 9 of 36 
 
 
3. Definitions 
 
AMS 
- 
Advanced metering System 
AS 
- 
Aksjeselskap (Norwegian Limited Liability Company) 
Base Prospectus 
- 
This Base Prospectus including the attached template for 
Final Terms dated 04.02.2025 
Company/Issuer 
- 
Hafslund AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway 
with registration number 920 596 509 and LEI -code 
549300UAIWLC88DDWH20  
CO₂ 
- 
Carbon Dioxide 
Final Terms 
- 
Document to be prepared for each new issue or tap of bonds 
Finance Document 
- 
The Bond Terms and the Bond Trustee Agreement, as well 
as any other document designated by the Issuer and the 
Bond Trustee as a Finance Document 
Group/Hafslund 
- 
The Company and its subsidiaries from time to time 
GWh 
- 
Gigawatt-hour (measurement of energy) 
IAS 
- 
International Accounting Standards 
IFRS 
- 
IFRS(®) Accounting Standards 
LNG 
- 
Liquified Natural Gas 
MW 
- 
Megawatt (measurement of power capacity) 
NOK 
- 
Norwegian Krone (Currency) 
Prospectus 
- 
This Base Prospectus together with the applicable Final 
Terms 
TWh 
- 
Terawatt-hour (measurement of energy)

--- Page 10 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 10 of 36 
 
 
4. Statutory auditors 
The Company’s auditor for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been PricewaterhouseCoopers AS (“PWC”).  
PWC contact information: Dronning Eufemias gt. 71, 0194 Oslo, Norway.  
PWC is a member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (No: Den Norske 
Revisorforeningen).

--- Page 11 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 11 of 36 
 
 
5. Information about the Company 
Hafslund is a Norwegian limited liability company domiciled in Norway and existing under the laws of 
Norway, including the Limited Liability Companies Act. The legal name of the Company is Hafslund 
AS and the commercial name is Hafslund. The Company was incorporated in Norway on 5 March 
2018 and is registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry with registration number 920 596 509 
and LEI-code 549300UAIWLC88DDWH20. The Company’s head office and registered officeis 
Harbitzalléen 5, 0275 Oslo, Norway, and its telephone number is +47 24 11 65 00.    
The Company’s website is hafslund.no1 
Hafslund was originally established on 18 March 1898 as a continuation of a partnership with the aim 
of establishing power production in Sarpsfossen, as well as building a carbide factory to utilize the 
power production. Today, Hafslund is a renewable energy group made up of three business areas: 
Power production (Hafslund Kraft), which is a power producer, District heating (Hafslund Celsio), 
which is a supplier of district heating, and Growth and investments (Hafslund Vekst), which brings 
together the Group’s industrial ownership and growth initiatives, including ownership of Eidsiva 
Energi, which includes Elvia, a grid company. Hafslund is 100 per cent owned by the City of Oslo. 
Hafslund AS is the parent company of the Group and operates purely as a holding company with no 
other operational activities. Hafslund AS relies on cash flows in the form of dividends and interest on 
internal loans from the companies where the operational activities take place to meet their 
obligations. There are no restrictions on cash flows from the subsidiaries. The parent company 
handles the financing within the Group and provides internal financing to subsidiaries as needed. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the issuer has been rated A- (stable outlook) by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and A- (positive outlook) by Scope Ratings GmbH (Scope). has 
assigned the Issuer a rating of A- with positive outlook. A credit rating at this level denotes a company 
with good financial robustness and, therefore, a relatively low likelihood of default. The rating scale 
ranges from AAA to D, where AAA represents the highest grade awarded to companies that have 
demonstrated stability over time and possess an extremely strong capacity to fulfill their obligations. 
The scale proceeds downward through AA, A, BBB, BB, and B to C/D, which indicates that all credit 
is strongly discouraged. Ratings can also be modified with a plus (+) or minus (-) to show their 
relative position within a category. Ratings from BBB and above are often referred to as "investment 
grade," signifying low investment risk. However, companies rated BBB carry a somewhat higher risk 
of adverse effects from changes in regulatory conditions or economic factors compared to a AAA-
rated company.  
According to the Company’s articles of association section 3 the business of the Company is: 1) 
Production, distribution, storage, trading, and utilization of energy, 2) Industry, telecommunications, 
trade, consulting and contracting, technology, and financial activities, including physical and financial 
energy trading, 3) other activities related to the aforementioned purposes, including the operation 
and management of the company’s real estate and other resources. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Registration Document unless information is incorporated by reference into 
the Registration Document

--- Page 12 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 12 of 36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Set out below is the simplified Group structure:

--- Page 13 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 13 of 36 
 
 
6. Business overview  
Hafslund  is a renewable energy group made up of three business areas: Power production (Hafslund 
Kraft), District heating (Hafslund Celsio) and Growth and investments (Hafslund Vekst).   
 
Power production: Hafslund Kraft 
Hafslund owns, operates and maintains 81 hydropower plants, provides system services to the power 
system, and sells power in the wholesale market. The power production business had 860 employees 
at the end of 2024. The annual normal power production is approximately 18 TWh, and power plants 
with a total normal production of approximately 21 TWh per year are operated. That equates to 
enough electricity to supply more than 2.8 million people. Of the hydropower business’ annual normal 
production, about 60 per cent is adjustable (reservoir-based) and about 40 per cent nonadjustable 
(river power). Approximately 59 per cent of normal production is in price area NO1 (Southeast 
Norway), 36 per cent is in price area NO5 (Western Norway), and 5 per cent is in price area NO3 
(Central Norway). The largest facility, Aurland 1, has an annual normal production of 2.3 TWh and 
total installed capacity of 840 MW. The plant covers the annual electricity consumption of 
approximately 115,000 households. The Group’s total installed capacity is approximately 5,200 MW. 
Hafslund has the goal of increasing renewable power production both organically and structurally. 
Six new power plants have been completed in recent years that produce a total of over 1 TWh in new 
renewable power. Work is continuously being carried out on upgrading and expanding Hafslund’s 
power plants, and the equivalent of approximately 20-40 GWh of new renewable energy is added 
each year. In addition, Hafslund is looking for profitable development projects and there are currently 
several such projects under development. These projects collectively have the potential to contribute 
700 GWh of increased renewable energy and 600 MW in increased output.  
 
District heating: Hafslund Celsio  
Hafslund Celsio supplies the residents of Oslo with heating and cooling. Among other things, district 
heating is produced by utilizing excess heat from the city’s waste incineration, data centers and 
sewage. Hafslund Celsio owns and operates two waste incineration plants in Oslo and ensures 
sustainable handling of waste that cannot be recycled. Incinerating waste that can neither be reused 
nor recycled is much better for the environment and the climate than sending it to landfill. Waste 
incineration is a particularly good solution if the surplus energy, i.e. the heat from the incineration, 
is reused in a district heating system, as it is in Oslo and several other cities in Norway. Hafslund 
Celsio is also working to realise full-scale carbon capture and storage at the Klemetsrud waste 
incineration plant. 
In addition to being an energy supplier, Hafslund Celsio is an infrastructure and urban development 
company that contributes to the development of a greener and smarter Oslo. At the end of 2024, 
Hafslund Celsio had approximately 230 employees working at the two waste incineration plants at 
Klemetsrud and Haraldrud and at the headquarters in Skøyen. 
 
Waste incineration 
Hafslund Celsio owns and operates two waste incineration plants, one of which is located at 
Klemetsrud and the other at Haraldrud in Oslo. From these plants, the company provides safe and 
environmentally friendly final treatment of residual waste that cannot or should not be recycled. 
Hafslund Oslo Celsio incinerate approximately 366 000 tonnes of residual waste a year. The excess 
heat produced from waste incineration is fed into the district heating network.

--- Page 14 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 14 of 36 
 
 
District heating activities and waste incineration are important and necessary parts of the circular 
economy. Incineration of this type of waste has a much lower impact on the environment than storing 
waste in landfill, which is still a common practice in many European countries.. Incinerating the waste 
and utilizing the energy that is created reduces society’s need for electricity and relieves pressure on 
the rest of the energy system.  
 
Heating 
Hafslund Celsio produces, distributes and sells district heating. The production of district heating is 
largely based on excess heat from the company’s waste incineration plant, however, also includes 
excess heat from data centers and Oslo’s sewage. Other energy carriers such as bio-oil, electricity 
and wood pellets are also used during peak-load periods.  
Heat production supplied to the district heating network is around 2 TWh a year Of this total 
production, 1,014 GWh is from waste heat (excess heat from the incineration of sorted residual 
waste), 218 GWh is from heat pumps, 208 GWh is from wood pellets, 389 GWh is from electric 
boilers, 136 GWh is from bio-oil, and 32 GWh is from liquefied natural gas (LNG). Hafslund Oslo 
Celsio’s share of fossil fuels is therefore around 1.7 per cent in a year. At Klemetsrud, 151 GWh of 
electricity is also produced using excess heat from waste incineration.  
Hafslund Celsio is actively working to increase the use of local excess energy as sources of heat for 
district heating production. STACK’s data center at Ulven now transfers around 5.0 MW of thermal 
energy to Hafslund Celsio’s district heating system. This provides heat equivalent to heating and hot 
tap water for 4,000 Oslo homes and reduces Celsio’s need for an alternative supply of energy by 22 
GWh. 
  
Carbon capture and storage 
Hafslund Celsio’s waste incineration plant at Klemetsrud is a large emission point and produces a 
significant proportion of the Oslo’s total CO2 emissions. Without carbon capture at the plant, it will 
not be possible for the City of Oslo to achieve its ambitious climate targets. The agreement to finance 
a full-scale carbon capture and storage plant at Klemetsrud was entered into in June 2022 and 
construction work commenced in August 2022. However, in April 2023 Hafslund Celsio made the 
decision to move the project into a cost-reducing phase. At that point in time, the project had used 
less than ten per cent of the investment framework. As part of the cost-reducing phase, new suppliers 
were asked to present alternative solutions that could reduce costs. In November 2023, on the basis 
of concept studies that were carried out, SLB Capturi and Aker Solutions were selected to conduct 
the engineering and design phase of the project, with the possibility of a contract for the construction 
and installation of the facility. At the same time, Hafslund Celsio chose to cancel the agreement with 
the original supplier.  
 
In January 2025, Hafslund Celsio has decided to resume the carbon capture project at Klemetsrud 
in Oslo. Together with Aker Solutions and SLB Capturi, they will build a large,full-scale carbon capture 
plant. The plant will capture 350 000 tonnes of CO2 annually and will be in operation in 2029.

--- Page 15 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 15 of 36 
 
 
Growth and investments: Hafslund Vekst 
Hafslund Vekst works with active industrial ownership, company building and new growth initiatives 
within the renewable value chain. The company has an important task in managing many of the 
ownership interests in which Hafslund is not the majority shareholder, including ownership in Eidsiva 
Energi AS and Fredrikstad Energi AS, Hafslund Vekst has a dedicated group for investments and 
active ownership follow-up. Hafslund Vekst is also working on company building and new business 
opportunities related to new renewable production, smart, green urban development, and flexibility 
and storage. Hafslund Vekst has, within a short period of time, become a medium-sized growth 
company with an extensive portfolio that includes offshore wind, solar power, onshore wind, electric 
vehicle charging, zero-emissions construction sites, energy storage, business development, 
consulting and venture capital.  
 
Ownership in Eidsiva Energi and Fredrikstad Energi 
Hafslund Vekst has a significant ownership interest in grid operations, district heating and broadband 
as the largest owner of Eidsiva Energi with a 50 per cent stake. Eidsiva Energi owns 100 per cent of 
Elvia, which a large grid company with about 985,000 customers. Elvia builds, operates, maintains 
and renews the power grid in Innlandet, Akershus, Østfold and Oslo. Eidsiva Energi also owns Eidsiva 
Bioenergi, which a large supplier of district heating and supplies approximately 520 GWh of district 
heating via its own infrastructure to the private and corporate markets in Innlandet. The Eidsivas 
portfolio also includes Eidsiva Bredbånd, which supplies fiber and broadband to 90,000 customers, 
primarily in Innlandet. Hafslund Vekst also has a 49 per cent ownership interest in Fredrikstad Energi, 
which owns Norgesnett. Norgesnett builds, operates, maintains and renews the power grid for more 
than 100,000 customers in seven municipalities in Eastern and Western Norway. 
 
New renewable energy production 
Hafslund Vekst is Hafslund’s most important tool for development of renewable power generation. 
While hydropower growth projects are naturally placed with Hafslund Kraft, growth and development 
projects within all other technologies are placed with Hafslund Vekst.  
In the solar energy segment, Hafslund has signed a major agreement with Helios Nordic Energy AB 
to acquire seven solar park projects in Southern Sweden, with an expected annual production of over 
250 GWh. These projects represent an important step in strengthening Hafslund’s position as a big 
producer of renewable energy in the region. The development of the solar parks, which is planned to 
take place between 2025 and 2028, will be strategically located in areas linked to Southern Norway, 
and is expected to play an important role in meeting increasing power demand in these areas with 
energy deficits.  
Hafslund is working on developing new projects within onshore wind and is working together with 
Eidsiva Energi to develop projects with a primary focus in Eastern Norway that will be able to be 
realised closer to 2030.  
Within offshore wind, Hafslund Vekst has been one of three partners in the Blåvinge partnership, 
together with Fred Olsen Seawind and Ørsted. Ørsted withdrew from Norway during the fall of 2023 
after making the decision to prioritise investments in the portfolio. However, Blåvinge is maintaining 
its strong ambitions for offshore wind on the Norwegian continental shelf. Following an extensive 
assessment, Blåvinge chose not to participate in the competitive tender for phase one of the offshore 
wind development in Sørlige Nordsjø II or Utsira Nord.  
Hafslund Vekst made the decision together with Cloudberry Clean Energy to consider alternatives to 
the Stenkalles Grund project in Vänern, Sweden, due to the project’s insufficient profitability.

--- Page 16 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 16 of 36 
 
 
Green urban development and flexibility 
The business developers at Hafslund Vekst place emphasis on identifying and further developing 
innovative ideas for specific initiatives and projects. Examples of this are the charging company 
Elaway AS and the solar panel company Enny AS, both of which are the result of the focus on smart, 
green urban development. This segment also includes Hafslund Rådgivning, which is a specialised 
advisory group dedicated to emission free transport and infrastructure, innovative energy systems, 
zero-emissions construction sites, power grids and strategies for the green transition. The customers 
are both private and public stakeholders, including Posten Norge and the City of Oslo’s Climate 
Agency, as well as several municipalities and ports. 
During the year, Hafslund Vekst signed an agreement with Telenor, HitecVision and Analysys Mason 
to develop and build secure and sustainable data centers in Norway. The objective is to realise three 
data centers in the Oslo region and utilise the excess heat in the city’s district heating network. 
Together with Obligo, Hafslund Vekst has also invested in the charging company Fastcharge AS, 
which focuses on the development of charging stations and infrastructure for heavy transport. The 
company has set the goal of establishing ten charging stations and one hundred charging points in 
Southern Norway by 2025. 
Within flexibility, a team was also established in 2023 that is working on the development of a smart 
control system for energy loads. The aim is to be able to effectively manage both higher and lower 
consumption and production loads in order to optimize the functionality of the electricity grid and 
generate revenue from the flexibility markets. In connection with this, Enova has awarded Hafslund 
and Volte NOK 10 million to explore how small and medium-sized businesses can reduce electricity 
costs while also generating revenue by utilizing grid capacity and contributing to balanced operation 
of the energy system.  
 
Venture 
Hafslund Invest makes investments in innovative start-up and growth companies that develop 
climate and environmental technology and are strategically relevant to their ownership groups. 
(Hafslund Invest AS is owned 65 per cent by Hafslund Vekst AS and 35 per cent by Eidsiva Energi 
AS). The company’s goal is to be an active owner that creates value and assists its portfolio 
companies by providing both expertise and resources.

--- Page 17 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 17 of 36 
 
 
7. Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
All persons referred to in this section – chapter 7 – can be reached at the Company’s registered 
business address at Harbitzalléen 5, 0275 Oslo, Norway.   
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: 
Nam 
Position 
Jarle Roth 
Chair 
Bård Vegar Solhjell 
Director 
Bjørn Erik Næss 
Director 
Maria Tallaksen 
Director 
Kristin Færøvik 
Director 
Halvor Kr. Halvorsen 
Employee-Elected Director 
Håkon Rustad 
Employee-Elected Director 
Hilde Veum-Wahlberg 
Employee-Elected Director 
 
Set out below are brief biographies of the members of the Company’s Board of Directors: 
 
Jarle Roth - Chair  
Jarle Roth is an independent adviser and professional director. Roth is a graduate of the Norwegian 
Business School (NHH) and has an extensive background from working as board chair and director 
at a multitude of companies. Roth is Chair of Equinor.s nominations committee and corporate 
assembly, as well as a director at Storebrand, Umoe Gruppen, Norfund and Frammuseet. 
Roth has previously served as CEO of Umoe Gruppen, Arendals Fossekompani, Export Credit Norway 
and Unitor. He has also served as a director at companies such as Kongsberg Gruppen, Ekornes, 
Norske Skog, Enova, Aibel, Glamox and Umoe Bioenergy. 
 
Bård Vegar Solhjell – Director 
Bård Vegar Solhjell is Director General of Norad (Norwegian Agency for Development Cooperation). 
He is Deputy Chair of the Fritt Ord (Free Word) foundation, and a member of the Arendalsuka main 
programme committee. Solhjell was previously a politician at the national level. He was Minister for 
the Environment, Minister of Education and Research, and State Secretary in Norwegian Prime 
Minister Jens Stoltenberg’s “Red-Green” coalition government. From 2009 to 2017, he was Member 
of Parliament for Akershus, and between 2007 and 2015 served as Deputy Leader of Norway’s 
Socialist Left Party.  
Solhjell is a regular columnist for two Norwegian newspapers, where he writes about the climate, 
energy, development and other social issues. He has published several books on key topical economic 
and political issues. Solhjell has a degree in Political Science from the University of Oslo. 
 
Bjørn Erik Næss – Director  
Bjørn Erik Næss is a professional director. Næss stepped down as CFO of DNB ASA on 1 March 2017, 
a position he had held for nine years. He was previously EVP and CFO of Aker Kværner ASA, and 
held similar positions at Orkla and Carlsberg (Denmark). 
He has gained extensive experience of management roles both in Norway and internationally over 
the past 25 years. Næss is a graduate of the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH) and has 
completed an executive programme at Darden Business School in the USA.

--- Page 18 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 18 of 36 
 
 
Maria Tallaksen – Director  
Maria Tallaksen was a partner at Altor Equity Partners until December 2023 - a company she had 
been with since 2007. Tallaksen has extensive experience in serving as a director in both Nordic and 
international companies and managing ownership positions. 
Tallaksen has also worked at Morgan Stanley and Norges Bank Investment Management. She holds 
a master’s degree in business administration from BI Norwegian Business School in Oslo.  
Kristin Færøvik – Director  
Kristin has broad board experience and was CEO of Lundin Energy Norway until December 2021. 
Today she sits as a board member in Kongsberg Gruppen ASA, Shearwater Geoservices AS, Bunker 
Holding, Edge Navigation AS and BlueNord ASA. 
 
Halvor Kr. Halvorsen – Employee-Elected Director  
Halvor Kr. Halvorsen joined E-CO Vannkraft AS in 2008. Halvorsen graduated with a degree in civil 
engineering from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) in 1989 and received 
an Executive MBA in Financial Management and Governance from the Norwegian School of Economics 
(NHH) in 2006. He is head of the Department of Watercourse Environment and Safety at Hafslund 
Kraft AS and general manager at the Association for the Regulation of Hallingdal Watercourse. He 
has previously worked at NVE and Asplan Viak. 
 
Håkon Rustad – Employee-Elected Director 
Håkon Rustad joined Eidsiva Vannkraft in 2006. Rustad has a Master’s degree in Energy and the 
Environment from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU) in Trondheim. He is 
currently responsible for the grid and also participates in the company’s offshore wind venture. 
Rustad has extensive experience of the physical management of power production, regulation of grid 
operations and development of hydro and wind power projects. Rustad is currently an employee 
representative for Tekna’s corporate group at Hafslund. 
 
Hilde Veum-Wahlberg – Employee-Elected Director 
Hilde Veum-Wahlberg joined Hafslund Oslo Celsio AS in 2019 and works as a consultant to 
administration and HR. 
She studied at the University of Stavanger Norwegian School of Hotel Management and worked in 
the tourism industry until 2019, the final 11 years having been spent at the Norwegian Hospitality 
Association. She is currently responsible for office operations and facility services at Celsio.

--- Page 19 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 19 of 36 
 
 
EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT: 
Name 
Position 
Finn Bjørn Ruyter 
CEO 
Berit Sande 
CFO 
Elise Horn 
EVP Corporate Development 
Toril Benum 
EVP Projects  
Martin Sleire Lundby 
MD Hafslund Celsio 
Kristin Lian 
MD Hafslund Kraft 
Knut Inderhaug 
MD Hafslund Vekst 
 Set out below are brief biographies of the members of the Company’s executive management: 
 
Finn Bjørn Ruyter - CEO 
 
Finn Bjørn Ruyter has been CEO of Hafslund since 2012. He was CFO of the company in 2010 and 
2011. From 2009 to 2010, he worked at the Filipino hydropower company SN Aboitiz Power. Between 
1999 and 2009, he headed the energy division of Elkem ASA, having previously led the power trading 
business since 1996. Between 1991 and 1996, he worked in oil and power trading at Norsk Hydro 
ASA. Ruyter holds a Master of Science (MSc) in Mechanical Engineering from the Norwegian 
University of Science and Technology (NTNU) and an MBA from BI Norwegian Business School. He is 
Chair of Renewables Norway and serves as a director at Equinor ASA and Cegal AS. 
 
Berit Sande – CFO 
Berit Sande took up the position as CFO in August 2022. She previously held the position of EVP 
Portfolio and Strategy at Norsk Hydro ASA, but also has experience from Hydro Energi. She has 
extensive experience from Boston Consulting Group (2006-2017), where her principal focus was on 
the energy industry and renewables. Sande holds a Master of Science (MSc) in Industrial Economics 
and Technology Management from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU). 
 
Elise Horn – EVP Corporate Development 
Elise Horn joined Hafslund’s Group management team in October 2022 and is head of strategy. 
Horn’s area of responsibility was expanded in the first quarter of 2023, and she is now EVP Group 
Development with responsibility for strategy, HR, sustainability and brand. Horn joined Hafslund in 
2018 and has since held several roles, such as adviser to the CEO, head of strategy and development 
for the power market and head of Group strategy. She has previously worked as a strategy consultant 
at Arkwright Consulting (2016-2018). Horn holds a Master of Science (MSc) in Industrial Economics 
from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU). She is Chair of Ung i Fornybar 
(Young People in Renewables). 
 
Toril Benum – EVP Projects 
Toril Benum took up the position of EVP Business Support and Development in September 2021. She 
was assigned a new area of responsibility during the first quarter of 2023 and is now responsible for 
projects in the Group management team. She was previously EVP New Energy. She was previously  
Project Director of the AMS Project at Hafslund Nett since May 2015 and Director of Projects and 
Development at Hafslund Nett since March 2017. She was previously CIO of Veidekke ASA 
(2010.2015), and also held several management positions at Aker Solutions. Benum holds a Master 
of Science (MSc) in Mechanical Engineering from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology 
(NTNU). She is a director at Eidsiva Energi AS

--- Page 20 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 20 of 36 
 
 
Martin Sleire Lundby –MD of Hafslund Celsio 
Martin S. Lundby took up the position of Managing Director of Hafslund Celsio on 1 September 2024. 
He was previously Managing Director of Hafslund Vekst and has held several leadership roles in the 
Group, including EVP Growth and Investments, EVP Development and Growth and acting CFO at 
Hafslund (2018-2019). He was also previously Head of Finance and Investor Relations (2016-2018) 
and Business Developer focusing on M&A and strategy (2013-2015) at Hafslund ASA. He also worked 
as a Transaction Adviser at EY (2011-2013). Lundby holds an MSc in Industrial Economics and 
Technology Management from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU). 
 
Kristin Lian – MD of Hafslund Kraft 
Kristin Lian took up the positions of EVP Hydropower and Managing Director of Hafslund Kraft in 
September 2021. From 2019 to 2021, she was Managing Director of Elvia. Lian has a Master of 
Science (MSc) in Mechanical Engineering from the Norwegian University of Science and Technology 
(NTNU) and has been working in the energy industry since 1999. She has held various management 
positions at Hafslund Nett for 20 years, and was EVP and Managing Director of the company from 
2013 to 2019. She is Chair of BKK AS and director of Arva AS. 
 
Knut Inderhaug – MD of Hafslund Vekst 
Knut Inderhaug took over as Managing Director of Hafslund Vekst in summer 2024. He had previously 
been Managing Director of Hafslund Celsio since October 2021. Inderhaug has previously held various 
management positions at Fortum and Hafslund, where he was first employed in 2010. He holds a 
degree in Business Administration from Sør-Trøndelag University College.  
 
RISK AND AUDIT COMMITTEE 
The Board’s Risk and Audit Committee assists the Board with the preparation of the financial 
statements and internal control. The Committee consists of Bjørn Erik Næss (chair) and Maria 
Tallaksen. The Risk and Audit Committee satisfies the requirement that at least one member must 
be independent of the Group’s operations and have an accounting or auditing qualification. 
 
 
ORGANISATIONAL AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE  
The Board’s Organisational and Compensation Committee prepares matters for review by the Board 
and resolutions on compensation and organisation. The members of the Compensation Board in 2024 
were Jarle Roth (chair), Bård Vegar Solhjell, and Håkon Rustad. 
 
CONFLICT OF INTEREST 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Company of the persons referred 
to in this section and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 21 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 21 of 36 
 
 
8. Major shareholders 
The Company’s share capital is NOK 110,000,000, divided into 100,000 shares, each with a nominal 
value of NOK 1,100. 
 
Hafslund AS is directly owned by the City of Oslo holding 100% of the shares. There are no measures 
in place to ensure that such control is not abused, and there are no arrangements, known to the 
Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change of control of the 
Company.

--- Page 22 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 22 of 36 
 
 
9. Financial information  
The consolidated financial statements of Hafslund AS have been prepared in accordance with the 
IFRS(®) Accounting Standardsas adopted by the EU, and additional requirements pursuant to the 
Norwegian Accounting Act. The financial statements of the parent are prepared in accordance with 
the Norwegian Accounting Act and Norwegian generally accepted accounting principles. 
The financial information of Hafslund AS is incorporated by reference. Please see the cross reference 
list in section 12 in this Base Prospectus: 
 
Hafslund AS: 
 
Consolidated 
Consolidated 
 
 
2022 
2023 
  
 
audited 
audited 
Income statement 
 
Page 4 
Page 4 
Balance sheet 
 
Page 5 
Page 5 
Cash flow statement 
 
Page 6 
Page 6 
Notes 
 
Page 9 – 83 
Page 9 – 83 
Accounting principles 
 
 Page 9 
Page 9 
Auditors report 
 
Page 106 – 108 Page 106 - 108 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Parent 
Parent 
 
 
Income statement 
 
Page 85 
Page 85 
 
 
Balance sheet 
 
Page 86 
Page 86 
 
 
Cash flow statement 
 
Page 87 
Page 87 
 
 
Notes 
 
Page 89 - 104 
Page 89 - 103  
 
 
Accounting principles 
 
Page 89 
Page 89 
 
 
Auditors report 
 
Page 106 - 108 Page 106 - 108 
 
 
 
2022: Hafslund_2022 
2023: Hafslund_2023 
 
 
The Issuer’s financial statements for the years edited 31 December 2023 and 2022 have been 
audited.   
 
OTHER STATEMENTS  
Financial statements 
 
There are no significant changes in the financial position of the Group which may have occurred since 
the end of the last financial period for which either audited financial information or interim financial 
information have been published. 
Trend information 
 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since the date of its 
last published audited financial statements or any significant change in the financial performance of 
the Group since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published 
to the date of the Base Prospectus. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Company are aware), during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects on the 
Company and/or Group's financial position or profitability.

--- Page 23 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 23 of 36 
 
 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary course of the Company’s 
business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Company’s ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect of the securities 
being issued.

--- Page 24 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 24 of 36 
 
 
10. Documents on display 
For the term of the Base Prospectus the following documents, where applicable, may be inspected: 
 
• 
the up-to-date memorandum and articles of association of the Company;  
 
 
• 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any 
expert at the Company’s request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base 
Prospectus. 
 
The documents may be inspected at the Company’s website: hafslund.no or at the Company’s 
business address during normal business hours from Monday to Friday each week (except public 
holidays).

--- Page 25 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 25 of 36 
 
 
11. Financial instruments that can be issued under the 
Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, 
allows for Bonds to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or 
operating within any EEA country.   
This chapter describes the types of financial instruments that can be linked to this Base Prospectus. 
A 
Bond 
is 
a 
financial 
instrument 
as 
defined 
in 
Norwegian 
Securities 
Trading 
Act’s 
(Verdipapirhandelloven) § 2-2.  
 
11.1 
SECURITY TYPE 
Bonds are debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the applicable Bond Terms, including 
any Additional Bonds. 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the central securities depository 
(CSD).  Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
11.2 
SUMMARY OF THE BONDS TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
11.2.1 Bond Terms and Legislation 
The Bond Terms will be entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms 
regulates the Bondholder’s rights and obligations in relations to the issue. The Bond Trustee enters 
into the Bond Terms  on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the 
Bondholders to the extent provided for in the Bond Terms. 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders 
are bound by the Bond Terms, , and any other Finance Document, without any further action required 
to be taken or formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or 
any other party. 
 
Information regarding bondholders, bondholders’ meeting and the Bondholder’s right to vote are 
described in the Bond Terms.. Information regarding the role of the Bond Trustee will be described 
in the Bond. 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and will be available through 
the Issuer's website: www.hafslund.no.  
The Issuer is subject to the laws of Norway. The Bond Terms and the Bonds shall be governed by 
and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. 
 
 
11.2.2 Outstanding bonds 
The bond issues may either be an open bond issue or closed for increasing the outstanding amount.  
Outstanding Bonds means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. The Initial Bond Issue 
and Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
If Maximum Issue Amount is applicable the Issuer may subsequently issue Additional Bonds on one 
or more occasions (each a “Tap Issue”) until the Nominal Amount of all Additional Bonds plus the 
Initial Bond Issue equals in aggregate the Maximum Issue Amount. The Issuer may, upon written 
confirmation from the Bond Trustee, increase the Maximum Issue Amount. Tap Issues must take

--- Page 26 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 26 of 36 
 
 
place no later than five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. 
  
 
11.2.3 Payments in respect of the Bonds 
On the Repayment Date the Issuer shall settle the Outstanding Bonds at a price equal to the 
Redemption Price, unless otherwise stated in the Bond Terms, to the Bondholders. The Repayment 
Date will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds (Call). The terms for early redemption 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bondholders may also have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the 
Bonds held by that Bondholder (Put). The specific terms will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bonds will either be fixed rate bonds or floating rate bonds. On each Interest Payment Date the 
Issuer shall in arrears pay the accrued Interest Rate amount to the Bondholders. The specific terms 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder by the Paying Agent. Claims 
for interest and principal shall be time barred pursuant to the rules of the Norwegian Act relating to 
the Limitation Period Claims of May 18 1979 no 18,  such limitation periods currently being3 years 
for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
11.2.4 Bonds with fixed rate 
Bonds with a fixed interest rate shall bear interest at the percentage (%) set out in the Final Terms. 
The Outstanding Bonds will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the aggregate Nominal Amount 
for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period (or the 
Issue Date, for the first Interest Period), and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest 
Period. An Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.  
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days 
each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), 
unless: 
i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or   
ii) 
the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.5 Bonds with floating rate 
Bonds with floating rate shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate + Margin 
as set out in the Final Terms. If the Interest Rate becomes negative, the Interest Rate shall be 
deemed to be zero.  
The Outstanding Bonds will accrue interest at the Interest Rate on the aggregate Nominal Amount 
for each Interest Period, commencing on and including the first date of the Interest Period (or the 
Issue Date, for the first Interest Period), and ending on but excluding the last date of the Interest 
Period. The Interest Rate shall be adjusted by the Bond Trustee on each Interest Quotation Date 
during the term of the Bonds. An Interest Period shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date.

--- Page 27 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 27 of 36 
 
 
Interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect 
of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-days basis). 
The Reference Rate, Margin, Interest Period and the current Interest Rate will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
 
 
 11.2.6 Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will use the net proceeds from the issuance of the Bonds for its general corporate 
purposes. The Issuer may also use the net proceeds for other purposes.  
The specific use of proceeds including the net proceeds from the issue will be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
The Issuer may issue “Green Bonds”. If so, the proceeds from the bond issue shall be used in 
accordance with the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework that will be available through the Issuer's 
website: www.hafslund.no. The specific link will be published in the applicable Final Terms together 
with the second-party opinion. The second-party opinion is provided by S&P Global Ratings (S&P) 
and includes S&P’s opinion on the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework alignment with the ICMA Green 
Bond Principles (“ICMA GBPs”) and the LMA Green Loan Principles (“LMAGLPs”).  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Green Bond Framework and the second-party opinion are 
available here:  
https://s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/hafslundeco/images/Hafslund-Green-Finance-Framework-
January-2024-final_updated-logo.pdf 
https://s3.eu-north-1.amazonaws.com/hafslundeco/images/Hafslund-Final-Public-SPO.pdf 
The Issuer will annually publish an allocation and impact report as long as there are Green Finance 
Instruments outstanding or until full allocation. 
  
11.2.7 Status 
 Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final terms, the Issuer’s payment obligations under the 
Bonds shall rank ahead of all Own Funds and the Bond shall rank pari passu between themselves 
and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which 
are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application).  
If other statuses, it will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
11.2.8 Security and Special Conditions 
The Bonds may either be unsecured or secured. The details of any security will be described in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
Information on any special conditions applicable to the  Bonds will be described in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
 
 
11.2.9 Approvals 
The specific Bond issues will be subject to approval by the Issuer's Board. The date of the decision 
will be stated in the Final Terms. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by Finanstilsynet, as the competent authority in accordance 
with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129. 
The applicable Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet – prospekter@finanstilsynet.no - for 
information in connection with an application for listing of a new Bond issue or a Tap Issue in an

--- Page 28 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 28 of 36 
 
 
already listed Bond.  
 
 
11.2.10 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including a template for the Final Terms is NOK 120 000. 
In addition, there will be a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list 
of the Exchange. The listing fees will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Any public fees payable in connection with the Bond Terms and fulfilling of the obligations pursuant 
to the Bond Terms shall be covered by the Issuer. The Issuer is not responsible for reimbursing any 
public fees levied on the trading of Bonds. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding 
tax imposed by relevant law. At the date of this Base Prospectus, there is no withholding tax on 
bonds in Norway.  
The tax legislation of the investor’s member state and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may 
have an impact on the income received from the securities.  
 
11.2.11 Rating  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the issuer has been rated A- (stable outlook) by S&P and A- 
(positive outlook) by Scope. S&P has assigned the Issuer’s senior unsecured debt a rating of A-.  
Scope has assigned the Issuer’s senior unsecured debt a rating of A- and the Issuer’s short-term 
debt a rating of S-1.  
Credit Ratings at the A level reflect an opinion of strong credit quality, whereas credit ratings at the 
S-1 level reflect an opinion of very low credit risk with high capacity to repay short-term obligations. 
Credit Ratings are expressed with symbols from AAA, which reflect an opinion of exceptionally strong 
credit quality to D/SD, which reflect a default situation with average to low or no recoveries. A Credit 
Rating can be accompanied by a Credit Rating Outlook, which can be Stable, Positive or Negative. 
The Positive and Negative Outlooks normally refer to a period of 6-24 months. These Outlooks 
provide an indication of the most likely direction of a potential rating change. The ‘+’ and ‘-‘ signs 
express whether the rating is positioned at the high or low end of the category. A ‘+’ indicates the 
credit quality as being in the upper range of the rating category, whilst a ‘-‘ indicates the credit 
quality as being in the lower range of the rating category. The absence of such signs indicates the 
credit quality as being in the mid-range of the rating category.  
S&P is established in the EEA and Scope is established in the European Union. Each of S&P and Scope 
is registered as a credit rating agency under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA 
Regulation") and are included on the list of registered credit rating agencies published on ESMA 
website: https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk2. A credit rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the relevant 
credit rating agency at any time. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus

--- Page 29 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 29 of 36 
 
 
 
11.3 
DEFINITIONS 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other 
definitions relevant for the Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents 
the correct understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
The Bond Terms shall also prevail in the event of conflict or inconsistency between the definitions set 
out in the Bond terms and the definitions set out in the Final terms.    
Additional Bonds: 
Means any debt instruments issued under a Tap Issue, including any 
Temporary Bonds.  
Bond Terms: 
The Bond Terms including any attachments hereto, and any 
subsequent amendments and additions agreed between the parties 
hereto. 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms.  
Bond Trustee: 
The company designated as such in the preamble to the Bond Terms, 
or any successor, acting for and on behalf of the Bondholders in 
accordance with the Bond Terms.  
The Bond Trustee, being Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 
0116 Oslo. 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner 
or nominee holder of a Bond, subject however to the Clause for 
Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
Bondholders’ Meeting: 
Meeting of Bondholders as set forth in the Clause Bondholders’ 
Decisions in the Bond Terms. 
Bonds: 
The debt instruments issued by the Issuer on the Issue Date 
pursuant to the Bond Terms, including any Additional Bonds, and 
any overdue and unpaid principal which has been issued under a 
separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of the CSD from 
time to time. 
Business Day: 
Any day on which the CSD settlement system is open and the 
relevant currency settlement system is open. 
Business Day Convention: 
Means that: 
a) 
If Modified Following Business Day is specified (FRN), the 
Interest Period will be extended to include the first following 
Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened 
to the first preceding Business Day.  
b) 
If No Adjustment is specified (Fixed Rate), no adjustment 
will be made to the Interest Period. 
 
Business Day Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
Calculation Agent: 
For Bonds with a Bond Trustee, the Bond Trustee will be the 
Calculation Agent. 
The Calculation Agent will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 30 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 30 of 36 
 
 
Call: 
The Issuer may have the option to early redeem the Bonds.  
 
Exercise of Call shall be notified by the Issuer to the Bond Trustee 
at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the relevant Repayment 
Date. Partial exercise of Call shall be carried out pro rata between 
the Bonds (according to the procedures in the CSD). 
The terms for early redemption will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
CSD: 
The central securities depository in which the Bonds are registered. 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following 
Securities Depository will be used: Norwegian Central Securities 
Depository: Euronext Securities Oslo (“Verdipapirsentralen” or 
“VPS”), P.O. Box 1174, 0107 Oslo. 
Currency: 
The currency in which the Bond is denominated. 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Day Count Convention: 
The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) 
If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of 
a 360-day year comprised of twelve months of 30 days each 
and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number of 
days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless:  
(i) 
the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st 
calendar day and the first day of that Interest Period is a 
day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in 
which case the month that includes that last day shall not 
be shortened to a 30–day month; or  
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last 
calendar day in February, in which case February shall 
not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
b) 
If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
Day Count Convention will be specified in the Final Terms.  
Exchange: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Interpretation 
and Main terms of the Bonds in the Bond Terms, setting out the 
exchange or other recognized marketplace for securities, on which 
the Issuer has, or has applied for, listing of the Bonds. 
The relevant Exchange, if any, will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated in percentage (%). 
FRN: 
Means if the Interest Rate is stated as Reference Rate + Margin. 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
Interest Period: 
Means, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, the periods set out in the Clause Main terms of the

--- Page 31 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 31 of 36 
 
 
Bonds in the Bond Terms, provided however that an Interest Period 
shall not extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Period will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage (%). 
b) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal 
to the Reference Rate + Margin. If the Interest Rate becomes 
negative, the Interest Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
The Interest Rate will be specified in the Final Terms.  
Interest Payment Date: 
Means the last day of each Interest Period. 
Interest Quotation Date: 
Means, in relation to any period for which an Interest Rate is to be 
determined, the day falling two (2) Business Days before the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. 
If other Interest Quotation Date, it will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond. 
ISIN will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Issue Date: 
The date of the Bond Issue. 
Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms.  
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Initial Nominal Amount to be paid by 
the Bondholders at the applicable Issue Date. 
Issue Price will be specified in the Final Terms.  
Issuer: 
Hafslund AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with 
registration 
number 
920 
596 
509 
and 
LEI-code 
549300UAIWLC88DDWH20. 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Bonds owned by the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence 
over the Issuer, or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive 
influence.   
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier, a unique 20-character code that identifies 
legal entities that engage in financial transactions. 
Listing: 
Listing of Bonds takes place on the basis of this Base Prospectus, 
any supplement(s) to this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For Bonds that will be applied for listing on Oslo Børs, listing will take 
place no earlier than the day after the first Issue Date. Applications 
for admission to trading shall apply to all bonds belonging to the 
same issue. In the event of a tap issue, the tap issue will 
automatically be admitted to trading as soon as Oslo Børs is informed 
of the change in outstanding volume or on the first business day in 
the next month.  
Bonds listed on Oslo Børs are freely negotiable. 
Manager(s):  
Manager(s) of Bond issues.

--- Page 32 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 32 of 36 
 
 
The Manager(s) will be specified in the Final Terms.  
Margin: 
Means, if FRN, the margin of the Interest Rate. The provisions 
regarding Margin do not apply for Fixed Rate. 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
Market Making:  
For bonds listed on Oslo Børs or other Exchanges, a market making 
agreement may be entered into The Issuer may enter into market 
maker agreements with any trader, pursuant to which the trader, 
subject to the terms of such agreements, shall make specific efforts 
to establish and develop a secondary market for the Bonds. Traders 
acting as market makers shall, subject to the terms of such 
agreements, buy and sell the Bonds in the secondary market and 
make bids and offers for the Bonds.  
Agreement on market making will be stated in the Final Terms. 
Maturity Date:  
Means the date set out in the Clause Main terms of the Bonds in the 
Bond Terms, adjusted according to the Business Day Convention. 
The Maturity Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
NA: 
Means that the provision to which NA is designated is not applicable. 
NIBOR: 
Means, for FRN, the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate, being  
a) 
the interest rate fixed for a period comparable to the 
relevant Interest Period published by Global Rate Set 
Systems (GRSS) at approximately 12.00 (Oslo time) on the 
Interest Quotation Date; or  
b) 
if paragraph a) above is not available for the relevant 
Interest Period; 
(i) 
the linear interpolation between the two closest 
relevant interest periods, and with the same number of 
decimals, quoted under paragraph a) above; or 
(ii) 
another rate for deposits in the relevant currency for 
the relevant Interest Period as supplied; or 
c) 
if the interest rate under paragraph a) is no longer available, 
the interest rate will be set by the Bond Trustee in 
consultation with the Issuer to: 
(i) 
any relevant replacement reference rate generally 
accepted in the market; or  
(ii) 
such interest rate that best reflects the interest rate for 
deposits in NOK offered for the relevant Interest Period. 
 
Information about the past and the future performance of the NIBOR 
and 
its 
volatility 
can 
be 
obtained 
at: 
https://nore-
benchmarks.com/about-nibor/nibor-data/rates/    
Access to the NIBOR rates and monthly statistics is restricted to 
authenticated users. Redistribution or commercial exploitation of the 
NIBOR data is prohibited. You will require a subscription or register 
for an account.

--- Page 33 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 33 of 36 
 
 
If Reference Rates other than NIBOR is specified in the Final Terms 
or the definition of NIBOR is changed, then the applicable Reference 
Rate, the relevant screen page, the specified time, information about 
the and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and 
any fallback provisions will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Nominal Amount: 
Means the nominal value of each Bond at any time, and the Initial 
Nominal Amount means the nominal value of each Bond on the Issue 
Date. The Nominal Amount may be amended pursuant to the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Initial Nominal Amount will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
Paying Agent: 
The legal entity appointed by the Issuer to act as its paying agent 
with respect to the Bonds in the CSD.  
The Paying Agent will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Payment Date: 
Means any Interest Payment Date or any Repayment Date.  
Put: 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer 
purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that Bondholder. 
If exercising a Put, the Issuer shall at the relevant date indicated 
under Put pay to the Bondholders the Nominal Amount of the Bonds 
to be redeemed multiplied by the relevant price on the redeemed 
Bonds. 
The specific Put terms will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage in respect of each Bond the 
Nominal Amount to which the bond issue is to be redeemed at the 
Maturity Date. 
Redemption Price will be specified in the Final Terms.  
Reference Rate: 
For FRN bonds the Reference Rate will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If NA is specified, Reference Rate does not apply. 
Repayment Date: 
Means any date for payment of instalments, payment of any Call or 
the Maturity Date, or any other days of repayments of Bonds.  The 
Repayments dates will be specified in the Final Terms.   
Tap Issue: 
Shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Clause Tap 
Issues in the Bond Terms. If NA is specified in respect of Maximum 
Issue Amount no Tap Issues may be made under the Bond Terms. 
Otherwise, Tap Issues shall be allowed on the terms set out in the 
Clause Tap Issues in the Bond Terms. 
Maximum Issue Amount will be specified in the Final Terms. 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement 
for a supplement to the Base Prospectus in order for the Additional 
Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the Additional Bonds 
may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of 
the supplement, will be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued 
on the initial Issue Date. The Bond Terms governs such Temporary

--- Page 34 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 34 of 36 
 
 
Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the Exchange and 
the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
Yield: 
Depending on the market rate for bonds with floating interest rates. 
The Yield for the applicable interest period can be determined when 
the interest rate is known. 
For bonds with a fixed interest rate, the Yield is determined based 
on the bond interest rate and the number of Interest Payment Dates. 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til 
Konvensjoner for det norske sertifikat- og obligasjonsmarkedet»  
https://finansfag.no/publikasjoner/3 
prepared 
by 
Norske 
Finansanalytikeres Forening in March 2022. 
Yield will be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
11.4 
FINAL TERMS 
 
A template for the Final Terms is attached to this Base Prospectus - see appendix 1. 
 
 
 
 
3 Disclaimer - the information on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus unless information is incorporated by reference into the Base 
Prospectus

--- Page 35 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 35 of 36 
 
 
12. Cross reference list 
In section 9 of this Base Prospectus, the financial information is incorporated by reference to the 
following: 
• 
Information concerning the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2022is incorporated by reference from the Company’s Annual Report 2022.  
• 
Information concerning the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 
31 December 2023 is incorporated by reference from the Company’s Annual Report 2023. 
 
The Company’s consolidated financial statements are available at: 
2022: Hafslund_2022 
2023: Hafslund_2023

--- Page 36 ---
Hafslund AS                                                                                                             04.02.2025 
 
Base Prospectus 
Page 36 of 36 
 
 
13. Appendix 
  
• 
Final Terms template

--- Page 37 ---
Hafslund AS – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
 
 
[Name of the bond] 
  
ISIN [●]

--- Page 38 ---
Hafslund AS – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
2 
 
 
These Final Terms have been prepared in according to Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Final Terms 
together with the Base Prospectus for Hafslund AS dated 04.02.2025 and any supplements to the 
Base Prospectus constitute a Prospectus for [ISIN] - [Loan name]. The Prospectus contains complete 
information about the Issuer and the Bonds. The Base Prospectus, any supplements and the Final 
Terms are/will be available on the Issuer's website: www.hafslund.no

--- Page 39 ---
Hafslund AS – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
3 
 
 
1. INFORMATION CONCERNING THE SECURITIES 
 
 
Main terms of the Bonds: 
 
ISIN:   
 
 
[ISIN]. 
 
The Bonds/The Bond Issue:  
[Name of the bond]. 
 
Issuer: 
Hafslund AS, a company existing under the laws of Norway with 
registration 
number 
920 
596 
509 
and 
LEI-code 
549300UAIWLC88DDWH20.  
 
Security Type:  
[Unsecured/Secured] [Open] [Green] Bond Issue with 
[fixed/floating] rate. 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1.  
 
Maximum Issue Amount: 
[Currency] [Maximum Issue Amount/ NA]. 
 
Initial Bond Issue  
/ [x. Tranche]:  
 
[Currency] [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. Tranche]. 
 
Outstanding Amount:  
[Currency] [Total outstanding amount]. 
 
Initial Nominal Amount: 
[Currency] [Initial Nominal Amount] – each and among themselves 
pari passu ranking. 
Nominal Amount as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Price: 
[Issue Price] % (par value). 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Issue Date: 
  
 
[Issue Date [Initial Bond Issue / [●]. tranche]]. 
 
Redemption Price: 
[Redemption Price] % 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Maturity Date:  
 
[Maturity Date]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
Interest rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from:   
[Issue Date] / [Other: specify].    
 
Interest Rate:   
 
[FRN: Reference Rate + Margin 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: [●]% p.a 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Reference Rate: 
[FRN: NIBOR as defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3  
/ Other: specify.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]

--- Page 40 ---
Hafslund AS – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
4 
 
 
 
Margin:  
 
 
[FRN: [●]% p.a 
 
 
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] 
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
  
Current Interest: 
 
[●]%  
  
Interest Period:  
[FRN: The period between [date], [date], [date] and [date] each 
year.]  
[Fixed Rate: [date(s)] each year] 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
  
Interest Quotation Date:  
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]  
[Fixed Rate: NA]. 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[FRN: Actual/360.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: 30/360.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
  
Business Day Convention: 
[FRN: Modified Following Business Day.]  
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.5 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
[Fixed Rate: No Adjustment.] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.4 and defined in section 
11.3.] 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
Yield:   
 
 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
[FRN: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: specify] 
 
The Bonds purpose, status, security and special conditions:  
 
Use of proceeds: 
[Insert “Use of proceeds” including net proceeds in amount] 
 
 
 
Status: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.7.] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Security and any  
special conditions: 
[Insert the level of the bonds “security” including any definitions 
defining the security, and any “Special conditions” including any 
definitions defining the conditions] 
 
Redemption: 
 
Maturity: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Redemption: 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3.]

--- Page 41 ---
Hafslund AS – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
5 
 
 
 
Call/Put: 
[NA] / [As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.3. and defined 
in section 11.3] 
[Terms of the Call/Put] 
 
[Other: specify] 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing/Exchange: 
[Oslo Børs.] / 
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Market Making: 
[There is no market-making agreement entered into in connection 
with the Bond issue.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.] 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the Bonds: 
[There are no restrictions on the free transferability of the Bonds.] /  
[Other: specify] 
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.1. and defined under 
«Listing» in section 11.3] 
 
Other information: 
 
Approvals: 
[The Bonds were issued in accordance with the Issuers Board 
approval [date].] 
[Other: specify] 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.9. 
 
 
Bond Terms:  
[As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 
section 11.3.] 
[The Bond Terms is attached to this Final Terms.] 
Information regarding bondholders, bondholders’ meeting and the 
Bondholder’s right to vote are described in the Bond Terms [clause 6 
and clause 7] / [Other: specify] 
 
Documentation: 
Availability of the Documentation: www.hafslund.no   
 
Bond Trustee: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1 and defined in 11.3. 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[FRN: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3] /  
[Other: specify]  
[Fixed Rate: NA] 
 
Manager(s): 
[Insert name and address of the manager]  
 
Paying Agent: 
[Insert name and address of the paying agent]. 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3. 
 
 
 
CSD: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 11.3.]. 
[Other: specify] 
 
Legislation under which the  
Bonds have been created: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.1.

--- Page 42 ---
Hafslund AS – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
6 
 
 
 
Fees, Expenses and Tax  
legislation: 
 
 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.10. 
  
[Specify the issuers cost in relation to the issue/listing].

--- Page 43 ---
Hafslund AS – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
7 
 
 
2. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
Rating 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 11.2.11. 
 
[If other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests 
that are material to the Bond Issue 
/ Other: Specify the interest including any conflicting interest in the issue.] 
 
Manager for the issuance 
Hafslund AS has mandated [Manager(s)] as Manager[s] for the issuance of the Bonds. The 
Manager[s] has acted as advisor to Hafslund AS in relation to the pricing of the Bonds.    
 
The Manager[s] and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees 
may be a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this 
Final Terms and may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to 
such instruments. The Manager[s] corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager 
for this Issuer in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly 
known.

--- Page 44 ---
Hafslund AS – [xx.xx.20xx] 
 
Final Terms 
 
  
8 
 
 
3. APPENDIX 
 
• 
Bond Terms 
• 
[Tap Issue Addendum x.Tranche ] 
• 
[any other documents if applicable or relevant]