--- Page 1 ---
1 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
HARP Issuer plc 
a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland with its registered office at 2nd Floor, Block 
5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Dublin D01 P767, Ireland 
with registration number 661148) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 6354004X7YVOLLD4FR65
SERIES 33 
Up to EUR 750,000,000 Actively Managed Securities linked to a portfolio managed by Algebris (UK) 
Limited due 2028  
UBS AG, London Branch
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 October 2021

--- Page 2 ---
2 
This Base Prospectus (as used herein, this “Base Prospectus”) is prepared in connection the issue of one 
or more tranches (“Tranches”) of up to EUR 750,000,000 Actively Managed Securities linked to a portfolio 
managed by Algebris (UK) Limited due 2028 (the “Securities”) under the EUR 10,000,000,000 Secured 
Issuance Programme (the “Programme”) of HARP Issuer PLC (the “Issuer”). This Base Prospectus 
constitutes a “base prospectus” for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below).   
Save where the context otherwise requires, terms defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
(being the General Terms and Conditions and the Participation Securities Conditions as set out in the 
Schedule to this Base Prospectus and as modified by the Issue Terms) or defined in the Master Definitions 
have the same meaning when used throughout this Base Prospectus. The Terms and Conditions will, in 
respect of each Tranche, be completed by (and should be read in conjunction with) the Final Terms (in the 
case of Non-exempt Offers) or the Pricing Terms (in the case of Exempt Offers) in respect of suchTranche. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination 
of the provisions set out within this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms or Pricing Terms, as the case may 
be. 
To the extent that that information in this Base Prospectus may apply to Non-exempt Offers and Exempt 
Offers interchangeably, reference to the “Final Terms” shall be understood to include reference to the “Pricing 
Terms” with respect to each Tranche of the Securities. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only 
approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to the Securities which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments (as amended, “MiFID II”) and/or which are 
to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Securities that are subject 
of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Securities. This document comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application will be made to the Vienna Stock Exchange (the “Vienna SE”) for the Securities to be listed or 
admitted to trading on the multilateral trading facility operated by Wiener Borse AG (the “Vienna MTF”). The 
Vienna MTF is not a regulated market for the purpose of MiFID II. No assurance can be given that such 
application will be approved. Application may also be made for the Securities to be listed or admitted to 
trading on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets, as determined by the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared for the purpose of the offering of the Securities in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations and as further described in the section entitled “Subscription and Sale” in this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and makes no omission likely to affect its import. For the information set forth in the sections of this Base 
Prospectus headed “Information relating to the Portfolio Manager” the Issuer has relied on information provided 
by the Portfolio Manager.  
The Portfolio Manager accepts responsibility for the information contained in the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed “Information Relating to the Portfolio Manager”. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Portfolio Manager, the information contained in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Information 
Relating to the Portfolio Manager” is in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely to affect its 
import. Except for information contained in the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Information Relating 
to the Portfolio Manager”, the Portfolio Manager does not accept any responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of any information contained in this Base Prospectus. The delivery of this Base Prospectus at 
any time does not imply that the information herein is correct at any time subsequent to the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (as defined above) only applies to 
Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public 
in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under the Prospectus Regulation (a 
“Non-Exempt Offer”). References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Offer" are to offers of Securities for 
which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation or equivalent laws in the

--- Page 3 ---
3 
relevant jurisdiction where an offer of the Securities is made. The Issuer will make offers of Securities by way 
of both Non-Exempt Offer and Exempt Offer. With respect to any offers of the Securities by way of an Exempt 
Offer, any such offer of Securities shall be addressed to investors in compliance with applicable private 
placement exemptions in the relevant jurisdiction. The Central Bank has neither approved, nor reviewed 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Offers and any such Exempt Offer 
is not subject to the Prospectus Regulation and the Central Bank of Ireland approval. 
The Issuer has requested that the Central Bank provides a certificate of approval in accordance with Article 
25 of the Prospectus Regulation (a “passport”) in relation to the passporting of this Prospectus to the 
competent authorities in Germany,  Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, and Netherlands  (together with the Republic 
of Ireland, each, a “Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction”).  
The Securities are publicly offered in Switzerland. This Base Prospectus will be included as a foreign 
prospectus (being, in this case, a prospectus approved by the Central Bank as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation), which is deemed approved in Switzerland pursuant to article 54 para. 2 of the 
Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services (“FinSA”), by SIX Exchange Regulation Ltd. as reviewing body in 
the list of approved prospectuses and deposited with it and published pursuant to article 64 of FinSA. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute, and may not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation 
by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it 
is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation, and no action is being taken to permit an offering of the Securities 
or the distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
Any person making or intending to make a Non-Exempt Offer of Securities on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus must do so only with our consent as described below and must state on its own website that it is 
using the Base Prospectus with the consent described below and the conditions attached thereto. In the 
context of any Non-Exempt  Offer  of  Securities,  we  accept  responsibility, in each Non-Exempt  Offer 
Jurisdiction, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who purchases 
any Securities in a Non-Exempt Offer made by an “Authorised Offeror” (as defined below), where that offer 
is made during the Offer Period (as defined in the Issue Terms). 
Except in the circumstances described below, we have not authorised the making of any offer by any offeror 
and we have not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any 
offer of the Securities in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without our consent is unauthorised and neither we 
nor, for the avoidance of doubt, the Arranger accepts any  responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or 
for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. 
If, in the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Securities by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with such person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Non-Exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor is 
in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents, the 
Investor should take legal advice. 
We consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) in 
connection with any Non-Exempt Offer of Securities in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions and in Switzerland 
during the Offer Period specified in the Issue Terms by or to each of the following financial intermediaries 
(each, an “Authorised Offeror”): UBS Europe SE, UBS Switzerland AG or any distributors appointed in 
connection with the offering, selling or recommending of the Securities.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer shall be provided to such Investor by that 
Authorised Offeror at the time the offer is made.
An Authorised Offeror using this Base Prospectus is required to publish on its website that it uses 
this Base Prospectus in accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the conditions attached 
thereto. 
The consent referred to above relates to an Offer Period occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, 
material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
A key information document (“KID”) pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 has been prepared by the 
Issuer in connection with the Securities. If you have not received a copy of the KID you should request this 
from a Distributor prior to making any investment decision in relation to the Securities. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. However, a KID pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 has been prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Securities. If you have not received a copy of the KID you should request this from the 
Distributors prior to making any investment decision in relation to the Securities. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Securities is (x) eligible counterparties and professional clients and (y) subject to suitability and 
appropriateness assessment, retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Securities to retail clients are appropriate: 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities, including with respect to any retail 
clients (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable.
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
For as long as the Securities are outstanding, copies of the following documents will be available for 
inspection free of charge during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public 
holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Registrar:  
(i) 
this Base Prospectus  
(ii) 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer;  
(iii) 
the Master Trust Terms; and 
(iv) 
the Master Definitions.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
The financial year of the Issuer begins on 1 January of each year and ends on 31 December of the same 
year, save that the first financial year started on the date of incorporation of the Issuer, being 21 November 
2019 and ended on 31 December 2020.  
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
The Trustee acts as trustee in relation to the Securities on the terms of the Master Trust Terms and the 
Constituting Instrument applicable to the Securities. The security granted by the Issuer in respect of the 
Securities is granted in favour of the Trustee who holds such security on trust for the Counterparty and 
Securityholders, amongst others, in accordance with the Master Trust Terms and the terms hereof, including 
the order of priorities specified herein. The Trustee is entitled to exercise certain powers, trusts, authorities 
and discretions in accordance with the Master Trust Terms and the terms hereof. 
Any reference to websites in this Base Prospectus is for information purposes only and such websites shall 
not form part of this document. 
The Issuer has not made any investigation with regards to the accuracy and completeness of any information 
relating to the Portfolio Manager in this Base Prospectus, including under the section headed “Information 
Related to the Portfolio Manager” where such information was provided to the Issuer by the Portfolio Manager 
(the "Third Party Information"). This information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer 
is aware and is able to ascertain from information provided by the Portfolio Manager, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. Prospective investors in 
the Securities should not rely upon, and should make their own independent investigations and enquires in 
respect of, the accuracy and completeness of the Third Party Information. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Securities in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. In particular, no action has been or will be taken by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee 
or any Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates (save as specified in the Issue Terms) which is intended 
to permit a public offering of the Securities or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where 
action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, the Securities may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any Applicable 
Laws. None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) or the Trustee represents that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Securities may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. Persons into whose possession 
this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer(s) and the Trustee to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restriction. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Portfolio 
Manager nor any of its affiliates assumes any responsibility or any obligation or makes any representation 
with respect to the offering or distribution of the Securities or the distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
circumstances.  
In this Base Prospectus we may refer to current and prospective investors in the Securities as “you” and 
“your”. Unless otherwise indicated, references to “we”, “our” and “us” refer to the Issuer only.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Particular attention is drawn to the section of the Base Prospectus titled “Risk Factors” as set out in 
pages 9 to 42 of the Base Prospectus. 
The Securities have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Securities may not be offered, sold or otherwise 
transferred at any time within the United States or to the account of any US Person (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) or U.S. Persons (as defined in the final risk retention rules 
promulgated under Section 15G of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
(the “Securities Exchange Act”)). The Securities may be offered, sold or otherwise transferred at any 
time only to persons that are Non-United States Persons (as defined by the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission). 
The Securities are an illiquid investment, the purchase of which involves substantial risks. Any 
investor investing in the Securities should fully consider, understand and appreciate those risks.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
RISK FACTORS .............................................................................................................................................. 9
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS .......................................................................................................... 43
OVERVIEW OF TRANSACTION PARTIES AND STRUCTURE OF THE SECURITIES ............................ 52
WORKED EXAMPLES OF PARTICIPATION SECURITIES ....................................................................... 64
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM .............................................................................................................................. 67
PROGRAMME DOCUMENTATION STRUCTURE ...................................................................................... 69
INVESTOR SUITABILITY ............................................................................................................................. 72
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST ......................................................................................................................... 74
FORM OF THE SECURITIES ....................................................................................................................... 76
ISSUE TERMS .............................................................................................................................................. 77
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE ISSUE TERMS - REFERENCE PORTFOLIO ........................................................ 93
SCHEDULE 2 TO THE ISSUE TERMS – FORM OF REDEMPTION NOTICE ......................................... 102
SCHEDULE 3 TO THE ISSUE TERMS – FORM OF PUT CANCELLATION NOTICE ............................. 103
FORM OF [FINAL TERMS] / [PRICING TERMS] ...................................................................................... 104
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODY ARRANGEMENTS ........................................................................... 112
DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS........................................................................... 113
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER ................................................................ 115
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT .................................................... 118
DESCRIPTION OF THE REFERENCE PORTFOLIO AND HEDGING PORTFOLIO ............................... 123
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED AGREEMENT .................................................................................. 127
DESCRIPTION OF THE EARLY REDEMPTION EVENTS ........................................................................ 130
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................... 131
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN ....................................................................................................... 133
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE ............................................................................................................ 134
DESCRIPTION OF THE COUNTERPARTY ............................................................................................... 135
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................. 138
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ...................................................................................................................... 142
USE OF PROCEEDS .................................................................................................................................. 147
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................... 148

--- Page 8 ---
8 
SCHEDULE: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PARTICIPATION SECURITIES 
CONDITIONS ................................................................................................................................. 151
PART A: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES ................................................ 151
PART B: PARTICIPATION SECURITIES CONDITIONS .......................................................................... 224

--- Page 9 ---
9 
RISK FACTORS
Before purchasing the Securities, you should carefully consider the following information together with the 
other information contained in this Base Prospectus (including the information contained in the sections 
entitled ‘Investor Suitability’ and ‘Conflicts of Interest’), any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any 
Pricing Document. All references in this Base Prospectus to “Pricing Document” shall be deemed to be 
references to the Issue Terms (set out at pages 77 to 103 below) as completed by  the Final Terms (in the 
case of Non-exempt Offers) or the Pricing Terms (in the case of Exempt Offers) in respect of any Tranche of 
Securities.   
The following risk factors set out those factors that we believe: 

represent the principal risks to you inherent in investing in the Securities; 

may affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the Securities; and/or 

are material for the purposes of assessing the risks associated with the Securities (by reference to 
general criteria that are not particular to your specific circumstances). 
The risks in this section are not exhaustive. There may be other reasons why we cannot pay amounts due in 
respect of the Securities and/or why amounts payable in respect of the Securities may be reduced. You 
should read the information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and the applicable Pricing Document, 
and reach your own conclusions prior to making a decision in respect of any investment, in consultation with 
your professional advisors as you deem necessary. You must also conduct your own independent 
investigation and analysis regarding the Securities, the Charged Assets, the Reference Portfolio, the Hedging 
Portfolio, and the related transaction parties and such market and economic factors as you deem appropriate 
to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities. You should consult with such advisors as 
you determine necessary in order to conduct such investigation and evaluation. 
We consider that the risk factors identified in this Base Prospectus are material for the purposes of assessing 
the risks associated with the Securities although no assurance can be given to the effect of any event 
described in a risk factor occurring. 
The risk factors identified in this Base Prospectus are provided to assist prospective purchasers of the 
Securities in assessing certain relevant risks related to their investment and to assist prospective purchasers 
in making their own informed investment decision in respect of the Securities. The Arranger, the Dealer(s) 
and the Trustee disclaim any responsibility to advise you of the risks and investment considerations 
associated with a purchase of the Securities.  
You should be aware that more than one risk factor may have simultaneous effects on the Securities, such 
that the effect of a particular risk factor may not be predictable.  In addition, more than one risk factor may 
have a compounding effect which may not be predictable.  No assurance can be given as to the effect that 
any combination of risk factors may have on the value of the Securities.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
1. 
Risks relating to us 
1.1 
We are a special purpose vehicle 
We are a special purpose vehicle. Our principal business is the issue of Securities. We have, and 
will have, no assets other than our issued and paid-up share capital and the agreements entered into 
by us in connection with the Securities (which together with the Charged Assets is known as the 
“Mortgaged Property”) which you have a security interest over. We will have no other assets with 
which to make any payments under the Securities. Nor will we have any other assets to meet claims 
made against us either in respect of the Securities or any other claims against us. The sole assets 
available to fund payments under the Securities will be the Mortgaged Property to which the 
Securities relate. 
Accordingly, there are risks in investing in the Securities which differ from risks in investing in 
instruments issued by a trading company with substantial assets and/or operations. 
1.2 
We are structured to be insolvency-remote, but are not insolvency-proof 
We are structured to be insolvency-remote. We will contract with parties who agree not to make any 
application to start winding-up or bankruptcy or similar proceedings against us. We are permitted (as 
provided for in the Trust Deed) to contract only with parties who agree with such restrictions.  
However, we are not insolvency-proof. Claims may arise against us which may permit a party to start 
insolvency proceedings against us or the contractual restrictions may not be respected in all 
jurisdictions. For example, claims may arise from third parties that have no direct contractual 
relationship with us or we may contract with parties which permit such parties to start winding-up or 
bankruptcy or similar proceedings against us.  
A creditor (including a contingent or prospective creditor) that has not accepted non-petition 
provisions in respect of us may be entitled to make an application for the commencement of 
insolvency proceedings against us. This may entitle such a creditor to terminate contracts with us 
and claim damages for any loss suffered as a result of such early termination. If the Securities remain 
outstanding at the time that any insolvency proceedings are commenced, this may also lead to an 
early redemption of the Securities and related enforcement actions. 
1.3 
We have appointed a corporate services provider 
We have appointed the Corporate Services Provider in accordance with the terms of a corporate 
services agreement. The Corporate Services Provider is an independent, third party entity which has 
agreed to provide certain administrative, accounting and related services to us. All of our directors 
are employees of the Corporate Services Provider. 
Our operations may be adversely affected by the termination of the appointment of the Corporate 
Services Provider. We may also be adversely affected by the insolvency or bankruptcy of the 
Corporate Services Provider or any default, negligence or fraud on the part of the Corporate Services 
Provider or any of its employees or agents. The termination of the appointment of the Corporate 
Services Provider or the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Corporate Services Provider, or default, 
negligence or fraud may result in a disruption of services to us, and may result in an inability or delay 
on our part in making payments to you in respect of the Securities. This means that if the appointment 
of the Corporate Services Provider is terminated, you may receive lower payments, or no payments, 
on your Securities, or that payments on your Securities may be delayed. 
1.4 
Centre of Main Interests 
Article 3(1) of Regulation (EU) 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2015 on Insolvency Proceedings (recast) (the “EU Insolvency Regulation”) is in force in Ireland 
since 26 June 2017 and applies to “insolvency proceedings” opened after 26 June 2017. Article 3(1)

--- Page 11 ---
11 
of the EU Insolvency Regulation provides that the centre of main interests (“COMI”) shall be “the 
place where the debtor conducts the administration of its interests on a regular basis and which is 
ascertainable by third parties” and in the case of a company, such as us, the place of the registered 
office shall be presumed to be the COMI in the absence of proof to the contrary and provided that 
the registered office has not been moved from another Member State within the three month period 
prior to the request for the opening of “insolvency proceedings”. 
In the decision by the Court of Justice of the European Union (“CJEU”) in relation to Eurofood IFSC 
Limited, the CJEU restated the presumption in Council Regulation (EC) No. 1346/2000 of 29 May 
2000 on Insolvency Proceedings, that the place of a company’s registered office is presumed to be 
the company’s COMI and stated that the presumption can only be rebutted if “factors which are both 
objective and ascertainable by third parties enable it to be established that an actual situation exists 
which is different from that which locating it at the registered office is deemed to reflect”. This is 
consistent with Recital 30 to the EU Insolvency Regulation. 
Recital 28 to the EU Insolvency Regulation further indicates that in assessing whether a company’s 
centre of main interests is ascertainable to third parties for these purposes, “special consideration 
should be given to the creditors and to their perception as to where a debtor conducts the 
administration of its interests”. As we have our registered office in Ireland, have not moved our 
registered office from another Member State to Ireland within the three month period prior to a request 
for the opening of “insolvency proceedings”, have an Irish corporate services provider, have Irish 
directors and are registered for tax in Ireland, we do not believe that factors exist that would rebut 
this presumption, although this would ultimately be a matter for the relevant court to decide, based 
on the circumstances existing at the time when it was asked to make that decision. If our COMI is 
not located in Ireland, and is held to be in a different jurisdiction within the European Union, main 
insolvency proceedings may not be opened in Ireland. 
Accordingly, pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Insolvency Regulation and as we are an Irish incorporated 
company and have our registered office in Ireland there is a rebuttable presumption that our COMI 
is in Ireland and consequently that any main insolvency proceedings applicable to us would be 
governed by Irish law. If, for any reason, our COMI were deemed to be in any other jurisdiction, then 
the main insolvency proceedings applicable to us may be governed by the law of that other 
jurisdiction, which may be different from Irish law, and may potentially treat your claims (as 
Securityholders) against us less favourably than if the insolvency proceedings were governed by Irish 
law. 
1.5 
Preferred Creditors under Irish Law and Floating Charges  
Under Irish law, upon an insolvency of an Irish company such as us, when applying the proceeds of 
assets subject to fixed security which may have been realised in the course of a liquidation or 
receivership, the claims of a limited category of preferential creditors will take priority over the claims 
of creditors holding the relevant fixed security. These preferred claims include the remuneration, 
costs and expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the company (which may include any 
borrowings made by an examiner to fund the company's requirements for the duration of his 
appointment) which have been approved by the Irish courts.  (See "Examinership" below). Such 
preferred claims may negatively impact the value of the Securities.  
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish tax resident company (which would 
include us) may be required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners, to pay to them sums equivalent to those which the holder received in 
payment of debts due to it by the company. 
Where the holder of the security has given notice to the Irish Revenue Commissioners of the creation 
of the security within 21 days of its creation or, where the fixed charge has been transferred, on or 
before 31 January 2020 or within 21 days of the date of transfer of the fixed charge (whichever is the 
later), the holder's liability is limited to the amount of certain outstanding Irish tax liabilities of the 
company (including liabilities in respect of value added tax) arising after the issuance of the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners' notice to the holder of fixed security. If any such claim was made by the

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Irish Revenue Commissioners against the Trustee, this could negatively impact the value of the 
Securities. 
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company 
(which would include us) by another person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in 
respect of outstanding tax whether the liabilities are due on its own account or as an agent or trustee.  
The scope of this right of the Irish Revenue Commissioners has not yet been considered by the Irish 
courts and it may override the rights of holders of security (whether fixed or floating) over the debt in 
question. If any such action is taken by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, this could negatively 
impact the value of the Securities. 
In relation to the disposal of assets of any Irish tax resident company (which would include us) which 
are subject to security, a person entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation 
to any capital gains made by the company on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security. 
The essence of a fixed charge is that the person creating the charge does not have liberty to deal 
with the assets which are the subject matter of the security in the sense of disposing of such assets 
or expending or appropriating the moneys or claims constituting such assets and accordingly, if and 
to the extent that such liberty is given to us any charge constituted by the Trust Deed may operate 
as a floating, rather than a fixed charge. The holder of a charge created as a floating charge which 
is purportedly crystallised into a fixed charge may be deemed to have waived the purported 
crystallisation event or, alternatively, be estopped from relying on the purported crystallisation where 
the person who created the charge retains liberty to deal with the assets which are the subject matter 
of the security following the purported crystallisation. 
In particular, the Irish courts have held that in order to create a fixed charge on receivables it is 
necessary to oblige the charger to pay the proceeds of collection of the receivables into a designated 
bank account and to prohibit the charger from withdrawing or otherwise dealing with the monies 
standing to the credit of such account without the consent of the chargee. 
Depending upon the level of control actually exercised by the us, there is therefore a possibility that 
fixed security over our assets would be regarded by the Irish courts as a floating charge. 
Floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
(i) 
the chargor company is free to deal with any asset which is the subject of a floating charge 
in the ordinary course of its business and accordingly can sell such asset and give good title 
to the purchaser; they have weak priority against purchasers and chargees of the assets 
concerned and against lien holders, execution creditors and creditors with rights of set-off; 
(ii) 
as discussed above, they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of 
employees and certain taxes on a winding-up or on the appointment of a receiver even if 
crystallised prior to the commencement of the winding-up or the appointment of the receiver;  
(iii) 
they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
(iv) 
the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by the floating 
charge even if crystallised prior to the commencement of examinership; 
(v) 
they are affected by section 597 (circumstances in which a floating charge is invalid) and 
section 598 (other circumstances in which floating charge is invalid), in each case of the Irish 
Companies Act 2014 (as amended); and 
(vi) 
they rank after fixed charges. 
If the fixed charges created pursuant to the Trust Deed are regarded as floating charges instead of 
fixed charges, this could negatively impact the value of the Securities.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
1.6 
Examinership  
Examinership is a court procedure available under the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended) to 
facilitate the survival of companies in financial difficulties. 
Us, our directors, our contingent, prospective or actual creditors, our shareholders holding, at the 
date of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth of our voting share capital are each 
entitled to petition the court for the appointment of an examiner.  The examiner, once appointed, has 
the power to set aside contracts and arrangements entered into by the company after this 
appointment and, in certain circumstances, can avoid a negative pledge given by the company prior 
to this appointment.  Furthermore, the examiner may sell assets, the subject of a fixed charge.  
However, if such power is exercised the examiner must account to the holders of the fixed charge for 
the amount realised and discharge the amount due to the holders of the fixed charge out of the 
proceeds of the sale. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will formulate proposals for a compromise or scheme 
of arrangement to assist the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a 
going concern.  A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the Irish High Court when at least 
one class of creditors has voted in favour of the proposals and the Irish High Court is satisfied that 
such proposals are fair and equitable in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not 
accepted the proposals and whose interests would be impaired by implementation of the scheme of 
arrangement. 
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form 
separate classes of creditors.  In our case, if the Trustee represented the majority in number and 
value of claims within the secured creditor class (which would be likely given the restrictions agreed 
to by us in the Master Terms and Conditions), the Trustee would be in a position to reject any proposal 
not in favour of the Securityholders.  The Trustee would also be entitled to argue at the Irish High 
Court hearing at which the proposed scheme of arrangement is considered that the proposals are 
unfair and inequitable in relation to the Securityholders, especially if such proposals included a writing 
down to the value of amounts due by us to you.  The primary risks to you if an examiner were 
appointed to us are as follows: 
(i) 
the potential for a compromise or scheme of arrangement being approved involving the 
writing down or rescheduling of the debt due by us to you as secured by the transaction 
documents; 
(ii) 
the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the Securities 
prohibiting the creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by us to enable the examiner 
to borrow to fund us during the protection period; and 
(iii) 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and we subsequently go into 
liquidation, the examiner's remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings incurred 
by the examiner on behalf of the Issuer and approved by the Irish High Court) will take priority 
over the monies and liabilities which from time to time are or may become due, owing or 
payable by us to each of the secured creditors under the Securities or the transaction 
documents. 
The impact of such risks for you as Securityholders is that the value of the Securities may be 
negatively impacted or you may suffer a delay in receiving payments or may receive less or 
substantially less than your initial investment.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
2. 
Risks relating to the Securities  
2.1 
Limited Recourse 
The Securities are limited recourse obligations of us. This means your rights against us in respect of 
the Securities are limited to the assets we acquire and/or agreements we enter into to hedge (i.e. 
ensure we are able to meet) our obligations in respect of such Securities. Together these assets 
and/or agreements are called the Mortgaged Property. Our obligations in respect of the Securities 
are not guaranteed by any other person, and no other person including the Trustee, any of the 
Agents, the Counterparty, the Portfolio Manager, the Arranger or any other person has any obligation 
to you for payment of any amount by us in respect of the Securities. There is no guarantee that you 
will recover any amounts payable under the Securities. 
Our ability to meet our obligations in respect of the Securities will depend on us realising the value of 
or receiving money due to us under the Mortgaged Property. You have no recourse to us beyond the 
moneys we receive from the Mortgaged Property. If any obligor of the Charged Assets or 
Counterparty to the Charged Agreement fails to make payments due in respect of such assets or 
agreements, we will have insufficient funds available to meet our obligations to you on the Securities.  
Alternatively, if the security for this Series of Securities becomes enforceable and the net proceeds 
of the realisation of the Mortgaged Property is insufficient to meet all payments due by us in respect 
of the Securities (including, without limitation, any claims of the Trustee, the Agents, the Counterparty 
and/or the Portfolio Manager, which rank ahead of your claims), there are no other assets which shall 
be available to meet such payment shortfall (including any assets securing other Series of Securities 
issued by the Issuer under the Programme). This means that you will receive less than you would 
otherwise be entitled to under your Securities and you will have no right to make a claim against us 
for the shortfall. 
On redemption of the Securities, we will sell the Charged Assets and terminate any Charged 
Agreement so we have sufficient funds to make the redemption payment to you and other investors. 
The proceeds raised by us on the sale of the Mortgaged Property may not be sufficient to cover all 
amounts that would otherwise be payable to you in respect of the Securities.  
If the proceeds of the sale of, or amounts received on, the Mortgaged Property are insufficient to 
make payments or deliveries to you under the Securities, you will not have recourse to any other 
assets to make up any shortfall. Such shortfall will be borne by you and that will be a loss to you. 
This means that you will receive no further payments, and we will not owe you any further monies. 
See paragraph 3.8 (Payments to you are subordinated to the claims of other Secured Creditors) 
below. 
You should also know that, the Securities are not, and do not represent or give you any interest in, 
the Charged Assets. The Securities do not give you any right (whether in respect of voting, dividend 
or other distribution) which the holder of any of the Charged Assets may have.  
Accordingly, you may suffer a significant, and potentially complete, loss on your investment. 
2.2 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Master Trust Terms govern the calling of meetings of investors (including you) to consider 
matters affecting your interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
investors (including you) in these Securities, including investors who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and investors who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. You may be bound 
by the decisions of other investors even if you did not attend the meeting where the decision was 
made or voted against the decision. 
The Master Trust Terms also allow the Trustee, without your consent or the consent of other 
investors, to agree to (i) any modification of the terms and conditions of the Securities or the other

--- Page 15 ---
15 
documents entered into in connection with the Securities if it decides the modification is formal, minor 
or technical or made to correct a manifest error or (ii) any other modification, any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the terms and conditions of the Securities 
or the other documents entered into in connection with the securities if it decides the modification, 
waiver or authorisation is not materially prejudicial (i.e. harmful) to your interests and the interests of 
other investors.  
2.3 
Counterparty and/or Calculation Agent Determinations 
The Conditions of the Securities give the Counterparty and/or the Calculation Agent discretions to 
make certain determinations and calculations. The determinations and calculations made by the 
Counterparty and/or the Calculation Agent may negatively affect the value of the Securities or the 
amount payable under the Securities and/or may result in the occurrence of an early redemption 
event.  
2.4 
No obligation owed to you by the Counterparty and/or the Calculation Agent 
The Counterparty and the Calculation Agent have no obligations to you or other investors. However, 
all designations and calculations made by the Counterparty and the Calculation Agent in respect of 
any Securities shall be conclusive and binding on, us, the Trustee and you and other investors.  
The Counterparty and the Calculation Agent may therefore make designations, determinations and 
calculations which negatively affects the value of your Securities and reduces the value of your 
investment, and so are detrimental to you or other investors. 
2.5 
Securities in global form 
Global Registered Certificates will be held by or on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg  and/or Alternative Clearing Systems, as applicable. You will be reliant on their 
procedures for transfer, payment and communication with us. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Alternative Clearing Systems, as the case may be, will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the Global Registered Certificates. While the Securities are represented by one 
or more Global Registered Certificates, you will be able to trade you beneficial interests only through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Alternative Clearing Systems, as the case may 
be. 
While the Securities are represented by one or more Global Registered Certificates, we will discharge 
its payments obligations under the Securities by making payments to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Alternative Clearing Systems, as the case may be, for distribution to their 
accountholders. A holder of an interest in a Global Registered Certificate must rely on the procedures 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Alternative Clearing Systems, as the case may 
be, to receive payments under the Securities. Neither we nor the Counterparty has responsibility or 
liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in Global 
Registered Certificates. 
Holders of beneficial interests in Global Registered Certificates will not have a direct right to vote in 
respect of the Securities. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they 
are enabled by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Alternative Clearing Systems, as 
the case may be, to appoint appropriate proxies. 
2.6 
Further issues 
We may issue further Tranches of Securities that are fungible with existing Tranches of Securities. 
This means that the further Tranches of Securities are treated as the same as, and interchangeable 
with, the existing Tranches of Securities. We will be required to acquire additional Charged Assets 
which reflect the additional nominal amount of the further Tranches of Securities. This additional

--- Page 16 ---
16 
acquisition may affect the value of the original Charged Assets acquired for the existing Tranches of 
Securities.  
The issue of further Tranches of Securities and acquisition of additional Charged Assets may require 
you and other investors to give certain consents and enter into further documentation. You should 
know that by holding Securities, save as provided in the applicable Pricing Document, you are 
deemed to have represented and warranted and agreed that you will use reasonable efforts to give 
such consents, and enter into such documentation, as we and/or the Arranger determine necessary. 
2.7 
No Restrictions on Activities 
Any of the Transaction Parties and any affiliate of any of them or other person on their behalf may: 

have existing or future business relationships with any parties related to the issue of the 
Securities, and may purchase, sell or otherwise deal in any assets or obligations of, or 
relating to, any such party; or 

act with respect to any such business, assets or obligations without considering the possible 
consequences for you or other investors or the parties related to the issue of the Securities. 
The Transaction Parties will not consider your or other investors interests in taking such action and 
any such action may adversely affect the market price of the Securities. 
2.8 
Provision of Information 
Any of the Transaction Parties or any affiliate of any of them or any other person acting on their behalf 
may at any time have information relating to any parties related to the issue of the Securities that 
may be confidential and that you or other investors do not have. This may include parties such as 
the Calculation Agent, which makes certain calculations and determinations with respect to the 
Securities. None of such persons are under any obligation to make any such information available to 
you or other investors or any other party.  
Any Transaction Party may act on such information without regard to your interests in a manner which 
is detrimental to the value of the Securities. This may negatively impact the value of your Securities 
or the amount you may receive on your Securities. 
2.9 
Negative interest rates may apply in certain circumstances to cash funds held by the 
Custodian 
The Custodian holds our cash on behalf of us. In circumstances such as where the overnight 
benchmark rate or official overnight interest rate for a currency is negative (or any sub-custodian 
appointed by the Custodian applies a negative interest rate or other charge), the Custodian may 
apply negative interest rates for any cash funds in that currency held by the Custodian on our behalf 
(including cash funds held on our behalf which have been transferred by the Counterparty under the 
Charged Agreement(s) or which originate from other assets or exposures transferred to us pursuant 
to the Charged Agreement(s)).  
This means that the Custodian will charge us interest (rather than pay us interest) to hold its cash. 
This means that the amount of cash held by the Custodian may be reduced. You should therefore 
note that unless additional amounts are transferred to us to make up the difference in the amount of 
negative interest charged, you may receive less than they otherwise would have if negative interest 
was not charged.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
3. 
Risks relating to redemption, early redemption and optional redemption 
3.1 
The Charged Assets and the Reference Portfolio 
You should note that, although amounts payable on redemption of the Securities are generally 
determined by reference to the performance of the Reference Portfolio over a specific time (in 
accordance with the Risk Factor “Nature of the Reference Portfolio” under paragraph 10.1 (Reference 
Portfolio) below), we will only be able to make the redemption payment to you through sale of the 
assets we acquire and/or the termination of the transactions we enter into to hedge ourself. We are 
under no obligation to acquire or select the exact same securities or assets forming part of the 
Reference Portfolio, at any point in time, to hedge ourself, and may acquire securities or assets which 
differ from the assets which form part of the Reference Portfolio. The assets that we actually acquire 
from time to time to hedge ourself will form part of the Hedging Portfolio and therefore will form part 
of the Charged Assets. You should be aware that this results in a risk that an investment in the 
Securities may perform differently to, and worse than, a direct investment in the assets comprising 
the Reference Portfolio. 
No assurance can be given as to the credit or other risks you shall be subject to in respect of the 
Charged Assets and the type of Charged Assets held may have a significant effect on our ability to 
make payments due under the Securities as they will be the sole assets available to us to make 
payments on the Securities. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that we shall be able to make 
such payments in full, or at all, in respect of any amounts payable in respect of any Securities. 
You should note that we shall only have recourse to the Charged Assets to fund any amounts payable 
in respect of the Securities. Accordingly, you may incur a partial or total loss of your investment if the 
value of the Charged Assets is lower than the amounts payable in respect of the Securities. 
3.2 
Early redemption and optional redemption 
The Securities contain terms and conditions that require us to redeem the Securities prior to the 
Maturity Date where the Calculation Agent determines that one of the following has occurred: 
(i) 
certain tax events with respect to the Securities,  
(ii) 
certain tax events with respect to the Charged Assets or any Charged Agreement;  
(iii) 
regulatory events,  
(iv) 
the termination of the Charged Agreement (including as a result of an event of default or 
termination event thereunder),  
(v) 
the termination of the appointment of the Portfolio Manager,  
(vi)  
the termination of the appointment of the Portfolio Manager by us or the Portfolio Manager 
otherwise ceasing to act in such capacity in respect of the Reference Portfolio,   
(vii) 
the outstanding principal amount of the Securities falling below the level specified in the 
Pricing Document,  
(viii) 
a breach of selling restrictions with respect to the Securities, whereupon only such Affected 
Securities are subject to redemption,  
(ix) 
the value of the Reference Portfolio falling below the level specified in the Pricing Document, 
(x) 
at our option, exercisable in accordance with the Issue Terms and Final Terms relating to the 
Securities, and/or

--- Page 18 ---
18 
(xi) 
at the option of the investors, exercisable in accordance with the Issue Terms and Final 
Terms relating to the Securities. 
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event, the amount you receive as an Early 
Redemption Amount will be calculated by reference to the amount of money obtained on the net 
proceeds of the enforcement of the security in respect of the Securities. 
If the Securities redeem early, the Charged Assets will be sold or valued at a different time than if the 
Securities had redeemed on their Scheduled Maturity Date and this may materially affect the price 
that may be obtained in respect of the Charged Assets. Accordingly, the amounts due to you on early 
redemption may be lower than the amounts that would otherwise be due at maturity. None of the 
Transaction Parties will be liable if a higher price could have been obtained had such sale taken place 
at a different time. 
In addition, where the Securities are redeemed early, we may owe the Counterparty certain amounts 
on the related termination of the Charged Agreement. We may also owe other parties (including the 
Trustee and the Agents) certain amounts, and these amounts may be deducted from the amounts 
due to you on such early redemption. 
You should note that the amount payable in the event of any early redemption of the Securities may 
vary depending on the circumstances in which the Securities are redeemed and such amount may 
be, in any event, considerably below the amount that would otherwise have been paid had the 
Securities remained outstanding up to the anticipated Maturity Date of the Securities. 
Accordingly, you may, in such circumstances, suffer a significant, and potentially complete, loss on 
your investment in the Securities. 
3.3 
Stop Loss Event 
A Stop Loss Event will occur where the Calculation Agent determines that the value of the Aggregate 
Reference Portfolio Level is equal to or below the level specified in the relevant Pricing Document. 
Following the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event, the Securities will redeem early. The occurrence of 
a Stop Loss Event will not prevent you losing some or all of your investment. 
3.4 
Redemption following breach of selling restrictions 
If any Securities are sold or otherwise transferred to any person in breach of the Selling Restrictions 
applicable to such Securities, then such Securities are called Affected Securities and we may be 
required to redeem such Affected Securities early at the Early Redemption Amount in the 
circumstances set out in Condition 7(b)(5). This may mean that the amount received by you if the 
Securities redeem early may be lower than the amounts that would otherwise be due at maturity. 
None of the Transaction Parties will be liable if a higher price could have been obtained had such 
sale taken place at a different time 
3.5 
Realisation of the Charged Assets upon maturity, early redemption or optional redemption 
You should note that the amount payable in respect of the Securities upon maturity, upon early 
redemption or upon optional redemption for any reason (other than the exercise by a Securityholder 
of its right to redeem on an Investor Put Redemption Date), will, to a significant extent, depend on 
the amounts received in connection with the sale or unwind of the Charged Assets by the Broker, the 
Counterparty (if any), or the Trustee (as the case may be) or on our behalf in accordance with the 
liquidation procedures set out in the Portfolio Management Agreement.  
Upon early redemption of the Securities, the Broker and/or the Counterparty will liquidate the 
Charged Assets over a certain period of time. The Broker and/or the Counterparty may be permitted 
to sell or unwind the Charged Assets (or any part thereof) at any time during such period, or in stages 
and by reference to a notional auction process, by reference to notional limit orders or otherwise. The 
Broker and/or the Counterparty will liquidate the Charged Assets in accordance with the timing and

--- Page 19 ---
19 
method of liquidation determined by (a) the Portfolio Manager in respect of the Reference Portfolio 
or (b) in the case of a Stop Loss Event, a Portfolio Manager Default Event, or where the Portfolio 
Manager fails to provide adequate, reasonable, practicable and/or timely instructions for the notional 
liquidation of the Reference Portfolio, the Selling Agent.  
None of us, the Trustee, the Custodian, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Counterparty, 
the Broker, the Portfolio Manager, the Selling Agent or any of the other Agents will be liable if a higher 
price could have been obtained had such sale or unwind taken place at a different time or using a 
different method, or had not been sold in stages and/or for any loss suffered by you and/or any other 
person in connection with any such sale. The timing and method of liquidation may materially affect 
the price obtained in respect of the Charged Assets being liquidated. The amount you will receive on 
redemption of the Securities is determined by the amount of money the Broker and/or the 
Counterparty obtains when it liquidates the Charged Assets. Accordingly, the amounts due to you on 
early redemption may be lower than the amounts that would otherwise be due at maturity. 
Furthermore, you should note that the Securities will not be redeemed until all of the Charged Assets 
have been sold or unwound (subject to a maximum number of days specified in the Participation 
Securities Conditions) and, in certain circumstances, the sale price or unwind amount of the Charged 
Assets may be deemed to be zero (in accordance the Pricing Document the Securities).  None of us, 
the Trustee, the Custodian, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Counterparty, the Broker, 
the Portfolio Manager, the Selling Agent or any of the other Agents shall have any liability or 
responsibility for any loss suffered by you and/or any other person in connection with the prices or 
amounts obtained in connection with any sale or unwind of the Charged Assets. 
3.6 
Securities subject to optional redemption 
The Securities may be redeemed early at our option. This means we will have the option to redeem 
all (but not some only) of the outstanding Securities early upon the giving notice to the Trustee, the 
Agents and you and other investors.  
This is likely to limit the market value of the Securities and could lead to you receiving an amount at 
redemption which may be lower than your initial investment and earlier than had been anticipated in 
circumstances over which you have no control. This may affect the value of your investment.  
3.7 
Risks relating to Investor Put  
Investors should be aware that if, following delivery by the investor of a Redemption Notice, the Issuer 
is not able to liquidate the required amount of Charged Assets that, together with any cash available 
to the Issuer, is sufficient to pay the Investor Put Redemption Amount, the Calculation Agent shall 
deliver an Investor Put Cancellation Notice. The result of this is that the Redemption Notice shall be 
of no effect and the investor’s holding of Securities will not be redeemed early by the Issuer. 
3.8 
Payments to you are subordinated to the claims of other Secured Creditors 
Your right to be paid amounts due under the Securities out of the proceeds of liquidation of the 
Charged Assets or on enforcement of the security will be subordinated to (i.e. rank behind) claims of 
certain Secured Creditors.  
As a result, we will use the funds available to us in connection with the Securities to satisfy the claims 
of senior ranking payments (i.e. the parties that are required to be paid first under the order of priority) 
before payments are made to you. If the funds available to us to satisfy claims of all senior ranking 
payments are insufficient to satisfy all such claims, the amount payable to you will be reduced and 
you will lose some or all of your investment. Although you may lose some or all of your investment, 
you cannot lose more than the value of your investment. 
Unless specified otherwise in the relevant Pricing Document, the order of priority in which parties will 
be paid in relation to the Securities will be ‘Counterparty Priority’. This means your claims will be

--- Page 20 ---
20 
subordinated to (i.e. rank behind) the Trustee, the Custodian (including in respect of any FundSettle 
Services), the Agents, the Counterparty under the Charged Agreement and the Portfolio Manager 
under the Portfolio Management Agreement. This means that you will only be paid the amounts due 
to you on the Securities after each of the Trustee, the Custodian, the Agents, the Counterparty and 
the Portfolio Manager has been paid amounts due to it. 
3.9 
Only the Trustee may enforce the security over the Mortgaged Property 
You are not permitted to enforce the security over the Mortgaged Property. Only the Trustee may 
enforce the security over the Mortgaged Property in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed. In 
connection with the exercise of its functions, the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of the 
Securityholders as a class and not to the consequences of such exercise for individual 
Securityholders.  
The Trustee will be required to enforce the security if requested by the holders of at least one-fifth of 
the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Securities, if directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or if directed in writing by the Counterparty, in each case subject to the Trustee being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. In such case, individual 
Securityholders are dependent on the Trustee and requisite Securityholder voting threshold being 
achieved before security over the Mortgaged Property can be enforced.  
Since the requisite voting threshold is less than 100 per cent., a decision to request the Trustee to 
enforce the security may not represent the view of all of the Securityholders. The interests of the 
particular investors who request or direct the enforcement of the security may not coincide with your 
interests or the interest of other investors.  
3.10 
Reinvestment risk relating to early redemption of the Securities 
Following an early redemption of the Securities as a result of an Early Redemption Event or an Event 
of Default, you will receive the Early Redemption Amount. You may not be able to reinvest this 
amount in a way that generates a level of return for you as high as the return on the Securities and 
you may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate of return. You should consider such 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments that are available to you. 
4. 
Risks relating to the Charged Assets 
4.1 
The value of the Charged Assets is subject to market price, credit, liquidity, currency and 
interest rate risks and global pandemics or epidemics, and the creditworthiness of the 
relevant Obligor 
The Charged Assets are the assets that we acquire to hedge (i.e. ensure we are able to meet) our 
obligations in respect of the Securities and form part of the security package in respect of the 
Securities. These are the assets which you and other investors (together with certain of our other 
creditors) will have recourse to it if the Securities are redeemed early. Accordingly, you will, upon an 
early redemption of the Securities, be exposed to the value of the Charged Assets. 
The Charged Assets relating to the Securities will be subject to market price, credit, liquidity, currency 
and interest rate risks and the risk of global pandemics or epidemics or the fear of such pandemics 
of epidemics. If an obligor of any Charged Asset becomes insolvent, various insolvency and related 
laws applicable to such obligor may (directly or indirectly) limit the amount we may recover in respect 
of such Charged Asset, and this will reduce the amounts we have available to meet our obligations 
in respect of the Securities. 
If Securities redeem early, the Charged Assets relating to such Securities may be required to be 
liquidated as described in paragraph 3.5 (Realisation of the Charged Assets upon maturity, early 
redemption or optional redemption). The amount of proceeds we receive on any sale will be affected 
by a number of factors, including those summarised in paragraph 9.1 (Market value of the Securities)

--- Page 21 ---
21 
below. Such factors may impact the price at which such Charged Assets are sold, including being 
sold at a discount - which could be substantial - to the market value of the Charged Assets on the 
Issue Date. The proceeds of any such sale and the proceeds of termination of any related Charged 
Agreement and any other assets available to us that relate to the Securities may not be sufficient to 
repay the full amount due to you on the Securities. You may therefore receive less than if such 
Securities were redeemed in accordance with their terms on their Maturity Date. 
4.2 
No claim against the obligor of the Charged Asset 
The Securities do not represent a claim against the obligor of the Charged Asset. In the event of any 
loss, you will not have recourse under the Securities to the obligor of the Charged Asset. 
Although you are exposed to the Charged Assets, an investment in the Securities is not an investment 
in the Charged Assets. The Securities may perform differently to, and potentially worse than, the 
Charged Assets. 
4.3 
The price and value of the Charged Assets may be affected by the country of the obligor of 
such Charged Asset 
The price and value of the Charged Asset, and/or the ability of each obligor of the Charged Assets 
to perform its obligations under the Charged Assets, may be adversely affected by, amongst other 
things, the political, financial and economic stability of: 

the country and/or region in which each issuer or obligor of the Charged Asset is incorporated 
or has its principal place of business; and 

the country the currency of which each item of Charged Asset is denominated. 
In certain cases the price and value of assets originating from countries not ordinarily considered to 
be emerging markets countries may behave in a manner similar to those of assets originating from 
emerging markets countries.  
As investors in the Securities, you are exposed to the risk of the Charged Assets and these factors 
may affect the value of your investment. 
4.4 
Charged Assets in emerging markets gives rise to particular risks 
The Charged Assets may originate from an emerging markets country. Investing in Securities where 
the return is linked to securities issued by entities in emerging markets countries involves certain 
systemic and other risks and special considerations, which include: 

the prices of emerging markets assets may be subject to sharp and sudden fluctuations and 
declines which in turn may affect the value of the Securities; 

emerging markets securities and other assets tend to be relatively illiquid (i.e. difficult to sell).  
Trading volume may be lower than in securities and assets of higher grade credits. This may 
result in wide bid/offer spreads prevailing in adverse market conditions. This in turn may 
affect the price at which the Securities may be redeemed and the period required to liquidate 
the collateral relating to the Securities; 

published information in or in respect of emerging markets countries and the issuers of or 
obligors in respect of emerging markets securities or other assets has been proven on 
occasions to be materially inaccurate. This may affect the Securities; for example the value 
of the Securities or the determination of the occurrence of an early redemption event relating 
to the Charged Assets;

--- Page 22 ---
22 

in certain cases you may be exposed to the risk of default by a sub-custodian in respect of 
any Charged Assets in an emerging markets country; and 

realisation of Charged Assets comprising emerging markets securities or other assets may 
be subject to restrictions or delays arising under local law, which may result in, amongst other 
things, a delay in redemption of the Securities. 
The amount payable to you on redemption will be determined by the proceeds of liquidation of the 
Charged Assets. Where the Charged Assets originate from an emerging markets country, as outlined 
above, a number of factors may affect the price at which such Charged Assets are sold. The Charged 
Assets may be sold at a discount which could lead to you receiving an amount at redemption which 
may be lower than your initial investment. This may affect the value of your investment.  
4.5 
Charged Assets comprised of cash 
You should note that any cash comprised in the Charged Assets or received on our behalf in respect 
of the Charged Assets will be credited to the Custody Account. Any money credited to the Custody 
Account is held by the Custodian as banker and not as trustee under the client money rules as set 
out in Chapter 7 of the Client Asset Rules. This means that any such money may be used by The 
Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch in the course of its own business and we will rank only as 
a general creditor of the Custodian as regards such money. Accordingly, you will be exposed to the 
credit risk of the Custodian insofar as the Charged Assets comprise cash. 
4.6 
Foreign Exchange Risk in respect of the Charged Assets 
The assets which we have available to us to meet our obligations to make a redemption payment in 
respect of the Securities (including the Charged Assets and Eligible Securities or cash posted to us 
under any Credit Support Annex) may be denominated in a different currency from the Securities. If 
an Early Redemption Event occurs, you may be exposed to foreign exchange risk of the currency of 
the Charged Assets and any Eligible Securities or such cash against the currency in which you are 
due to receive the Early Redemption Amount. This means you may receive less than you would have 
received if such assets were denominated in the same currency as the currency in which you are 
due to receive the Early Redemption Amount. 
4.7 
Additional risks relating to certain asset classes 
The following are risks specific to the asset class(es) which may be constituents in the Reference 
Portfolio and/or may comprise Charged Assets or constituents of the Hedging Portfolio  
Equities 
A relatively small movement in the value of the equities can result in a large movement in the price 
of the Securities. For example, if the Securities are linked to the performance of 100,000 equities 
from the same issuer, a decrease of £1.00 in the value of that equity may result in a decrease of 
£100,000 in the value of the Securities. In addition, the market price of equities may be volatile and 
may be affected by, amongst other things, the rate of dividends, the economic performance and 
prospects of the issuer, economic, financial and political events, a downturn in the particular market 
or industry of the issuer or a change in the creditworthiness of the issuer and factors affecting the 
stock exchange(s) on which the equities may be traded. The value of Securities linked to equities 
may be affected by the value of such equities. 
Corporate Bonds 
Bonds issued by corporate entities may be volatile and affected by, amongst other things, how much 
time is left until such bonds are scheduled to redeem, any changes to the interest rates, the economic 
performance and prospects of the issuer, economic, financial and political events in any jurisdictions 
affecting the issuer, a downturn in the particular market or industry of the issuer or a change in the

--- Page 23 ---
23 
creditworthiness of the issuer and factors affecting the stock exchange(s) on which the equities of 
the issuer (if any) may be traded. Such risks are particularly acute with respect to bonds issued by 
corporate entities with low credit ratings, referred to as high-yield bonds. No assurance can be made 
that any such factors will not affect the corporate bonds following the initial purchase by the Issuer. 
The value of Securities linked to corporate bonds may be affected by the value of such corporate 
bonds. You should ensure that you have sufficient knowledge of the relevant corporate entity issuing 
the corporate bonds to enable you to independently evaluate the risks and merits of an investment 
in the Securities. 
Foreign Exchange 
Where Reference Portfolio Constituents are denominated in a currency (the "Denomination 
Currency") other than the Specified Currency, we may enter into derivative transactions to hedge 
against currency fluctuations in relation to a fixed amount of the Denomination Currency for a 
specified period of time (the "Hedge Term"). At the time such derivatives transactions are entered 
into, we become hedged against such currency fluctuations in relation to that particular amount of 
Denomination Currency. However, while the derivatives transactions are outstanding, certain 
fluctuations or events may occur which could lead to certain amounts not being covered by the 
derivative transactions, including (i) changes to the value of Reference Portfolio Constituents during 
the Hedge Term, (ii) changes to the market value of the Denomination Currency in relation to the 
Specified Currency and/or (iii) changes in the composition of the Reference Portfolio. As a result of 
such events, any amount of Denomination Currency that is additional to the fixed amount so hedged 
will not be covered by the derivative transactions and so will not be hedged against currency 
fluctuations during the Hedge Term which may, as a result, affect the value of the Securities.    
Additional Tier 1 Capital Securities 
Up to 40 per cent of the Reference Portfolio may comprise positions in Additional Tier 1 Capital 
Securities (“AT1s”). AT1s are primarily issued by financial institutions as an economically and 
regulatory efficient means of raising capital. They are a form of contingent hybrid securities, usually 
subordinated, that feature loss absorbing characteristics and under certain circumstances can 
convert into equity. 
AT1 features have been designed to meet specific regulatory requirements imposed on financial 
institutions to fulfil a higher equity capital ratio (the ratio of a financial institution’s core equity capital 
to its total risk-weighted assets) in their own funds and to include loss absorbency features on a 
going-concern basis before the point of non-viability within their capital structure. Financial institutions 
may issue debt securities like AT1s instead of new shares because with the issuance of AT1s, 
financial institutions are able to raise their common equity ratio either via mandatory conversion into 
equity such as shares or via mandatory write down of the principal of the AT1s if certain events occur. 
While AT1s are primarily issued by financial institutions, they may be issued by different types of 
firms. 
Certain AT1s have “mandatory conversion” features, which means that the AT1 is a debt security or 
preferred stock that converts automatically into equity upon the occurrence of a trigger event. 
Mandatory conversion securities may limit the potential for capital appreciation and, in some 
instances, are subject to complete loss of invested capital. The holders of AT1s do not have a 
conversion right, instead conversion will only occur on the occurrence of the trigger event.  
In addition, certain AT1s are issued with “write down” features. This means that the principal amount 
of the AT1 will be written down after a specific trigger event. If a trigger event, depending on the terms 
and conditions of the AT1, occurs and is continuing, then the principal amount of all of the relevant 
AT1s is automatically and at least temporarily reduced to a specific percentage (e.g. 25 per cent) of 
the original principal amount or permanently written down in full. Thus, the amount of the repayment 
claim will be reduced accordingly. The conversion of an AT1 to equity or the write down of the 
principal amount of the AT1 may be triggered by specified events that might be independent from the 
particular need of an issuer of the AT1. These trigger events may be based on a mechanical rule 
(e.g. the issuer’s “Core Tier 1 Ratio” is less than a specific percentage ratio) or a regulatory

--- Page 24 ---
24 
supervisor’s discretion (e.g. the relevant regulatory authority deems the banking institution to be non-
viable). 
While certain AT1s are issued with a stated maturity and fixed coupons, others are issued as 
perpetual instruments, which may be callable at pre-determined levels only with the approval of the 
relevant competent authority or at the option of the issuer of the AT1 in its sole and absolute 
discretion. It therefore cannot be assumed that the perpetual AT1s will be called on a call date. Such 
AT1s are a form of permanent capital and the holder of an AT1 may not receive return of principal 
expected on a call date or indeed at any date. AT1s may also be issued with fully discretionary 
coupons and these coupons can be cancelled by either national regulators or the AT1 issuer, even 
though dividends continue to be paid to shareholders of the AT1 issuer. The cancellation of such 
coupons may not amount to an event of default; any payments so cancelled will not accumulate and 
are instead written off. 
AT1s will, in the majority of circumstances, be issued in the form of subordinated debt instruments in 
order to provide the appropriate regulatory capital treatment prior to a conversion. Accordingly, in the 
event of liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of an AT1 issuer prior to a conversion having occurred, 
the rights and claims of the holders of the AT1s, such as the Issuer, against the AT1 issuer in respect 
of or arising under the terms of the AT1s generally rank junior to the claims of all holders of 
unsubordinated obligations of the AT1 issuer. In addition, if the AT1s are converted into the AT1 
issuer’s underlying equity securities following a conversion event, each holder will be subordinated 
due to their conversion from being the holder of a debt instrument to being the holder of an equity 
instrument. Upon such an event, the securities generally rank pari passu or junior to the AT1 issuer’s 
other equity securities, depending on the AT1 issuer’s capital structure, except in circumstances 
where they embed clauses contemplating permanent write down of capital based on predetermined 
market triggers.  
As a result of these features, there is a risk that if AT1s form part of the Reference Portfolio, the value 
of the Reference Portfolio (and by extension, the Hedging Portfolio) may be adversely affected in the 
event that the AT1s are converted into equity or the principal amount of the AT1 is written down. This 
in turn may adversely affect the return Securityholders receive on their investment and 
Securityholders may be entitled to payment under the Securities that are substantially less than the 
original investment in the Securities.  
The value of AT1s is unpredictable and will be influenced by many factors including, without limitation 
(i) the creditworthiness of the AT1 issuer and/or fluctuations in such issuer’s applicable capital ratios 
which may impact on the ability of the AT1 issuer to return principal or pay coupons; (ii) supply and 
demand for the AT1s; (iii) general market conditions and available liquidity and (iv) economic, 
financial and political events that affect the issuer, its particular market or the financial markets in 
general. 
4.8 
Risks of the COVID 19 pandemic in respect of the Charged Assets 
The price and value of the Charged Assets, and/or the ability of each issuer or obligor of the Charged 
Assets to perform its obligations under the Charged Assets may be adversely affected by, amongst 
other things, the challenges in containing the COVID 19 pandemic, the consequences of such 
pandemic or a more severe global spread of the COVID 19 pandemic that could considerably slow 
economic momentum. 
5. 
Risks relating to the Counterparty and the Charged Agreement 
5.1 
Our ability to meet our obligations under the Securities depends on receipt of payments under 
the Charged Agreement
Our ability to meet our obligations under the Securities may depend on the receipt by us of payments 
under the Charged Agreement. To the extent that the Counterparty fails to make due and timely 
payment or delivery under the Charged Agreement, the security may be enforced, the Securities will 
be redeemed early and a loss of principal or a delay in payment under the Securities may result.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
Consequently, you are exposed not only to the occurrence of default in relation to the Charged Assets 
and/or the volatility in the market value of the Charged Assets, but also to the ability of the 
Counterparty to perform its obligations under the Charged Agreement.   
Default by the Counterparty may result in the termination of the Charged Agreement and, in such 
circumstance, any amount due to us upon such termination may not be paid in full. 
Your ability to recover an amount at least equal to the Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption 
Amount, as applicable, of the Securities is therefore dependent on (amongst other things) the 
termination payment (if any) payable to the Counterparty under the Charged Agreement. 
The Securities do not represent a claim against the Counterparty or any affiliate of the Counterparty 
and, in the event of any loss, you will have recourse to the proceeds of the Mortgaged Property and 
not to the Counterparty. However, you will be exposed to the credit risk of the Counterparty. 
5.2 
Risks relating to bank recovery and resolution regimes 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (Directive 2014/59/EEC, as amended, “BRRD”) 
includes measures that include giving resolution authorities power to restrict claims made against a 
party in resolution. If such measures are taken against a party against which we have a claim, we 
may be restricted from making such claim and may have insufficient assets or sums to meet our 
obligations under the  Securities, the Securities may be subject to early redemption and/or the 
payment of any redemption proceeds to you may be delayed. For example, if we are due amounts 
from the Counterparty under a Charged Agreement at a time when a resolution regime applies to the 
Counterparty, then any claims we have against the Counterparty for such amounts may be adversely 
affected by being postponed, converted into other assets or even written down to zero. 
In addition to a resolution regime affecting any Counterparty, you should be aware that the BRRD 
may also apply to the obligor of any Charged Assets in respect of the Securities and that in such 
case similar considerations to those set out above may apply. Furthermore, other resolution and 
recovery regimes, including those in specific EU member states, Switzerland, the United States and 
elsewhere, may also apply.  
The exercise by resolution authorities of their powers could prevent us from exercising termination 
rights in relation to agreements to which we are party (eg. a Charged Agreement) or could enforce a 
termination of such agreements. 
Accordingly, following an exercise of any powers by a resolution authority, we may have insufficient 
assets or sums to meet our obligations under the Securities, the Securities may be subject to early 
redemption and payment of redemption proceeds to you may be delayed. As a consequence, you 
may lose all or some of your investment (although not more than your investment). 
6. 
Risks relating to the Custodian 
6.1 
Our ability to meet its obligations under the Securities may depend on the receipt of it by 
payments from the Custodian 
Charged Assets may be held in one or more accounts account of, and in the name of, the Custodian. 
The Custodian may hold Charged Assets in accounts with a sub-custodian, a securities depository 
or a clearing system, as described in paragraphs 6.2 (Any cash deposited with, or held by, the 
Custodian for our account will be as banker) and 6.4 (Failure to pay clearing system costs may result 
in us failing to receive payments in respect of the Charged Assets) below. 
The ability of us to meet our obligations with respect to the Securities will be dependent upon receipt 
by us of payments from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement for the Securities.  
Consequently, you are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the Charged Assets, but also on

--- Page 26 ---
26 
the creditworthiness of the Custodian in respect of the performance of its obligations under the 
Custody Agreement for such Securities. 
6.2 
Any cash deposited with, or held by, the Custodian for our account will be as banker 
Any cash deposited with the Custodian by us and any cash received by the Custodian for our account 
in relation to the Securities will be held by the Custodian as banker and not as trustee and will be a 
bank deposit.  Accordingly, such cash will not be held as client money and will represent only an 
unsecured claim against the Custodian’s assets. See paragraph 4.5 (Charged Assets comprised of 
cash). 
6.3 
The Custodian may hold the Charged Assets in accounts with a sub-custodian, a securities 
depository or a clearing system 
Under the Custody Agreement, we authorise the Custodian to hold the Charged Assets in the 
Custodian’s account or accounts with any other sub-custodian, any securities depositary or at such 
other account keeper or clearing system as the Custodian deems to be appropriate for the type of 
instruments which comprise the Charged Assets. 
Where the Charged Assets are held with a sub-custodian, securities depositary or clearing system, 
our ability to meet our obligations with respect to the Securities will be dependent upon receipt by us 
of payments from the Custodian under the Custody Agreement and, in turn, the Custodian will be 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon receipt of payments from such sub-custodian, securities 
depositary or clearing system.  Consequently, you are relying not only on our creditworthiness and 
the creditworthiness of the Custodian in respect of the performance of its obligations under the 
Custody Agreement for such Securities, but also on the creditworthiness of any duly appointed sub-
custodian, securities depositary or clearing system holding the Charged Assets. 
6.4 
Failure to pay clearing system costs may result in us failing to receive payments in respect 
of the Charged Assets 
Pursuant to their terms of engagement, sub-custodians, security depositaries or clearing systems 
may have liens or rights of set-off with respect of the Charged Assets held with them in relation to 
any of their fees and/or expenses. This means such parties may be able to deduct their fees and 
expenses from the assets held by them. If, for whatever reason, the Custodian fails to pay such fees 
and/or expenses, the relevant sub-custodian, security depositary or clearing system may exercise 
such liens or right of set-off, which may result in us failing to receive any payments due to us in 
respect of the Charged Assets, and thereby adversely affecting our ability to meet our obligations 
with respect to the Securities and result in loss to you. 
6.5 
Security in respect of the Charged Assets and the Custodian may take the form of a security 
interest 
Where the Charged Assets are held by the Custodian in book entry form, the security interests 
granted in respect of such Charged Assets may take the form only of a security interest over our 
rights against the Custodian in respect of such Charged Assets, rather than a charge over the 
Charged Assets themselves. You are therefore exposed to risks in respect of the Custodian. 
It is unlikely that the Trustee will have a sufficient level of possession and control over the Charged 
Assets for the security created by the Trust Deed to be considered to be a “Financial Collateral 
Arrangement” as defined in the Financial Collateral Arrangements (No. 2) Regulations 2003, as 
amended, and therefore the rights and protections given to the charge by such regulations will likely 
not apply.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
7. 
Risks relating to the Agents and the Counterparty  
7.1 
Principal Paying Agent
Any payments made to you in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities will be 
made by the Principal Paying Agent on our behalf. Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, we will 
transfer to the Principal Paying Agent the amount due under the Securities, on or before each date 
on which such payment in respect of such Security becomes due. 
If the Principal Paying Agent, while holding funds for payment to you, is declared insolvent, you may 
not receive all (or any part) of any amounts due to you. We will have insufficient assets to make 
payments (or any part thereof) in respect of the Securities and you may not receive all, or any part, 
of any amounts due to you.  Consequently, you are relying not only on the creditworthiness of the 
Charged Assets, but also on the creditworthiness of the Principal Paying Agent in respect of the 
performance of its obligations under the Agency Agreement to make or facilitate payments to you. 
7.2 
The Calculation Agent and the Counterparty have no obligations to Securityholders 
The terms of the Securities give the Calculation Agent and/or the Counterparty (as applicable) certain 
discretions in making determinations and calculations in relation to, amongst other things, the 
occurrence of various events. All designations and calculations made by the Calculation Agent and/or 
the Counterparty (as applicable) in respect of any Securities are conclusive and binding on you. The 
Calculation Agent and/or the Counterparty (as applicable) have no obligations to you. The Calculation 
Agent is the same entity as the Counterparty. 
Where the Calculation Agent and/or the Counterparty (as applicable) (acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines that, as a result of market disruption, force majeure, systems failure 
or any other event of an analogous nature, it is unable to make a calculation or determination in the 
manner required by any Transaction Document, then the Calculation Agent and/or the Counterparty 
(as applicable) shall not be liable for failure to make such calculation or determination in the required 
manner. 
The exercise or non-exercise of any such discretion may negatively affect the value of the Securities, 
the occurrence of an early redemption of the Securities or the amount payable or deliverable in 
connection with the Securities, in circumstances which may negatively affect the Securities.  
8. 
Risks relating to Irish law and taxation 
8.1 
No gross-up 
In the event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax is required by law to be made 
from payments on the Securities, you will not be entitled to receive any additional amount to 
compensate for such withholding or deduction. The Securities may redeem early in such 
circumstances as provided in the Conditions. 
8.2 
Irish taxation position of the Issuer  
We have been advised that we should fall within the Irish regime for the taxation of qualifying 
companies as set out in Section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended) ("Section 
110"), and as such should be taxed only on the amount of its retained profit after deducting all 
amounts of interest and other revenue expenses due to be paid by us. If, for any reason, we are not 
or cease to be entitled to the benefits of Section 110 or any of its expenses are not deductible for tax 
purposes, then profits or losses could arise in us which could have tax effects not contemplated in 
the cashflows for the transaction and as such adversely affect the tax treatment of us and 
consequently the payments on the Securities.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
8.3 
EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive and EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2  
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package, and to provide a framework for a harmonised 
implementation of the base erosion and profit sharing conclusions across the European Union (“EU”), 
the EU Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (“ATAD I”) on 12 July 2016.  The EU 
Council adopted Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 (“ATAD II”) on 29 May 2017 to provide for minimum 
standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU member states and third countries. 
EU member states were required to implement ATAD I by 31 December 2018 (subject to derogations 
for EU member states which have effectively equivalent measures in their domestic law).  Ireland has 
implemented most aspects of ATAD I, though has not yet implemented the interest limitation rule.  It 
is anticipated that the interest limitation rule will be implemented into Irish law with effect from 1 
January 2022. 
EU member states were required to implement ATAD II by 31 December 2019 (except for measures 
relating to reverse hybrid mismatches, which must be implemented by 31 December 2021).  Ireland 
has already implemented the relevant provisions of ATAD II required by 31 December 2019 and will 
implement the measures relating to reverse hybrid mismatches by 31 December 2021. 
ATAD I and ATAD II contain various measures that could potentially result in certain payments made 
by us under the Securities ceasing to be fully deductible for Irish tax purposes, which may have a 
material adverse effect on the amounts available for payment to the Securityholders.  There are two 
measures of particular relevance: 

first, ATAD I provides for an interest limitation rule which restricts the deductible exceeding 
borrowing costs of a taxable entity to 30% of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation 
and amortisation.  However, the interest limitation rule only applies to the net or ‘exceeding’ 
borrowing costs of an entity (being the amount by which its borrowing costs exceed its 
taxable interest revenues and other economically equivalent taxable revenues).  The interest 
limitation rule is anticipated to be in effect in Ireland from 1 January 2022.  The exact scope 
of the interest limitation rule and its impact on the Issuer’s tax position will depend on the 
implementation of its measures in Ireland; and 

second, ATAD II provides for hybrid mismatch rules. These rules are designed to neutralise 
arrangements where amounts payable between ‘associated enterprises’ are deductible from 
the income of one entity but are not taxable for the other or the same amounts are deductible 
for two associated enterprises.  Associated for these purposes includes, broadly, direct and 
indirect participation in terms of voting rights or capital ownership of 25% or more or an 
entitlement to receive 25% or more (50% in certain circumstances) of the profits of that entity, 
as well as entities that are part of the same consolidated group for financial accounting 
purposes or entities that have a significant influence in the management of the taxpayer.  In 
this context, ‘significant influence’ means an ability to participate on the board of directors or 
other equivalent governing body of the Issuer, in the financial and operating policy decisions 
of the Issuer, including where that power does not extend to control or joint control of the 
Issuer. 
8.4 
Not a Bank Deposit 
Any investment in the Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit in Ireland and is not 
within the scope of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank. We are not and will 
not be licensed or authorised by the Central Bank by virtue of the issue of the Securities. 
8.5 
Taxation 
You will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction or governmental 
or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local taxes or other like assessment 
or charges that may be applicable to any payment to you in respect of the Securities. We will not be 
obliged to pay any additional amounts to you to reimburse you for any tax, assessment or charges 
required to be withheld or deducted from payments in respect of the Securities by us, the Trustee or

--- Page 29 ---
29 
the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar. In addition, to the extent that we suffer any tax in respect 
of its income from the Charged Assets or payments under a Charged Agreement (including the 
deduction of tax from such payments) so that it would be unable to make payment of the full amount 
payable on the Securities without recourse to further sources of income the Securities may be 
redeemed early and you may not recover all amounts invested in the Securities. We, the Arranger, 
the Portfolio Manager and their respective affiliates do not make any representation and have not 
given and will not give to any potential investor any advice concerning the appropriate accounting 
treatment or possible tax consequences of purchasing the Securities. 
9. 
Risks relating to the market and market value of the Securities 
9.1 
Market value of Securities 
The market value of the Securities will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited 
to:  

our creditworthiness; 

the value and volatility of the Charged Assets and the creditworthiness of the obligor(s) of 
Charged Assets, in relation to which please refer to paragraph 4 (Risks relating to the 
Charged Assets); 

the value and volatility of any index, securities, assets or contracts to which payments on the 
Securities may be linked, directly or indirectly, and the creditworthiness of the issuers or 
obligors in respect of any securities or other obligations to which payments on the Securities 
may be linked, directly or indirectly; 

market perception, interest rates, yields and foreign exchange rates; 

global economic, financial and political events and factors affecting capital markets generally 
and the stock exchanges (if any) on which the Securities are traded; 

the impact of the current COVID 19 pandemic on global, regional and national economies, 
supply chains or otherwise a reduction in international trade and business activity, or on the 
Counterparty or any Guarantor thereof or its business, results of operations or strategic or 
financial plans and targets, or the prices of its securities; 

the time remaining to the maturity date; and 

the nature and liquidity of the Charged Agreement and the creditworthiness of the 
Counterparty (in relation to which, please refer to paragraph 5 (Risks relating to the 
Counterparty and the Charged Agreement) or any other derivative transaction entered into 
by us or embedded in the Securities or the Charged Assets. 
You should be aware that any of the above factors may negatively affect the value of the Securities. 
In addition to this, you should be aware that not all market participants would determine prices in 
respect of the Securities in the same manner, and the variation between such prices may be 
substantial. Accordingly, any prices provided by the Arranger or any Dealer may not be 
representative of prices that may be provided by other market participants. For this reason, any price 
provided or quoted by the Arranger or any Dealer should not be viewed or relied upon by you as 
establishing, or constituting advice by the Arranger or any Dealer concerning, a mark-to-market value 
of the Securities. The price (if any) provided by the Arranger or any Dealer is at the absolute discretion 
of the Arranger or any dealer and may be determined by reference to such factors as it sees fit. Any 
such price may take into account fees, commissions or arrangements entered into by the Arranger 
or any dealer with a third party in respect of the Securities and the Arranger or any dealer shall have 
no obligation to you to disclose such arrangements. Any price given would be prepared as of a

--- Page 30 ---
30 
particular date and time and would not therefore reflect subsequent changes in market values or any 
other factors relevant to the determination of the price. 
9.2 
Limited liquidity of the Securities 
There is currently no secondary market for the Securities and a secondary market for the Securities 
is not expected to develop, or, if a secondary market does develop, that secondary market may not 
provide you with liquidity or may not continue for the life of the Securities. This means it may be 
difficult for you to sell your Securities. Consequently, you must be prepared to hold such Securities 
for an indefinite period of time or until redemption of the Securities. 
9.3 
Currency risk 
An investment in Securities denominated or payable in a currency other than the currency of your 
jurisdiction (the “Relevant Currency”), entails significant risks that are not associated with a similar 
investment in a security denominated and/or payable in the Relevant Currency. These risks include, 
but are not limited to: 

the possibility of significant market changes in rates of exchange between the Relevant 
Currency and the currency in which the Securities are denominated and/or payable; 

the possibility of significant changes in rates of exchange between the Relevant Currency 
and the currency in which the Securities are denominated and/or payable resulting from the 
official redenomination or revaluation of the currency; and 

the possibility of the imposition or modification of foreign exchange controls by either your 
jurisdiction or by foreign governments. 
The Securities may be issued in a number of currencies, and prospective investors in the Securities 
should note that these risks may impact the value of an investment in the Securities.   
9.4 
The continuing effects of the 2007-09 global financial crisis could be detrimental to us 
In response to the 2007-09 global financial crisis, various governments and central banks have taken 
measures to increase liquidity and enacted fiscal stimulus packages and measures to support certain 
entities affected by the crisis. There can be no assurance that such measures will be successful or 
what the impact of such measures, the consequence of such sustained fiscal stimulus or the 
withdrawal of such measures or stimulus will have on global economic conditions. 
The impact of these conditions resulting from the 2007-09 financial crisis and increased uncertainty 
and volatility in financial markets could be detrimental to us and could adversely affect the value and 
liquidity of its assets, the value of the Securities and our ability to meet our obligations under the 
Securities.  
9.5 
Global events have adversely affected the creditworthiness of certain financial institutions 
which may adversely affect the Securities 
The global financial crisis and its consequences have negatively affected the creditworthiness of a 
number of financial institutions, in some cases to the extent of collapse or requiring rescue from 
governments or international bodies. The value of the Securities or of the amount of payments under 
them may be negatively affected by such widespread credit deterioration of such financial institutions 
or governments. You should note that recoveries on assets of affected entities have in some cases 
been minimal.  If such valuation were to affect the obligors of the Charged Assets or the Counterparty, 
the Custodian, the Issue Agent or the Principal Paying Agent, for example, the value of the Securities 
would be adversely affected.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
9.6 
Impact on valuations and calculations 
Since the events outlined above took place, actively traded markets for a number of asset classes 
and obligors either have ceased to exist or have reduced significantly.  To the extent that valuations 
or calculations in respect of instruments related to those asset classes were based on quoted market 
prices or market inputs, the lack or limited availability of such market prices or inputs has significantly 
impaired the ability to make accurate valuations or calculations in respect of such instruments. No 
assurance can be given that similar impairment may not occur in the future.  
Furthermore, in a number of asset classes, a significant reliance has historically been placed on 
valuations derived from models that use inputs that are not observable in the markets and/or that are 
based on historical data and trends.  Such models often rely on certain assumptions about the values 
or behaviour of such unobservable inputs or about the behaviour of the markets generally or 
interpolate future outcomes from historical data. In a number of cases, the extent of the market 
volatility and disruption has resulted in the assumptions being incorrect to a significant degree or in 
extreme departures from historical trends.  Where reliance is placed on historical data, in certain 
instances such data may only be available for relatively short time periods (for example, data with 
respect to prices in relatively new markets) and such data may not be as statistically representative 
as data for longer periods.  
You should be aware of the risks inherent in any valuation or calculation that is determined by 
reference to a model and that certain assumptions will be made in operating the model which may 
prove to be incorrect and give rise to significantly different outcomes to those predicted by the model.  
9.7 
Impact of increased regulation and nationalisation  
The events outlined above have seen increased involvement of governmental and regulatory 
authorities in the financial sector and in the operation of financial institutions.  In particular, 
governmental and regulatory authorities in a number of jurisdictions have imposed stricter regulatory 
controls around certain financial activities and/or have indicated that they intend to impose such 
controls in the future. The United States of America, the European Union and other jurisdictions are 
actively considering or are in the process of implementing various reform measures. Such regulatory 
changes and the method of their implementation may have a significant impact on the operation of 
the financial markets. It is uncertain how a changed regulatory environment will affect us, the 
treatment of instruments such as the Securities, the Arranger, the Counterparty and the other 
transaction parties. In addition, governments have shown an increased willingness, wholly or 
partially, to nationalise financial institutions, corporates and other entities in order to support the 
economy. Such nationalisation may impact adversely on the value of the stock or other obligations 
of any such entity. In addition, in order to effect such nationalisation, existing obligations or stock 
might have their terms mandatorily amended or be forcibly redeemed. To the extent that the obligors 
of the Charged Assets (or any guarantor or credit support provider in respect thereof), we, the 
Counterparty or any other person or entity connected with the Securities are subject to nationalisation 
or other government intervention, it may have an adverse effect on you. 
If there is a change in the regulatory environment, or either we or the Counterparty reasonably 
anticipates an imminent change in the regulatory environment, likely to have or having (as the case 
may be) the effect of altering the our or the Counterparty’s compliance requirements in respect of the 
Securities and/or the Charged Agreement, the Securities may redeem early at the Early Redemption 
Amount in the circumstances set out in Condition 7(b)(4). 
9.8 
Systemic risk 
Financial institutions and other significant participants in the financial markets that deal with each 
other are interrelated as a result of trading, investment, clearing, counterparty and other relationships.  
This risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic risk". Financial institutions such as us, the Arranger, 
the Counterparty, the Custodian and the Agents (or any affiliate of any of them) and any obligors of 
the Charged Assets (or any guarantor or credit support provider in respect thereof) that are financial 
institutions or are significant participants in the financial markets are likely routinely to execute a high

--- Page 32 ---
32 
volume of transactions with various types of counterparties, including brokers and dealers, 
commercial banks, investment banks, insurers, mutual and hedge funds; and institutional clients. To 
the extent they do so, they are and will continue to be exposed to the risk of loss if counterparties fail 
or are otherwise unable to meet their obligations. In addition, a default by a financial institution or 
other significant participant in the financial markets, or concerns about the ability of a financial 
institution or other significant participant in the financial markets to meet its obligations, could lead to 
further significant systemic liquidity problems and other problems that could exacerbate the global 
financial crisis and, as such, have a material adverse impact on other entities. Your exposure to the 
Counterparty, the Custodians and Agents means that you should be aware of the systemic risk to 
such financial institutions. 
9.9 
The UK’s departure from the European Union (“EU”)  
Pursuant to the European Referendum Act 2015, a referendum on the United Kingdom’s membership 
of the EU (the “UK’s EU Referendum”) was held on 23 June 2016 with the majority voting to leave 
the EU. On 29 March 2017, the UK Government exercised its right under Article 50 of the Lisbon 
Treaty to leave the EU. Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty envisages a two-year timeframe for negotiating 
a withdrawal from the EU and after a number of deadline extensions the UK left the European Union 
on 31 January 2020 (“Exit Day”).  
On Exit Day, the Agreement on the withdrawal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern 
Ireland from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community (the “Withdrawal 
Agreement”) entered into force which provides for, among other things, a transitional/implementation 
period (the “Transitional Period”)  which ended at 11:00 pm (London time) 31 December 2020 
(defined as the “IP completion day” in the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020 
implementing the Withdrawal Agreement into UK law). The Withdrawal Agreement does not in 
general address the relationship between the EU and the UK after the IP completion day. 
The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement (the “TCA”) was ratified at the end of 2020 and has 
provisionally applied since January 2021 when the transition period ended. It is not yet certain how 
the TCA will operate in practice and there remains a degree of continuing political, economic and 
legal uncertainty as regards the structure of the future relationship. The precise impact on the 
business of the Issuer is difficult to determine. As such, no assurance can be given that such matters 
would not adversely affect the ability of the Issuer (and the other parties under the Programme) to 
satisfy its obligations under the Securities and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Securities 
in the secondary market. 
Previously, under the EU single market directives, mutual access rights to markets and market 
infrastructure exist across the EU and the mutual recognition of insolvency, bank recovery and 
resolution regimes applies. The TCA does not cater for financial services and is unclear what any 
future agreement with respect to financial services will include. Such uncertainty could adversely 
impact the Issuer and, in particular, the ability of third parties to provide services to the Issuer, and 
could affect the value of the Securities. 
9.10 
Imposition of liquidation or resolution proceedings or protective measures against UBS  
Under the Swiss Banking Act, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”) is able to 
exercise broad statutory powers with respect to Swiss banks and Swiss parent companies of financial 
groups, such as UBS AG, if there is justified concern that the entity is over-indebted, has serious 
liquidity problems or, after the expiration of any relevant deadline, no longer fulfils capital adequacy 
requirements. Such powers include: (i) ordering protective measures, (ii) instituting restructuring 
proceedings and exercising any resolution powers in connection therewith, including, without 
limitation, the power to stay for a maximum of two business days the termination of, or the exercise 
of rights to terminate, netting rights, rights to enforce or dispose of certain types of collateral or rights 
to transfer claims, liabilities or certain collateral, under contracts to which the entity subject to 
proceedings is a party (the "Swiss Stay"), and (iii) instituting liquidation proceedings. If we have 
entered into a Charged Agreement and/or Securities Lending Agreement with UBS AG or any other 
UBS group entity whose obligations are guaranteed by UBS AG (a “Relevant UBS Entity”) then, we

--- Page 33 ---
33 
will contractually accept FINMA’s power to impose the Swiss Stay in the relevant agreement. 
Exercise by FINMA of any of the foregoing powers may: (A) prevent the Relevant UBS Entity (in its 
capacity as counterparty to a Charged Agreement and/or Securities Lending Agreement) making 
payments to us under the relevant agreement or (B) delay our ability to terminate the relevant 
agreement for a maximum of two business days. This may result, in turn, in a delay in us making 
payments to you in respect of the Securities and/or a reduction in amounts available for distribution 
to you. We would have no right under Swiss law or in the Swiss courts to reject, seek the suspension 
of, or challenge the imposition of any such measures or any exercise of such powers by FINMA. We 
would have only limited rights to challenge any decision to exercise the statutory powers or to have 
that decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
9.11 
COVID-19 
The continued widespread COVID-19 pandemic and the governmental measures taken to contain it 
have adversely affected, and will likely continue to adversely affect, global economic conditions, 
resulting in meaningful contraction in the global economy, substantial volatility in the financial 
markets, increased unemployment, increased credit and counterparty risk, and operational 
challenges, such as the temporary closures of businesses, sheltering-in-place directives and 
increased remote work protocols. Governments and central banks around the world have reacted to 
the economic crisis caused by the pandemic by implementing stimulus and liquidity programs and 
cutting interest rates. While these programs have had initial success in mitigating the economic 
consequences of the pandemic, it is unclear whether these or future actions will be successful in 
countering the economic disruption caused by the pandemic. If the pandemic is prolonged, vaccine 
distribution is delayed, or available vaccines prove ineffective against evolving strains of the 
coronavirus, or the actions of governments and central banks are unsuccessful, the adverse impact 
on the global economy will deepen, the Counterparty’s results of operations and financial condition 
in future quarters may be adversely affected. 
COVID-19 and related lockdown measures have significantly impacted major economies across the 
world. Uncertainties are still at a high level, making predictions difficult. The COVID-19 pandemic has 
affected all of the Counterparty’s businesses, and these effects could be greater in the future if 
adverse conditions persist or worsen. These effects have included declines in some asset prices, 
spikes in volatility, lower or negative interest rates, widening of credit spreads and credit deterioration. 
These effects have resulted in decreases in the valuation of loans and commitments, an increase in 
the allowance for credit losses and lower valuations of certain classes of trading assets. While these 
effects were offset by high levels of client activity in 2020 and a rebound in asset prices in some 
sectors, this level of activity may not persist. 
Should these global market conditions continue or worsen, or the pandemic lead to additional market 
disruptions, UBS AG may experience reduced client activity and demand for its products and 
services, increased utilization of lending commitments, significantly increased client defaults, 
continued and increasing credit and valuation losses in its loan portfolios, loan commitments and 
other assets, and impairments of other financial assets. Declines in interest rates have decreased 
net interest margins and such declines may continue to sharpen. A decline in invested assets would 
also reduce recurring fee income in UBS's Global Wealth Management and Asset Management 
businesses. These factors and other consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively affect 
UBS AG's (and therefore the Counterparty’s) financial condition, including possible constraints on 
capital and liquidity, as well as a higher cost of capital, and possible changes or downgrades to credit 
ratings. 
The extent to which the pandemic, and the related economic distress, affect the Counterparty's 
businesses, results of operations and financial condition, as well as its regulatory capital and liquidity 
ratios, will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, 
including the scope and duration of the pandemic and any recovery period, future actions taken by 
governmental authorities, central banks and other third parties in response to the pandemic, and the 
effects on the Counterparty's customers, counterparties, employees and third-party service 
providers.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Given the scenario described above, you should be aware that the COVID-19 pandemic may 
negatively affect the Counterparty's financial condition, as well as its ability to perform its obligations 
under the Charged Agreement, which may impact payments you receive under the Securities as 
described in more detail in the Risk Factor 4.8 entitled “Risks of the COVID 19 pandemic in respect 
of the Charged Assets”. 
10. 
Risks relating to certain features of the Securities 
Capitalised terms used but not defined in this section have the meanings given to them in Annex One 
(Participation Securities Product Annex) which is included in this Base Prospectus at pages 224 to 
251 below, and in the Issue Terms, which are included in this Base Prospectus at pages 77 to 103 
below.
10.1 
The Reference Portfolio 
Nature of the Reference Portfolio  
At any time the Reference Portfolio will comprise a portfolio of equities, corporate bonds, foreign 
exchange, derivatives or cash in various currencies. There are specific risks in an investment in 
Securities where the return is linked to the performance of certain asset classes, as outlined in 
paragraph 4.7 (Additional risks relating to certain asset classes). The Reference Portfolio is described 
as a synthetic investment as the assets comprising the Reference Portfolio are not physical assets 
which are contractually required to be acquired and held by us. 
The Portfolio Manager has created and maintains the Reference Portfolio by selecting the initial 
eligible constituents and their weightings and thereafter actively managing and maintaining the 
Reference Portfolio, which may include Rebalancing the Reference Portfolio, i.e. changing the 
weightings of the constituents, removing existing constituents and selecting new eligible constituents, 
in its reasonable discretion. The Reference Portfolio will initially comprise 100% EUR cash as of the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of Securities, and thereafter is expected to consist of equities, 
corporate bonds, foreign exchange, derivatives or cash in various currencies. 
Amounts payable on redemption of the Securities are generally determined by reference to the 
performance of the Reference Portfolio over a specific time. Accordingly, you will be reliant on the 
Reference Portfolio performing positively between issuance and redemption of the Securities. 
Generally if the value of the Reference Portfolio increases, you will receive a positive return on your 
investment and if the value of the Reference Portfolio decreases you will receive a negative return 
on your investment. 
The performance of the Securities is dependent upon several factors, including market conditions, 
fluctuations in interest rates or currencies, the Reference Portfolio Investment Universes, the 
Constituent Investment Universe Criteria, and the expertise of the Portfolio Manager in analysing, 
selecting and acting (including disposing of such investments at a profit) in respect of eligible 
constituents in the Reference Portfolio. As part of its investigation and analysis regarding the 
Securities, Securityholders should make a full investigation into the experience, skills and ability of 
the Portfolio Manager, as well as its past performance and key employees, and should be aware of 
the potential impact on the return and performance of the Securities should the Portfolio Manager 
default, resign or otherwise cease to act in its intended capacity in respect of the Securities. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Portfolio Manager does not guarantee or otherwise assume any 
responsibility for the performance of the Securities. The Securities do not represent a complete single 
investment programme and investments in the Securities should represent only a portion of a 
Securityholder’s portfolio management strategy. 
None of us, the Trustee, the Counterparty, the Arranger, the Portfolio Manager or any of the Agents 
or any affiliate or employee thereof makes any representation or warranty with respect to the 
performance of the Reference Portfolio or the economic success or lack of success of an investment 
in the Securities.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Liquidity in the Reference Portfolio 
Securityholders should be aware that the Reference Portfolio may consist, amongst other 
constituents, of corporate bonds and equities which, in respect of equities shall and with respect to 
corporate bonds may, in particular, constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital Securities which are, in the 
majority of circumstances, subordinated instruments which terms allow for principal amount of such 
instruments to be written down or converted to equity (including upon certain solvency triggers in 
respect of the issuers of such instruments). 
Under certain circumstances (particularly in stressed or volatile market conditions, or where an event 
occurs which triggers the need to realise the entire, or a significant proportion of the Reference 
Portfolio (and by extension, the Hedging Portfolio and Charged Assets) it may not be possible to sell 
some or all of the corporate bonds (including AT1 Bonds) or AT1 Shares in the secondary market at 
theoretical market value or at all. 
Emerging markets risk 
At any time, the Reference Portfolio may comprise (partly or entirely) securities issued by emerging 
market entities (including sovereign issuers).  Securities of this type involve certain systemic and 
other risks and special considerations which include (but are not necessarily limited to) the risks 
outlined in respect of the Charged Assets in paragraph 4.4 (Charged Assets in emerging markets 
gives rise to particular risks) above. 
Other risks and special considerations include, but are not limited to, risks associated with high rates 
of inflation and interest and other economic uncertainties, currency devaluations, political and social 
uncertainties, less rigorous regulatory and accounting standards than those in countries with more 
highly developed economies and securities markets, exchange control regulations, a history of 
government and private sector debt defaults, significant government influence on the economy and 
relatively less developed financial and market systems. 
Market Disruption 
The Reference Portfolio Constituents will be valued in accordance with the procedures described in 
the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Description of the Portfolio Management Agreement”. 
In the event that a Reference Portfolio Constituent cannot be valued as a result of a market disruption 
event (which includes a trading disruption, an exchange disruption and an early closure of the 
relevant exchange with respect to such Reference Portfolio Constituent), you may be exposed to a 
delay in the redemption of the Securities and/or a change in value of the relevant Reference Portfolio 
Constituent as a result of such market disruption event.   
10.2 
Risks relating to the management of the Reference Portfolio by the Portfolio Manager 
The Reference Portfolio and the exposure to the Portfolio Manager  
The Portfolio Manager will manage the Reference Portfolio by selecting Reference Portfolio 
Constituents (i.e. the assets that comprise the Reference Portfolio) and their weightings. The Portfolio 
Manager will monitor and actively manage the Reference Portfolio by removing existing Reference 
Portfolio Constituents and selecting new Eligible Constituents (i.e. the assets that may be added to 
the Reference Portfolio in accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement and the relevant 
Pricing Document) to be added to the Reference Portfolio or changing the weightings of the existing 
Reference Portfolio Constituents. This is called a Rebalancing. Please refer to the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled “Description of the Portfolio Management Agreement”.  
The value of the Reference Portfolio, and consequently the amount of any redemption proceeds you 
may receive in respect of the Securities, depends on the skills of the Portfolio Manager in analysing,

--- Page 36 ---
36 
selecting, Rebalancing and managing the Reference Portfolio. Consequently, you should ensure you 
have made full investigation into the experience, skills and ability of the Portfolio Manager. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Portfolio Manager does not guarantee or otherwise assume any 
responsibility for the performance of the Securities. You should be aware that none of us, the Trustee, 
the Counterparty, the Arranger or any of the Agents or any affiliate or employee thereof, is required 
to, or will, monitor the performance of the Reference Portfolio. None of the parties listed make any 
representation as to the skills or ability of the Portfolio Manager and no such party has performed 
any diligence on the Portfolio Manager. 
Additionally, if at any time the Broker and/or the Counterparty determine that any change in the 
composition of the Reference Portfolio as proposed by the Portfolio Manager concerns an asset 
which is subject to Sanctions or that the purchase or acquisition of exposure to such asset would 
contravene their internal policies, or cannot be executed due to settlement restrictions imposed by 
any relevant clearing/settlement systems, the composition of the Reference Portfolio shall not be 
changed with respect to such asset. Please refer to the section of this Base Prospectus entitled 
“Description of the Portfolio Management Agreement”. 
Specified Request 
The Portfolio Manager, for the purposes of managing the Reference Portfolio, may make a Specified 
Request with respect to a purchase or liquidation of the Reference Portfolio which will result in the 
Issuer (or the Broker on its behalf) entering with a Specified Request Hedging Broker (that is identical 
to the Specified Request Notional Broker specified in the Specified Request) into transactions to 
purchase, subscribe for or sell assets to ensure that the Hedging Portfolio has an economically 
equivalent composition as the Reference Portfolio. Any Specified Request Notional Broker specified 
by the Portfolio Manager will be from a list pre-agreed between the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager and 
the Calculation Agent. If the Specified Request Hedging Broker fails to perform its obligations under 
such transaction, the composition of the Hedging Portfolio shall not be changed with respect to such 
asset and the transaction parties shall have to agree alternative arrangements and there is no 
guarantee that the Hedging Portfolio will have an economically equivalent composition as the 
Reference Portfolio until such alternative arrangement is made. 
None of the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Arranger or any affiliate or 
employee thereof makes any representation or warranty with respect to the performance of the 
Specified Request Hedging Broker under a transaction specified in a Specified Request.  
Deduction of Fees and Costs 
Certain fees and other costs are payable to the Portfolio Manager, the Broker, the Counterparty, the 
Arranger and a Specified Request Hedging Broker (if applicable) in connection with the transactions 
related to the Reference Portfolio, as described in further detail in the Conditions and the Transaction 
Documents. Such fees and costs will be payable from cash comprised in the Reference Portfolio and 
will consequently reduce the value of the Reference Portfolio. 
Prospective investors should be aware that deduction of fees and costs in this manner results in a 
risk that an investment in the Securities may perform differently to, and worse than, a direct 
investment in the assets comprising the Reference Portfolio. 
10.3 
Maturity Date Extension 
We, with the agreement of the Counterparty and the Portfolio Manager may extend the Scheduled 
Maturity Date of the Securities one or more times. The Scheduled Maturity Date may not be extended 
beyond the Final Scheduled Maturity Date specified in the Issue Terms, which may fall a number of 
years after the Scheduled Maturity Date, resulting in the redemption of the Securities occurring

--- Page 37 ---
37 
significantly later than the Scheduled Maturity Date. Following any proposed extension of the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, you will have the option to redeem your securities in full. 
You should be aware that there may be no secondary market in respect of the Securities and that 
you may only be able to realise your investment by exercising your option to redeem your securities 
in full at the Optional Redemption Amount determined in accordance with Participation Securities 
Condition 5 (Redemption at the option of the Securityholders), or by separately selling the Securities 
to the Arranger, at a price that may not reflect the performance of the Reference Portfolio and that 
may be lower than the market value of the Securities. Accordingly, you may suffer a significant, and 
potentially complete, loss on your investment in the Securities. 
11. 
Risks relating to regulatory change 
11.1 
Redemption of Securities following a Regulatory Event  
A Regulatory Event occurs if there is an implementation or adoption of or change in any applicable 
law regulation or regulatory guidance which would have the effect of altering the compliance, 
regulatory and/or tax treatment of the Securities and/or the Charged Agreement in a manner which: 

materially increases the regulatory burden; 

has a material adverse effect, 
in each case on the Counterparty and/or us, in relation to the Securities and/or the Charged 
Agreement or generally which will result in there being a reasonable likelihood of it becoming 
unlawful, unduly onerous, impossible or impracticable for us to maintain the Securities and/or the 
Programme, or the Company generally to maintain any other Securities issued under the 
Programme, or for a party to perform its duties relating to the Securities.  
As described above, the definition of Regulatory Event is not prescriptive, and it does not include an 
exhaustive list of the types of risks that may be captured; such risks may be significant in a period of 
extensive regulatory change. Accordingly, it will fall within the Calculation Agent’s  discretion to 
determine whether a particular set of circumstances qualifies as a Regulatory Event. For a non-
exhaustive list of risks that may constitute a Regulatory Event, please see paragraphs 11.2 (U.S. 
Dodd-Frank Act) to 11.4 (European Market Infrastructure Regulation) below. If the Calculation Agent 
determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred, the Securities shall become due and repayable 
and you will receive the Early Redemption Amount. The Early Redemption Amount you will receive 
will be calculated in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and may be less than the amount 
you have invested. 
11.2 
U.S. Dodd-Frank Act 
Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, enacted 21 July 2010 
(“Dodd-Frank”), establishes a comprehensive U.S. regulatory regime for a broad range of derivatives 
contracts (collectively referred to in this risk factor as “covered swaps”). Among other things, Title VII 
provides the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission and the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission with jurisdiction and regulatory authority over many different types of derivatives that 
were previously traded over the counter, requires the establishment of a comprehensive registration 
and regulatory framework applicable to covered swap dealers and other major market participants, 
requires many types of covered swaps to be exchange-traded or executed on swap execution 
facilities and centrally cleared, and contemplates the imposition of capital requirements and margin 
requirements for uncleared transactions in covered swaps. 
Investors should be aware of the risk that the requirements of Dodd-Frank may result in the Securities 
being redeemed early at the Early Redemption Amount in the circumstances set out in Condition 
7(b)(4). 
11.3 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive

--- Page 38 ---
38 
EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (“AIFMD”) came into force on 
21 July 2011 and the requirements thereunder were broadly implemented into the national laws of 
the Member States of the European Union by 22 July 2013.  
AIFMD provides, amongst other things, that all alternative investment funds (“AIFs”) must have a 
designated alternative investment fund manager (“AIFM”) with responsibility for portfolio and risk 
management. It requires, amongst other things, an AIFM to be appropriately authorised and to 
comply with certain operating conditions, transparency requirements, and marketing rules in relation 
to the marketing of AIFs.  If we were deemed to be an AIFM or if any of the Securities were deemed 
to be units or shares in an AIF, then it would need to ensure that it was in compliance with the 
requirements of AIFMD. 
Investors should therefore be aware of the risk that the requirements of AIFMD (as implemented in 
EU Member States) may result in the Securities being redeemed early at the Early Redemption 
Amount in the circumstances set out in Condition 7(b)(4). 
Given the material and presently unknown extent of the risks which may affect the Securities as a 
consequence of the implementation of AIFMD, potential investors in the Securities should take 
independent advice and make an independent assessment about such risks in the context of any 
potential investment decision with respect to the Securities. 
11.4 
European Market Infrastructure Regulation 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and Council on OTC derivatives, central 
counterparties and trade repositories dated 4 July 2012 came into force on 16 August 2012, and was 
subsequently amended by Regulation (EU) No 2019/834 (“EMIR”). EMIR and the various delegated 
regulations and technical standards made under it impose certain obligations on parties to derivative 
contracts according to whether they are “financial counterparties”, such as European investment 
firms, alternative investment funds, certain credit institutions and insurance companies, or other 
entities which are “non-financial counterparties” (or third country entities equivalent to “financial 
counterparties” or “non-financial counterparties”). 
EMIR establishes certain requirements for OTC derivatives contracts including mandatory clearing 
obligations, risk-management requirements (including the exchange of margin) and reporting 
requirements. These requirements are subject to phased implementation. Investors should be aware 
that certain currently applicable requirements of EMIR impose obligations on us to the extent we 
enter into derivative transactions, and future requirements of EMIR may impose further obligations 
on us directly or indirectly. 
Certain financial counterparties and certain non-financial counterparties are subject to an obligation 
to clear through a duly authorised or recognised central counterparty all “eligible” OTC derivative 
contracts entered into with other counterparties subject to the clearing obligation. All financial 
counterparties and non-financial counterparties must also undertake certain risk-mitigation 
techniques in respect of OTC derivative contracts which are not cleared by a central counterparty 
such as timely confirmation of terms, portfolio reconciliation and compression and the implementation 
of dispute resolution procedures. Non-cleared OTC derivatives entered into by financial 
counterparties and certain non-financial counterparties must also exchange margin.  Non-financial 
counterparties are exempted from the clearing obligation and certain of the additional risk mitigation 
obligations (such as the exchange of margin) provided the gross notional value of certain derivative 
contracts entered into by the non-financial counterparty and other non-financial counterparties within 
its “group”, excluding eligible hedging transactions, do not exceed certain thresholds (set per asset 
class of OTC derivatives). Financial  counterparties are exempted from the clearing obligation 
provided the gross notional value of certain derivative contracts entered into by the financial 
counterparty and other financial counterparties or non-financial counterparties  within its “group” do 
not exceed certain thresholds (set per asset class of OTC derivatives). 
Where we enter into a derivative contract with a financial counterparty established in the European 
Economic Area, the financial counterparty will be solely responsible for reporting on our behalf 
although practically we will need to provide certain information to the counterparty to report. Where

--- Page 39 ---
39 
the counterparty is a third country entity but would be a financial counterparty if it were established 
in the European Economic Area and its home jurisdiction meets certain conditions then no report is 
required. 
Investors should, in particular, be aware that should we be required under EMIR to modify the terms 
of any derivative transaction into which it enters, there is a risk that this may materially increase the 
costs associated with such derivative transaction or any replacement derivative transaction. This is 
a particular risk should any derivative transaction into which we enter become subject to (i) the 
requirement to exchange margin with the Counterparty to such transaction, which forms a part of the 
risk-management requirements, or (ii) to mandatory clearing. Irrespective of becoming subject to 
such requirements or obligations, we may in any event have to bear certain costs or fees arising out 
of steps we are required to take to comply with the requirements of EMIR. Investors should therefore 
be aware of the risk that the requirements of EMIR may result in the early redemption of the 
Securities.  
Investors should be aware that we will be required to report the details of any derivative transaction 
into which we enter to a ‘trade repository’ and/or to regulatory authorities as a consequence of the 
requirements of the trade reporting obligation under EMIR.   
11.5 
The Benchmark Regulation 
The Benchmark Regulation referred to below shall mean Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the 
“Benchmark Regulation”). 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including the London Interbank 
Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and the euro interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") are the subject of national 
and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already 
effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Securities linked 
to or referencing such a “benchmark”. The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the 
European Union. The Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of domestic law in the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK BMR” together with the Benchmarks 
Regulation, the “Benchmarks Regulations”)) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the UK. Among other 
things, the Benchmarks Regulations (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if not based in the European Union or the UK, to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by European Union supervised 
entities of “benchmarks” provided by administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if not 
based in the European Union or the UK, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulations could have a material impact on any Securities linked to or referencing 
a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in 
order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulations. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the “benchmark”. 
In addition, the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) may 
cause early redemption, cancellation or adjustment of the Securities and an adjustment to the related 
Charged Agreement (if any). An Administrator/Benchmark Event may occur in any of the following 
circumstances: (i) if a benchmark is changed or cancelled, (ii) the relevant authorisation, registration, 
recognition, endorsement, equivalence or approval in respect of the benchmark or the administrator 
of the benchmark is not obtained, (iii) an application for authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register is rejected, (iv) any 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended 
or inclusion in any official register is withdrawn or (v) (a) (unless specified as not applicable in the 
Pricing Document), the administrator of the benchmark makes a public statement that it has ceased

--- Page 40 ---
40 
publishing such benchmark permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so at a specified 
future date, (b) (unless specified as not applicable in the Pricing Document) the supervisor of such 
administrator makes a public statement that the relevant benchmark will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued at a specified future date, (c) if specified as applicable in the Pricing 
Document, the supervisor of the administrator of such benchmark makes a public statement that, in 
its view, such benchmark is or will be, at a specified future date, no longer representative of an 
underlying market or the methodology to calculate such benchmark has materially changed, (d) if 
specified as applicable in the Pricing Document, the supervisor of the administrator makes a public 
statement as a result of which the relevant Benchmark will be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case with effect from a specified 
future date, or (e) if specified as applicable in the Pricing Document, it has or will, within the following 
six months, become unlawful for the Calculation Agent or Issuer to calculate any payments due on 
the Securities using the relevant benchmark. In relation to (v)(a), (b), (c) and (d), and unless otherwise 
specified in the Pricing Document, if the specified future date is more than six months from the date 
of the public statement, the Administrator/Benchmark event will occur six months prior to that 
specified future date. 
On 5 March 2021, the UK Financial Conduct Authority announced that all LIBOR settings will either 
cease to be provided by the administrator, or will no longer be representative, immediately after the 
following dates: (a) 31 December 2021: for all tenors of euro LIBOR, Swiss franc LIBOR, Japanese 
yen LIBOR, Sterling LIBOR, and the 1-week and 2 month US dollar LIBOR, and (b) 30 June 2023: 
for the overnight, 1, 3, 6 and 12-month US dollar LIBOR. This means, if the event described in 
paragraph (c) in the preceding paragraph is applicable and any Securities reference LIBOR, an 
Administrator / Benchmark Event may have already arisen in respect of all LIBOR tenors in all 
available currencies (or will arise 6 months prior to the specified date of cessation of that tenor).  
In the event that the Securities are early redeemed as a result of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, 
the proceeds of sale or realisation of the relevant Charged Assets and/or the proceeds of termination 
of any Charged Agreement, as applicable, may not be sufficient to fund in full the amount payable in 
respect of each Security in connection with early redemption as a result of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, where such an amount is calculated in accordance with Condition 
7(e) or the applicable Pricing Document, and you may receive a return significantly less than your 
initial investment (or even zero). 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of "benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants (or prohibit a 
particular market participant) from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; (ii) 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” and/or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes 
as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Securities linked to or referencing a 
“benchmark” and we may be entitled to redeem the Securities prior to their scheduled maturity date 
or to require the Calculation Agent to make corresponding adjustments to the Conditions and 
adjustments to the related Charged Agreement (if any). 
As of 1 January 2021, following the end of the transition period in respect of the UK’s departure from 
the EU, UK administrators have been deleted from the ESMA register and the Benchmark Regulation 
no longer apply to UK benchmark administrators. UK administrators that were originally included in 
the ESMA register as EU administrators are now categorised as third country administrators (for 
which the Benchmark Regulation foresees different regimes for inclusion in the ESMA register, being 
equivalence, recognition or endorsement). EU supervised entities can until 31 December 2023 
continue to use third country UK benchmarks even if they are not included in the ESMA register. 
Subject to the applicable transitional provisions, if, for any reason a UK administrator of a Benchmark 
used by the Issuer fails to achieve authorisation in the EU via the means of equivalence, recognition 
or endorsement, the ability of the Issuer or any supervised entities in the EU to use such a benchmark 
would be restricted.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
You should consult your own independent advisers and make your own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms in making any investment decision 
with respect to any Securities linked to, or referencing, a “benchmark”. 
11.6 
Risk of the application of the Volcker Rule 
Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, known as the "Volcker Rule", and its final implementing 
regulations restrict the ability of a banking entity to engage in proprietary trading or to acquire or 
retain an ownership interest in, sponsor, or engage in certain transactions with certain private funds 
(referred to in this Base Prospectus as "covered funds").  
Under the Volcker Rule, even if an exception allows a banking entity to sponsor or invest in a covered 
fund, the banking entity may be prohibited from entering into certain “covered transactions” with that 
covered fund. Covered transactions include (among other things) entering into a swap transaction if 
the swap would result in a credit exposure to the covered fund. 
If we are considered a covered fund and if any affiliate of the Counterparty is deemed to be a 
“sponsor” of us, the Counterparty could be prohibited from entering into the Swap Agreement with 
us, which could have material adverse effects on the Securities. In such circumstances, the Securities 
may be redeemed early at the Early Redemption Amount in the circumstances set out in Condition 
7(b)(4). 
Alternatively, we might incur additional costs in seeking a new counterparty in order to maintain the 
payment characteristics of the Securities, although there is no guarantee that we would be able to 
find such counterparty. Such costs could materially and adversely affect the value of and any return 
on the Securities. If we are considered a covered fund, the liquidity of the market for the Securities 
may be materially and adversely affected, since banking entities could be prohibited from, or face 
restrictions in, investing in the Securities. This could make it difficult or impossible for you to sell the 
Securities or it could materially and adversely affect their market value. 
11.7 
Risks relating to the application of the United States commodity pool regulation to us 
The CFTC has rescinded the rule which formerly provided an exemption from registration as a 
"commodity pool operator" (a "CPO") and a "commodity trading advisor" ("CTA") under the CEA, in 
respect of certain transactions. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act expanded the definition of a 
"commodity pool" to include any form of enterprise operated for the purpose of trading in commodity 
interests, including swaps. We have imposed certain restrictions on sales in order to fall outside of 
the scope of the Dodd-Frank Act. However, if we were deemed to be a "commodity pool", then both 
the CPO and the CTA of us would be required to register as such with the CFTC and the National 
Futures Association by the initial offering date of the Securities. While there remain certain limited 
exemptions from registration, it is unclear whether and to what extent any of these exemptions would 
be available to avoid registration with respect to us. In addition, if we were deemed to be a 
"commodity pool", we would have to comply with a number of reporting requirements that are 
designed to apply to traded commodity pools. It is presently unclear how a special purpose entity 
such as us could comply with certain of these reporting requirements on an ongoing basis. Such 
registration and other requirements would involve material ongoing costs to us. In addition, if we were 
deemed to be a "commodity pool" this might have adverse consequences for the Counterparty and/or 
Arranger, or for the Trustee. 
In such circumstance, the Calculation Agent would be likely to determine that a Regulatory Event 
had occurred. See paragraph 11.1 (Redemption of Securities following a Regulatory Event) above.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
11.8 
Compounding of risks 
Investors should be aware that more than one risk factor may have simultaneous effect with regard 
to the Securities, such that the effect of a particular risk factor may not be predictable. In addition, 
more than one risk factor may have a compounding effect which may not be predictable. No 
assurance can be given as to the effect that any combination of risk factors may have on the value 
of the Securities. 
You should ensure that you fully understands the nature of the transaction into which you are 
entering and the nature and extent of your exposure to the risk of loss of all or a substantial part of 
your investment. In particular, you should ensure that you read and fully understand the sections of 
the Terms and Conditions entitled “Terms and Conditions of the Securities – Security” and “Terms 
and Conditions of the Securities – Enforcement and Limited Recourse”.
THE CONSIDERATIONS SET OUT ABOVE ARE NOT, AND ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE, A 
COMPREHENSIVE LIST OF ALL CONSIDERATIONS RELEVANT TO A DECISION TO PURCHASE OR 
HOLD ANY SECURITIES.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
This part of this Base Prospectus is intended to answer some of the questions which you may have when 
considering an investment in the Securities. However, any decision to invest in Securities should only be 
made after you have carefully considered all relevant sections of this Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Pricing Document and consulted with your financial and other professional advisors. You should make your 
own independent investigation of our financial condition and affairs, and your own appraisal of our 
creditworthiness. This section is not intended to be a substitute for or a complete summary of the Conditions, 
as completed by the Final Terms (in the case of Non-exempt Offers) or the Pricing Terms (in the case of 
Exempt Offers) in respect of each Tranche. 
This part begins with a section explaining the general features of the Securities issued under the Programme. 
There is then a separate section which explains certain features which only apply to the Securities described 
in this Base Prospectus. You should therefore read the “General” section, followed by the “Participation 
Securities” section and the  “Actively Managed Securities” section when considering investing in these 
Securities. 
Capitalised terms shall have the meanings given to them in the Conditions. 
GENERAL 
This section explains some general features which are relevant to Securities issued under this Base 
Prospectus. 
Who is the Issuer? 
We are HARP Issuer PLC, a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public 
limited company under the laws of Ireland. 
What is the business of 
the Issuer? 
Our principal business is to issue Securities from time to time and to enter into 
transactions related to the issuance of those Securities, to the extent permitted 
by the Conditions and all applicable laws and regulations. 
What are the Securities?
The Securities are debt instruments issued by us, HARP Issuer PLC.  
The terms of the Securities we issue under this Base Prospectus are set out in 
the schedule of this Base Prospectus headed “General Terms and Conditions” 
(the “General Terms and Conditions”). In addition, as the Securities are 
Participation Securities, Annex One to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities (Participation Securities Product Annex), also as set out in the 
schedule (the “Participation Securities Conditions”, and together with the 
General Terms and Conditions, the “Master Conditions”), shall apply. The 
Master Conditions are further modified in respect of the Securities by the Issue 
Terms (as defined below and together with the Master Conditions, referred to as 
the “Conditions”) and shall, in respect each Tranche, be completed by the Final 
Terms (in the case of Non-exempt Offers) or the Pricing Terms (in the case of 
Exempt Offers) in respect of that Tranche.  
The Securities are secured, limited recourse contractual obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu (i.e. equally) in all respects with each other and with the 
Issuer’s present and future secured, limited recourse contractual obligations 
without any preference between them.  
The Securities are governed by English law. 
What types of Securities 
are issued? 
The Securities are issued as Notes. Notes are issued in an aggregate nominal 
amount and traded in Authorised Denominations (as specified in the relevant 
Pricing Document).

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Notes may be subject to tax treatments depending on the jurisdiction in which 
you are tax resident. 
What 
is 
the 
Pricing 
Document? 
In this Base Prospectus, the term “Pricing Document” is a reference to the issue 
specific terms relating to the Securities which are set out in the section entitled 
“Issue Terms” (the “Issue Terms”) together with, for a particular Tranche, either 
the Final Terms (in the case of Non-exempt Offers) or the Pricing Terms (in the 
case of Exempt Offers) in respect of that Tranche, which will be in the form set 
out in the section entitled “Form of [Final Terms][Pricing Terms]” (the “Final 
Terms” or the “Pricing Terms”).  
What 
should 
I 
read 
before investing? 
You should carefully read and understand this Base Prospectus and the relevant 
Final Terms  (in the case of Non-exempt Offers) or the Pricing Terms (in the case 
of Exempt Offers) prior to investing in the Securities. Any decision to invest in 
the Securities should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as a 
whole (as supplemented from time to time) including the documents 
incorporated by reference (if any) and the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Terms, 
as the case may be. 
This Base Prospectus contains information about the Issuer, the terms and 
conditions of the Securities and general information about the offer and issue of 
the Securities. 
The relevant Pricing Document modify (in the case of the Issue Terms) and 
complete (in the case of the Final Terms or the Pricing Terms) the Conditions, 
and contain the specific issue terms of the Securities together with information 
about how investors can purchase them and other product specific information.
What are the Charged 
Assets? 
We will use the amounts you and other investors invest in the Securities to 
acquire assets or enter into transactions with UBS AG, London Branch (as 
Counterparty) which will enable us to meet our obligations to you and other 
investors in the Securities. These assets and/or transactions are called the 
Charged Assets. You, together with our other secured creditors with respect to 
this Series, will have the benefit of a security interest over the Charged Assets 
of this Series, as described in “What is the security over the Charged Assets?” 
below. 
The Charged Assets for this Series of Securities will be contractually separated 
from the Charged Assets for all other Series issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme. Upon redemption of this Series, only the Charged Assets for this 
Series will be used to satisfy our obligations, which include amounts payable to 
you and other investors in respect of this Series.  
The Charged Assets may comprise (i) debt securities (including bonds), (ii) 
shares, stock or other equity securities (iii) swaps, over-the-counter or exchange 
traded derivative contracts (iv) cash, or (v) any other assets as specified further 
under “What is the Reference Portfolio” below. The Charged Assets are specified 
in the Issue Terms. 
What 
is 
a 
Charged 
Agreement? 
A Charged Agreement is an agreement between us and UBS AG, London 
Branch as Counterparty, which sets out payments or deliveries of assets to be 
made between us and the Counterparty. Please refer to the section entitled 
“Description of the Charged Agreement” for further details.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
We shall enter into a Charged Agreement to enable us to meet our payment 
obligations in respect of the Securities. The Charged Agreement we enter into 
will be specified in the Pricing Document.  
What security do I have?
The Securities are secured obligations. This means we grant security to you and 
the other secured creditors in respect of the Securities. 
We grant a charge over the Charged Assets together with an assignment by way 
of security of our rights under the Charged Agreement and any other agreements 
we enter into in connection with the Securities (e.g. the Agency Agreement and 
the Custody Agreement). Together this is called the Mortgaged Property. 
This security is held by the Trustee on behalf of you and the other secured 
creditors in respect of the Securities. If we fail to meet our obligations under the 
Securities, you and the other secured creditors will have recourse to these 
assets, and your recourse will be in accordance with a prescribed list of priorities 
and therefore subject to the claims of those who have priority over your claim. 
If there is an event of 
default and the security 
has been enforced, in 
what 
order 
will 
payments be made? 
The order in which payments under the Securities will be made to you and the 
other parties when there has been a default and the security has been enforced 
will be set out in the Pricing Document. Unless the Pricing Document states 
otherwise, “Counterparty Priority” will apply - this means that payments will, after 
meeting the claims of the Trustee, be made in the following order: 

first, in meeting the claims of the various agents (excluding (if applicable) 
amounts payable to the Custodian in respect of any funds advanced to us 
to enable us to acquire assets to hedge our obligations under the 
Securities) appointed in accordance with the Securities under their 
relevant appointment agreements  

second, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Counterparty under the 
Charged Agreement; 

third, in meeting the claims of the Portfolio Manager in respect of amounts 
payable under the Portfolio Management Agreement;  

fourth, in meeting your claims as a Securityholder and claims of the other 
Securityholders; and 

finally, any balance to the Issuer. 
This means that claims of the Trustee, the various agents (including the 
Custodian), the Counterparty and the Portfolio Manager will be satisfied before 
payments are made to you. 
What 
is 
limited 
recourse? 
Limited recourse means your rights against us as an investor in the Securities 
are limited to the Charged Assets and our rights under the agreements entered 
into in connection with this Series, including the Charged Agreement. This 
means that you do not have any direct rights in respect of the Charged Assets 
and any other agreements or property relating to any other Series of Securities 
issued by the Issuer.  
By way of example, if, upon a redemption of the Securities, we are required to 
sell the Charged Assets and/or terminate any Charged Agreement to enable us 
to make the redemption payments on such Securities to you and other investors, 
the amount which you will receive on redemption will be determined by the 
amounts we receive from such sale and/or termination. You will not be able to

--- Page 46 ---
46 
make a claim against us or any other party for the shortfall and you will not have 
recourse to any other party for such shortfall.  
What happens if we 
default 
under 
our 
obligations? 
If we fail to make a payment under the Securities for 14 calendar days, or fail to 
perform our other obligations and do not resolve this within 30 calendar days, 
this is an Event of Default and the Securities you hold will redeem early. 
Please see “What will I get back when the Participation Securities I hold 
redeem?” below. 
What are the main types 
of Securities that can be 
issued under this Base 
Prospectus? 
We issue the Securities, which are Actively Managed Securities (which are a 
type of Participation Securities), and generally provide you with a return linked 
to the aggregate performance of a synthetic portfolio of assets over the period 
of your investment.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
PARTICIPATION SECURITIES
GENERAL 
This section explains the basic features of Participation Securities.
What am I economically 
exposed to? 
Participation Securities give you economic exposure to a synthetic portfolio of 
assets, called a "Reference Portfolio".  Amounts payable to you are calculated 
by reference to the performance of the Reference Portfolio, after deduction of 
certain costs and expenses. 
So far as possible, we purchase assets and/or enter into transactions that give 
us exposure to assets that match the composition of the Reference Portfolio and 
so the return on your investment is capped at the proceeds of sale of the Hedging 
Portfolio, as explained in “What is the Hedging Portfolio” below. 
What is the Reference 
Portfolio? 
The Reference Portfolio for Participation Securities is a synthetic portfolio 
comprised of synthetic assets, rather than a portfolio of physical assets. By 
"synthetic" portfolio, we mean that we are not contractually required to hold the 
assets which comprise this synthetic portfolio (although we may choose to do so 
to hedge our obligations under such Participation Securities). However, amounts 
payable to you are calculated by reference to the performance of this synthetic 
portfolio after deduction of certain costs and expenses. 
The Reference Portfolio is a portfolio of assets comprising one or more of the 
following asset classes: equities, bonds, foreign exchange, derivatives or cash.  
The assets in the Reference Portfolio will have one or more characteristics which 
include the following:  
 
Country: the issuer or obligor of the asset(s) will be from a specified 
country;
 
Minimum Liquidity: the trading volumes of the asset(s) will exceed a 
specified level prior to being included in the Reference Portfolio;
 
Long: the asset(s) will provide a long exposure (i.e. the expectation is that 
the asset(s) will rise in value);
 
Short: the asset(s) will provide a short exposure (i.e. the expectation is that 
the asset(s) will fall in value);
 
Minimum Market Capitalisation: the aggregate market capitalisation will 
exceed a specified level;
 
Physical Replication: the asset(s) will replicate exposure to certain asset(s) 
by physically holding such asset(s);
 
Synthetic Replication: the asset(s) will replicate exposure to certain 
asset(s) through the use of derivative contracts or other financial 
instruments:  

Rating: the asset(s) will be rated by a Rating Agency;

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Weighting: the Reference Portfolio will contain no more than the specified 
amount or percentage of the asset(s); and/or
 
Eligible Currency: the asset(s) will be denominated in certain specified 
currencies. 
Additional characteristics may apply with respect to an asset class. The 
applicable characteristics (each referred to as a “Constituent Investment 
Universe Criteria”) are specified in the Issue Terms. 
The initial composition (and the characteristics of the asset classes) of the 
Reference Portfolio for the Securities are specified in the Issue Terms.  
Does 
the 
Reference 
Portfolio Change? 
The Reference Portfolio may change from time to time. This is called a 
Rebalancing. 
What will I get back 
when the Participation 
Securities 
I 
hold 
redeem? 
The amount payable to you on redemption (either if the Participation Securities 
redeem early or on their scheduled maturity date) is linked to the performance 
of the Reference Portfolio, after deduction of certain costs and expenses. 
Therefore, if the Reference Portfolio increases in value throughout the life of your 
investment, the amount payable to you on redemption will increase. Conversely, 
if the Reference Portfolio falls in value, the amount payable to you on redemption 
will decrease.   
However, the amount that you will receive cannot exceed the proceeds of sale 
of the Hedging Portfolio. We explain the purpose of the Hedging Portfolio below. 
What 
costs 
and 
expenses are deducted 
from the value of the 
Reference Portfolio? 
Costs and expenses that are deducted include (without limitation): 
 
any costs that would be incurred in connection with the sale, liquidation, 
disposal and/or unwind of the constituents of the Reference Portfolio 
(including any stamp duty, taxes or fees) on the basis that such constituents 
were actually so sold, liquidated, disposed of and / or unwound;
 
any fees (as specified in the Pricing Document) that are due and payable 
but remain unpaid; and 
 
any notional amounts notionally due to a notional custodian in respect of 
the notional purchase of an asset into the Reference Portfolio; and
 
any notional amounts notionally due to the Counterparty in respect of a 
Notional Funded Amount. 
Am I entitled to receive 
any 
other 
payments 
during my investment? 
Additionally, you may (if so specified in the relevant Pricing Document) receive 
interest payments from time to time.  
As fixed interest is specified in the Pricing Document, you will receive periodic 
payments of a pre-determined amount of interest. 
What is the Hedging 
Portfolio? 
We are a special purpose vehicle specifically set up to issue Securities under 
this Base Prospectus and the Programme. As such, we have no assets other 
than the assets we acquire as a result of issuing Securities under this Base 
Prospectus and the Programme. 
To ensure that we are able to meet our payment obligations under the Securities 
at all times, we enter into "hedging transactions". We have therefore given

--- Page 49 ---
49 
standing instructions for purchase of assets and/or to enter into transactions that 
give us exposure to assets that match the composition of the Reference Portfolio 
(although we do have the discretion to deviate from those standing instructions). 
The assets we purchase and/or have exposure to are called the “Hedging 
Portfolio”.  
For instance, in a very simple example, if the Reference Portfolio for the 
Securities has five types of listed shares, we may choose to hedge our payment 
obligation to you by purchasing shares equivalent to those types of listed shares 
at the same time as we issue the Securities, using the issue proceeds you have 
given us. In this example, these shares are the Hedging Portfolio. 
The Hedging Portfolio will therefore change from time to time to match, so far as 
possible, the composition of the Reference Portfolio. 
When we are required to make a payment under the Securities, the only way in 
which we can meet that payment obligation is by selling the assets comprising 
the Hedging Portfolio (or a relevant part of the Hedging Portfolio) and/or 
terminating any hedging transaction. As described above, the assets of the 
Reference Portfolio are generally expected to match the assets of the Hedging 
Portfolio in most circumstances. Therefore the amount received on sale of the 
Hedging Portfolio should generally not be less than the performance of the 
Reference Portfolio (although there is no guarantee that this will always be the 
case). 
If the proceeds we receive from selling the Hedging Portfolio are less than what 
would have been payable by reference to the performance of the Reference 
Portfolio, you will only receive the lesser amount. If the proceeds we receive from 
selling the Hedging Portfolio exceed the notional value of the Reference 
Portfolio, you will only receive the amount payable by reference to the 
performance of the Reference Portfolio. 
Does 
the 
Hedging 
Portfolio change? 
The Reference Portfolio may change from time to time. The Hedging Portfolio 
will therefore change from time to time to match the composition of the 
Reference Portfolio. 
Is the Hedging Portfolio 
the 
same 
as 
the 
Reference Portfolio? 
No. The Reference Portfolio is a synthetic portfolio of assets, the performance 
of which is used to calculate amounts payable to you. 
The Hedging Portfolio is a portfolio of actual assets that we acquire, or obtain 
exposure to using derivative transactions, to hedge our obligations in respect of 
the Securities. 
The assets in the Hedging Portfolio are very likely to be the same as the assets 
that make up the Reference Portfolio. However, we are under no obligation to 
acquire, or obtain exposure to, the same assets in the Hedging Portfolio as the 
assets in the Reference Portfolio.  
Is the Hedging Portfolio 
the 
same 
as 
the 
Charged Assets? 
Yes, the Hedging Portfolio is the same as the Charged Assets.  
We use the term “Hedging Portfolio” (being the portfolio of assets which we 
actually acquire to hedge our obligations) to distinguish this from the term the 
“Reference Portfolio” (being the synthetic portfolio of assets, the performance of 
which is used to calculate amounts payable to you).

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Is an investment in the 
Participation Securities 
the same as investing in 
the asset(s) which are 
comprised 
in 
the 
Reference Portfolio or in 
the Hedging Portfolio? 
No. An investment in Participation Securities is not the same as investing directly 
in the asset(s) comprised in the Reference Portfolio and/or the Hedging Portfolio. 
Investing in Participation Securities does not give you any ownership interest, 
right or entitlement to any of the assets in the Reference Portfolio and/or the 
Hedging Portfolio. 
Any amounts payable to you will be in cash, and you will have no right to receive 
delivery of any asset(s).  
In addition, the return on your investment will not fully track the return that you 
would achieve if you instead invested directly in the asset(s) comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio. This is because certain fees and costs are deducted in the 
calculation of the performance of the Reference Portfolio as explained in more 
detail above in the frequently asked question “What will I get back when the 
Participation Securities I hold redeem?”. 
ACTIVELY MANAGED SECURITIES 
This section explains the key features which apply to Actively Managed Securities (in addition to the features 
described in the General section above). 
What 
is 
an 
Actively 
Managed Security? 
Actively Managed Securities are a type of Participation Securities which are 
actively managed by a Portfolio Manager. 
This means that the Portfolio Manager actively manages the Reference Portfolio 
of this Series of Actively Managed Securities in accordance with the terms of the 
Portfolio Management Agreement for this Series. 
It is the Portfolio Manager who decides what (if any) changes need to be made 
to the Reference Portfolio from time to time.  
What contractual terms 
will 
apply 
to 
the 
Securities? 
(a) 
the General Terms and Conditions, set out in Part A of the Schedule to 
this Base Prospectus at pages 151 to 223, as amended and 
supplemented by Annex One to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Securities (Participation Securities Product Annex), set out in Part B of 
the Schedule to this Base Prospectus at pages 224 to 251; 
(b) 
as further amended by the Issue Terms set out at pages 77 to 103; 
and 
(c) 
in the case of Non-exempt Offers, as completed by the Final Terms in 
respect of each Tranche; or 
(d) 
in the case of Exempt Offers, as completed by the Pricing Terms in 
respect of suchTranche.  
Who is the Portfolio 
Manager? 
The Portfolio Manager enters into the Portfolio Management Agreement with us 
with respect to this Series of Actively Managed Securities. Please refer to the 
section entitled “Description of the Portfolio Management Agreement” for further 
details on the terms of the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
As an investor in this Series of Actively Managed Securities you are exposed to 
the skills of the Portfolio Manager, as any decisions made by the Portfolio 
Manager with respect to the Reference Portfolio, its composition and each

--- Page 51 ---
51 
Rebalancing will impact the value of the Reference Portfolio and therefore will 
impact (positively or negatively) the return on your investment. 
The Portfolio Manager for this Series of Actively Managed Securities is Algebris 
(UK) Limited and specific disclosure in respect of the Portfolio Manager is 
included in the section “Information Relating to the Portfolio Manager”. 
What if I am not happy 
with the performance of 
the Portfolio Manager, 
the performance of the 
Reference 
Portfolio 
and/or the performance 
of these Securities? 
You have no rights against the Arranger, the Issuer, the Portfolio Manager or any 
other entity if you are not happy with the performance of the Portfolio Manager 
or the Reference Portfolio. You cannot replace the Portfolio Manager and have 
no right to influence the composition of the Reference Portfolio.  
If you are not happy, you may seek to sell your Securities to another investor. 
However, it may be difficult for you to sell your Securities as there may not be 
another investor willing to purchase your Securities. You may therefore be 
unable to sell your Securities and exit your investment until the maturity date. 
We are only obliged to buy the Securities back where you duly exercise your 
option to redeem such Securities at a price determined in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Securities, as completed by the Final Terms (in the case of 
Non-exempt Offers) or the Pricing Terms (in the case of Exempt Offers) in 
respect of the relevant Tranche. 
The Dealer may offer to buy the Securities from you, however the price it may 
offer is likely to be below the Reference Portfolio Level in respect of such 
Securities and, depending on the performance of the Securities, you may suffer 
significant losses.  
What happens if there is 
no Portfolio Manager 
during my investment? 
There are circumstances in which the Portfolio Manager may cease to act as 
Portfolio Manager for the Securities.  For example: 
 
when the Portfolio Manager notifies us that it may no longer have the 
capacity or the competence to perform its obligations as Portfolio Manager; 

when the Portfolio Manager is convicted of any criminal offence; 
 
when the Portfolio Manager ceases to be authorised to act as such under 
any applicable laws; 
 
when the Portfolio Manager materially breaches its obligations to us under 
the Portfolio Management Agreement; and/or
 
when the Portfolio Manager is wound up or dissolved. 
In this case, no replacement portfolio manager will be appointed by us and the 
Actively Managed Securities will redeem prior to their scheduled maturity date. 
In such circumstance, you will receive an amount which may be substantially 
less than your original investment in the Securities. 
Please refer to the section entitled “Description of the Portfolio Management 
Agreement” for further details on the termination of the Portfolio Manager.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
OVERVIEW OF TRANSACTION PARTIES AND STRUCTURE OF THE SECURITIES 
This Base Prospectus describes the terms and conditions and features of Series 33 Securities which are 
Participation Securities. The purpose of this part of the Base Prospectus is to give you a general overview of 
the parties involved in any issue of the Securities and the structure of the Securities.  
The Securities are issued under the EUR 10,000,000,000 Secured Issuance Programme (the “Programme”) 
of the Issuer. This part begins with a section explaining the general features of Securities issued under the 
Programme. There are then separate sections which explain certain features which only apply to the 
Securities described in this Base Prospectus . You should therefore read both the “General” section and the 
specific section when considering investing in these Securities. 
GENERAL 
This section applies to Securities issued under the Programme as may be relevant to the Securities under 
this Base Prospectus. Participation Securities may have some features which differ to what is set out below 
under this “General” section, and these different features are described in the sections immediately following 
this “General” section. 
TRANSACTION PARTIES
Issuer: 
HARP 
Issuer 
PLC 
(Legal 
Entity 
Identifier 
(LEI): 
6354004X7YVOLLD4FR65). This is the entity that issues the 
Securities. We are a special purpose vehicle incorporated 
under the laws of Ireland whose principal business is to issue 
Securities from time to time and enter into transactions related 
to the issuance of those Securities, to the extent permitted 
under the Programme and all applicable laws and regulations. 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited. This is the 
entity that acts on your behalf and upon your instruction 
(subject to certain conditions) when certain actions are required 
to be taken, such as declaring an Event of Default, agreeing 
minor amendments to the terms and conditions of the 
Securities or enforcing the security (being the charge granted 
over the Charged Assets and an assignment of our rights under 
the agreements we enter into in connection with the Securities). 
Arranger: 
UBS AG, London Branch. This is the entity that structures the 
Programme and arranges the issuance of each Tranche of the 
Securities. 
Guarantor: 
None. 
Corporate Services Provider: 
Apex Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited. This is the entity 
that performs certain administrative functions on our behalf. 
Dealer: 
UBS AG, London Branch.  
Issue Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Principal Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. This entity is 
our agent and administers payments to you or to each Paying 
Agent for onward payment to you (as applicable).

--- Page 53 ---
53 
Paying Agents: 
The Principal Paying Agent, together with each other person (if 
any) as may be specified in the relevant Pricing Document. 
These entities are our agents and they administer payments to 
you. There may be separate Paying Agents in each jurisdiction 
where the Securities are offered. 
Calculation Agent: 
UBS AG, London Branch. This is the entity that makes certain 
calculations in respect of the Securities, including the interest 
payable. 
Registrar and/or Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch. 
This is the entity that maintains the register of each 
Securityholder and registers transfers of Securities. 
Counterparty: 
UBS AG, London Branch. This is the entity that will enter into a 
Charged Agreement with the Issuer under which certain 
payments or deliveries of assets will be made. 
Custodian: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. This is the entity 
that holds assets on our behalf. 
Portfolio Manager:  
Algebris (UK) Limited See the section titled “Participation 
Securities” below. 
STRUCTURE 
Description: 
Secured Programme for the issuance of Securities. This means 
that the Securities issued under the Base Prospectus are 
issued with the benefit of security. This is explained in more 
detail under “Security” below. 
Key structural elements of the 
Securities:
The key elements to the structure of the Securities include the 
following: 

we will issue each Tranche of Securities in an amount 
agreed in advance with the Arranger at an agreed issue 
price;

when we receive the issue proceeds, we will apply those 
proceeds according to the terms of the Securities to 
purchase the assets which will hedge our obligations to 
you and which will form part of the security – for example, 
(where the currency of the Charged Assets is the same 
as the currency of the Securities) we may use those 
proceeds to purchase Charged Assets, or (where the 
currency of the Charged Assets is in a different currency 
to the currency of the Securities) we may pass those 
proceeds to the Counterparty in exchange for an 
equivalent amount in a different currency, which will 
enable us to purchase the Charged Assets in the 
currency of those Charged Assets. Alternatively, we may 
simply deposit the proceeds into a cash account with the 
Custodian pending application in accordance with the 
terms of the Securities;

--- Page 54 ---
54 

the Charged Assets, and any cash, will be held by the 
Custodian (or a designated sub-custodian) on our behalf;

we will grant an English law security interest in favour of 
the Trustee (who holds such security interest on behalf 
of all secured creditors, such as you (in your capacity as 
an investor) and the Counterparty);

payments received in respect of the Charged Assets 
(such as principal or interest) will either be paid by us to 
the Counterparty under the Charged Agreement, or held 
in the cash account of the Custodian, or re-invested in 
other assets, all in accordance with the terms of the issue 
of Securities;
following the occurrence of an event of default under the 
Securities (such as non-payment), your recourse is limited to 
the assets over which the Trustee has a security interest. You 
only have recourse to those assets securing the Securities in 
which you have invested, and you do not have any recourse of 
any nature to assets held by us and/or which secure a different 
Series of Securities. This is known as “limited recourse”. See 
the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Limited 
Recourse”. The Charged Assets and/or agreements we enter 
into will have characteristics which when taken together, 
demonstrate a capacity to produce funds to service our 
obligations to make payments due and payable to you under 
the Securities. 
Series Limit: 
We may issue up to EUR 750,000,000 of aggregate principal 
amount of the Securities.  
Under the Programme, we may issue Securities (including the 
Securities in respect of which this Base Prospectus has been 
prepared) of up to EUR 10,000,000,000 aggregate nominal 
amount of Notes at any one time, (subject to increase as 
provided in the Master Placing Agreement referred to in 
“Subscription and Sale” below). 
Legal 
and 
Regulatory 
Requirements: 
The issue of Securities denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”), including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Maturity: 
The scheduled maturity date of the Securities is 29 November 
2028. See “Maturity Date Extension” under “Participation 
Securities” below.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
NATURE OF THE SECURITIES
Form of Securities: 
The Securities will be Notes issued in registered form, as 
described in the section of this Base Prospectus headed ‘Form 
of the Securities’.  
Type of Securities: 
The Securities under the Base Prospectus are Participation 
Securities. This is explained in more detail later in the Base 
Prospectus, and the specific type of Participation Securities are 
Actively Managed Securities.
Currency: 
The currency of the Securities is euro. 
Denomination of Securities: 
The Securities will be issued in global form. However, if 
definitive Securities are required to be issued, then definitive 
Notes will be issued in denominations. The denomination will 
be specified in the relevant Pricing Document.
Status of Securities: 
The Securities will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer 
ranking pari passu (i.e. equally) and without preference among 
themselves. See the section of this Base Prospectus headed 
“Limited Recourse”. 
SECURITY 
Security: 
The Securities will be secured by a first fixed charge under 
English law over, and/or an assignment by way of fixed security 
of or other security interest over, the Charged Assets (and all 
rights and sums derived therefrom) and an assignment by way 
of fixed security of all of the Issuer’s rights, title and interest in 
and to the Custody Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the 
Charged Agreement (if any), the Placing Agreement and the 
Portfolio Management Agreement (if applicable) (together, this 
is known as the “Mortgaged Property”).
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Order of Priority: 
The order of priority will be “Counterparty Priority” meaning any 
payments in respect of the Securities will be made in the 
following order (after meeting claims of the Trustee): 

first, (a) in meeting the claims (if any) of the Custodian 
and/or the other Agents in respect of any amounts 
payable by the Issuer in relation to the Securities under 
the Custody Agreement or the Agency Agreement 
respectively (including but not limited to any amounts of 
value added tax or other taxes due to any applicable 
revenue authorities); (b) in meeting the claims (if any) of 
the Custodian for reimbursement in respect of payment 
of any amount in respect of the Charged Assets made to 
the Issuer and/or the Principal Paying Agent on its behalf 
prior to receipt of the same by the Custodian including, if 
applicable, any amounts due to the Custodian in relation 
to the performance of any FundSettle Services; and (c)

--- Page 56 ---
56 
in meeting the claims (if any) of the Principal Paying 
Agent for reimbursement in respect of payment of 
principal and interest made to the Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders 
and/or, 
as 
the 
case 
may 
be, 
Couponholders (if any) prior to receipt of the same by the 
Principal Paying Agent, each of the claims in (a), (b) and 
(c) above to rank pari passu and rateably; 

secondly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Counterparty under the Charged Agreement (if any); 

thirdly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Portfolio 
Manager in respect of amounts payable under the 
Portfolio Management Agreement (if any): 

fourthly, in meeting your claims as a Securityholder and 
claims of the other Securityholders (if any) pari passu
and rateably; and 

fifthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
This means that claims of the agents, the Counterparty and the 
Portfolio Manager will be satisfied before payments are made 
to you. 
RESTRICTIONS 
Restrictions: 
We are a special purpose vehicle established principally to 
issue the Securities. So long as any of the Securities remain 
outstanding, we will not, without the prior written consent of the 
Trustee, engage in any business (other than transactions 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus), declare any dividends, 
have any subsidiaries or employees or issue any shares. 
Indebtedness: 
We may not incur indebtedness for money borrowed other than 
in respect of the issuance of the Securities and any amounts 
borrowed from the Counterparty or the Custodian (as 
applicable) as more particularly set out in the sections headed 
“Description of the Custody Arrangements” and “Description of 
the Charged Agreement”. 
INTEREST 
Interest Rates: 
The Securities will be interest  bearing. The interest rate in 
respect of the Securities is a fixed rate. The specific interest 
rate will be specified in the Pricing Document. 
REDEMPTION 
Mandatory Redemption: 
The Securities will redeem in full prior to their stated maturity if, 
amongst other things: 

the Charged Assets in respect of the Securities or 
amounts outstanding thereunder become due and 
repayable, or become capable of being declared due and 
repayable (in whole or in part), prior to their stated date

--- Page 57 ---
57 
of maturity, or (b) there is a payment default in respect of 
such Charged Assets in respect of the Securities; and/or

there is a change in regulation which, for example, 
increases the regulatory burden on either us or the 
Counterparty; and/or

if the Securities are sold or transferred in breach of 
applicable selling restrictions, whereupon only the 
Securities affected are subject to redemption; and/or

any other event which is specified as an “Additional 
Mandatory Redemption Event” in the applicable Pricing 
Document has occurred,  
If this happens, the security for this Series of Securities will also 
become enforceable and the Securities will redeem early at the 
early redemption amount, being the amount of proceeds 
received from enforcing the security in respect of the Securities. 
See the section of this Base Prospectus headed “Description of 
the Early Redemption Events”.  
Please note that other mandatory redemption events may apply 
to the Securities instead of, or in addition to, the events 
described above - as described in the subsection “Mandatory 
Redemption” within the sections “Participation Securities” 
below.  
Optional 
Redemption 
(at 
our 
option): 
The Securities may be redeemed prior to its stated maturity at 
our option. The Pricing Document  will state the terms 
applicable to such redemption. 
Optional 
Redemption 
(at 
your 
option 
on 
an 
Investor 
Put 
Redemption Date): 
You may, by giving notice as specified in the Issue Terms, 
request early redemption of your Securities on an Investor Put 
Redemption Date. Provided we have not cancelled your notice 
of redemption (which we can do in circumstances where we 
have been unable to liquidate or realise sufficient charged 
assets in order to fund the redemption), you will receive the 
Investor Put Redemption Amount (which is calculated by 
reference to the performance of the Reference Portfolio) on the 
relevant Investor Put Redemption Date.  
Early Redemption: 
Securities will be subject to redemption by us only (i) for 
taxation reasons, or (ii) upon termination of the relevant 
Charged Agreement (if any) on the date of such termination, or 
(iii) following the occurrence of certain events with respect to 
any benchmark to which the Securities relate, or (iv) upon an 
event of default under the Securities.  
In this case, the Securities will redeem early at the early 
redemption amount, being the amount of proceeds received 
from enforcing the security in respect of the Securities.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Please note that other early redemption events may apply to 
the Securities instead of, or in addition to, the events described 
above - as described in the subsection “Early Redemption” 
within the section “Participation Securities”.  
See the section of this Base Prospectus headed ‘Description of 
the Early Redemption Events’. 
Purchase: 
We may purchase all or part of the Securities. In order to fund 
such purchase, we may sell Charged Assets (or a part thereof 
in the case of a partial purchase) and/or terminate any relevant 
Charged Agreement (or part thereof in the case of a partial 
purchase) and when this happens the Counterparty will make 
any payment due from it to us or, as the case may be, we will 
make any payment due from us to the Counterparty, unless the 
payee has waived its rights in writing to the making of any such 
payment or agreed in writing that such payment shall not be 
required to be made. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Events of Default: 
The Events of Default which apply to the Securities include the 
following: 

default in payment of any sum due under the Securities 
for 14 calendar days;

failure by us to perform or observe any other obligation 
under the Securities or the relevant Trust Deed and 
failure by us to remedy such failure for 30 calendar days; 
and/or 

our insolvency.  
Cross Default: 
None. This means that it is not an Event of Default on this 
Series if the Issuer defaults on its other obligations (including 
another Series of Securities). 
OTHER TERMS OF THE SECURITIES
Limited Recourse: 
Your recourse in respect of our obligations to you under the 
Securities, Receipts and Coupons (if any) is limited to the 
Mortgaged Property of this Series in which you have invested. 
This means that we grant a security interest over the Mortgaged 
Property in favour of the Trustee (which is held on behalf of you 
and the other secured creditors) in respect of our payment 
obligations to you under the Securities. The security interest will 
only relate to the Mortgaged Property in respect of this specific 
Series of Securities, and will not include the Mortgaged 
Property of any other Series of Securities.  
If the security over the Mortgaged Property is enforced and the 
proceeds are not sufficient to make all payments due to you, 
our other assets (including assets securing any other Series of 
Securities) will not be available for payment of any unpaid

--- Page 59 ---
59 
amounts. Any such shortfall will be borne by you and the other 
secured parties in accordance with the order of priority. You will 
have no further claims against us in respect of any such unpaid 
amounts and will not be able to petition to place us into 
insolvency as a consequence of such unpaid amounts. Our 
failure to make any payments of such shortfall will not be an 
Event of Default with respect to the Securities and will not 
entitle the Counterparty to terminate the remainder of the 
Charged Agreements. 
Voiding of Claims: 
Claims against us for payment in respect of the Securities, 
Receipts or Coupons (if any) shall become void unless made 
within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the 
case of interest) from the relevant due date for payment. 
Further issues: 
We shall issue further Securities which are fungible with any 
existing Securities. When we issue further Securities, we may 
need to acquire additional Charged Assets equal to the nominal 
amount of the further Securities issued. This may affect the 
value of the original Charged Assets acquired for the existing 
Securities. 
Taxation: 
Amounts payable in respect of the Securities, Receipts or 
Coupons (if any) will be made without withholding or deduction 
for or on account of tax, unless we or the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent or any Paying Agent is required by applicable 
law to make any such payment subject to any such withholding 
or deduction. 
Governing Law of the Securities: 
English law. 
CHARGED ASSETS AND CHARGED AGREEMENT
Charged Assets: 
We are a special purpose vehicle with no freely available assets 
of its own. The “Charged Assets” are assets acquired us and/or 
the transactions entered into by us with the proceeds of an 
issuance of Securities to hedge our obligations in respect of 
such Securities, and in respect of which we grant an English 
law security interest in favour of the Trustee to secure our 
payment obligations (for example, to pay principal and interest 
under the Securities, and to make payments to the 
Counterparty under the Charged Agreement).  
The Charged Assets will be contractually separated from any 
Charged Assets held by us in respect of other Series of 
Securities. Upon redemption of the Securities, only the 
Charged Assets of this Series will be used to satisfy the 
obligations, which may include any repayment obligation to you 
under this Series. 
These assets (which are Charged Assets) will be specified (or 
if not specified, their characteristics will be described) in the 
Issue Terms, and may include, without limitation,

--- Page 60 ---
60 
(i) 
debt 
securities 
or 
other 
negotiable 
instruments 
(including, without limitation, bonds, commercial paper, 
notes, debentures, promissory notes, certificates of 
deposit or bills of exchange) of any form, denomination, 
type and issuer, 
(ii) 
shares, stock or other equity securities of any form, 
denomination, type and issuer, 
(iii) 
the benefit of loans, evidences of indebtedness or other 
rights whatsoever, contractual or otherwise (including, 
without limitation, sub-participation, documentary or 
standby letters of credit or swap, over-the-counter or 
exchange traded derivative contracts, option, exchange 
or other arrangements of the type contemplated in the 
description of Charged Agreement below) assigned or 
transferred to or otherwise vested in, or entered into by 
us, 
(iv) 
cash, and/or 
(v) 
any other assets 
as may be more particularly specified in the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed “Description of the Reference Portfolio and 
Hedging Portfolio”. 
Governing Law of the Charged 
Assets: 
As specified (if applicable) in the Pricing Document. 
Charged Agreements: 
We will enter into a derivatives agreement with the 
Counterparty under the Charged Agreement, which sets out 
payments or deliveries to be made from us to the Counterparty 
and vice versa. This will be an equity swap transaction.  
If the Charged Agreement is terminated, the Securities will 
redeem early at the early redemption amount, being (a) the 
amount of proceeds received from enforcing the security in 
respect of this Series of Securities, or (b) the redemption 
amount calculated in accordance with the Participation 
Securities Conditions. Please see the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed “Worked Examples of Participation 
Securities” for examples of how the redemption amount for the 
Securities is calculated. 
See the section of this Base Prospectus headed ‘Description of 
the Charged Agreement’. 
Collection of Payments: 
Payment of amounts in respect of the Charged Assets held by 
us and payments due to us from the Counterparty under the 
Charged Agreement will be credited to the account of or 
otherwise paid or delivered to our Custodian. 
If we are required to make payment of any money or assets to 
the Counterparty under the Charged Agreement, the Custodian

--- Page 61 ---
61 
will deliver the amount of such moneys or assets to the account 
of the Counterparty designated for such purpose as specified 
in the Pricing Document or relevant Charged Agreement. 
Our Custodian will apply all moneys or assets collected in 
respect of the Charged Assets and/or representing the 
obligations of the Counterparty under any Charged Agreement 
in payment and/or delivery to the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar, as the case may be, for payment and/or delivery in 
respect of the Securities or as otherwise contemplated in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of the Securities. 
ISSUANCE TERMS 
Method of Issue: 
We may issue one or more Tranches (as defined below) of the 
Securities on a continuous basis with no minimum size subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
including, without limitation, requirements of the relevant stock 
exchange. The Series may be issued in one or more tranches 
(each a “Tranche”) on the same issue date or on different issue 
dates. Further Tranches of Securities issued after Tranche 1 (or 
Further Securities (as defined below)) are issued as part of (and 
will be consolidated with existing Securities of) this Series. 
Securities may be issued on a non-syndicated basis. 
Issue Price: 
We may issue Securities at par, at a discount to par, or at a 
premium to par. 
Admission to Trading: 
Application will be made for the Securities to be admitted to 
trading on the multilateral trading facility operated by Wiener 
Börse AG (the “Vienna MTF”) or on any other exchange.  
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer or sale of Securities and the 
distribution of offering material – see ‘Subscription and Sale’ 
below. If any Securities are sold or otherwise transferred in 
breach of applicable selling restrictions this may result in such 
Affected Securities being redeemed early at a specified early 
redemption amount.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
PARTICIPATION SECURITIES
This section describes certain additional features which only apply to Participation Securities. 
ADDITIONAL TRANSACTION PARTY 
Portfolio Manager: 
Algebris (UK) Limited is the entity which manages the 
Reference Portfolio of the Securities in accordance with the 
Portfolio Management Agreement. 
INTEREST 
Fixed Interest Amounts: 
Participation Securities will pay a fixed rate of interest on each 
interest payment date. The rate of interest and each interest 
payment date will be specified in the relevant Pricing 
Document. 
REDEMPTION
Mandatory Redemption: 
Additional mandatory redemption events apply to the Series of  
Participation Securities instead of, or in addition to, the 
mandatory redemption events described in the subsection 
“Mandatory Redemption” within the “General” section above, in 
each case as specified in the Pricing Document.  
These additional mandatory redemption events include (i) 
termination of the appointment of the Portfolio Manager and (ii) 
the value of the synthetic portfolio of assets (the Reference 
Portfolio) falling below the level specified in the Pricing 
Document. 
Early Redemption: 
Additional early redemption events apply to the Series of  
Participation Securities instead of, or in addition to, the early 
redemption events described in the subsection “Early 
Redemption” within the “General” section above, in each case 
as specified in the relevant Pricing Document.  
These additional early redemption events include (i) the 
termination of the appointment of a Portfolio Manager, (ii) the 
value of the synthetic portfolio of assets (the Reference 
Portfolio) falling below the level specified in the Pricing 
Document, (iii) the occurrence of a regulatory event, (iv) the 
occurrence of a tax event with respect to the Charged Assets, 
(v) the occurrence of a tax event with respect to the Securities, 
and (vi) the outstanding principal amount of the Securities 
falling below the amount specified in the Pricing Document. 
Redemption Amount: 
The amount you will receive on redemption of the Securities will 
depend significantly on the performance of the Reference 
Portfolio. However, the amount you will receive on redemption 
will not exceed the net proceeds we receive on sale of the 
Hedging Portfolio. This is described more specifically in the 
section headed “Frequently Asked Questions”.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
Please also see the section of this Base Prospectus headed 
“Worked Examples of Participation Securities” for examples of 
how the Redemption Amount for the Securities is calculated.  
Maturity Date Extension: 
We may extend the Maturity Date of the Securities with the 
agreement of the Counterparty and the Portfolio Manager. The 
Maturity Date may be extended on a number of occasions and 
the Pricing Document will specify the period by which we may 
extend the Maturity Date.  
The Issue Terms will specify that, on receipt of a notice to 
extend the Maturity Date of the Securities, you may elect to 
redeem such Securities at their Optional Redemption Amount 
on the Optional Redemption Date, each determined in 
accordance with Participation Securities Condition 6(5). 
REFERENCE PORTFOLIO AND HEDGING PORTFOLIO
Reference Portfolio: 
Amounts payable to you on this Series of Participation 
Securities are calculated by reference to the performance of a 
synthetic portfolio of assets. This is called the Reference 
Portfolio. The Reference Portfolio is a “synthetic” portfolio as 
the assets comprising such portfolio are not physical assets 
which we are contractually required to acquire and hold. 
Amounts payable to you are calculated by reference to what a 
notional (i.e. hypothetical) investor would have received if it had 
in fact invested in the assets in the Reference Portfolio. 
The Reference Portfolio may comprise a synthetic investment 
in one or more of the following: equities, bonds, foreign 
exchange, derivatives or cash, as specified in the Issue Terms. 
This is described more specifically in the section headed 
“Frequently Asked Questions”. 
The amount payable to you on redemption of the Securities will 
be the lower of the value of the Reference Portfolio on the 
redemption date (after deduction of certain costs and 
expenses) and the proceeds of the liquidation of the Hedging 
Portfolio, which may not be the same assets as those 
comprising the Reference Portfolio.
Hedging Portfolio: 
We will not own the assets comprising the Reference Portfolio. 
We will acquire assets or exposures to assets to hedge our 
obligations in respect of the Securities. This is called the 
Hedging Portfolio. The assets which from time to time form part 
of the Hedging Portfolio may or may not exactly match the 
assets included in the synthetic portfolio of assets comprising 
the Reference Portfolio. This is described more specifically in 
the section headed “Frequently Asked Questions”.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
WORKED EXAMPLES OF PARTICIPATION SECURITIES 
This section sets out hypothetical worked examples of amounts you may receive in respect of an investment 
in a Series of Participation Securities. 
The figures used in this section are provided for illustrative purposes only as an example of the 
amounts you may receive under the Securities. The figures are not necessarily indicative of amounts 
that you may actually receive on an investment in the Securities.
Participation Securities 
Actively Managed Securities 
For the purposes of this worked example, we assume that you have invested EUR 100 in a hypothetical 
offering of Actively Managed Securities with the following characteristics: 
Calculation Amount: 
EUR 100 
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
1 December 2025 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
Zero. 
Information relating to the synthetic portfolio (i.e. the Reference Portfolio):
Aggregate Initial Reference 
Portfolio Level: 
100,000 
Initial Reference Portfolio 
Constituents: 
100 shares of Royal Dutch Shell and 100 
shares of Vodafone 
Hedging Portfolio 
We will invest amounts we receive from the issuance of the Securities in a way we deem adequate to hedge 
our payment obligations under the Securities.  
As 100 shares of Royal Dutch Shell and 100 shares of Vodafone would provide a matching hedge, we will 
purchase such shares, resulting in the portfolio of the assets that we physically hold in order to hedge ourself 
(i.e., the “Hedging Portfolio”) economically reflecting the Reference Portfolio specified above. 
Rebalancing 
The Portfolio Manager will actively manage the Reference Portfolio and, accordingly, may determine that a 
number of changes are required to the composition of the Reference Portfolio (i.e. Rebalancings) during the 
life of the Securities. For the purposes of this hypothetical example, for simplification it is assumed that during 
the entire life of the product the Portfolio Manager conducts only one Rebalancing (although in practice it is 
likely that there will be many more than a single Rebalancing): the Portfolio Manager replaces all the shares 
of Royal Dutch Shell for shares of HSBC. Accordingly, the Reference Portfolio of the Actively Managed 
Securities will now be:  
Information relating to the synthetic portfolio (i.e. the Reference Portfolio):
Reference Portfolio 
Constituents: 
100 shares of HSBC and 100 shares of 
Vodafone 
Considering the Rebalancing with respect to the Reference Portfolio described above, we will seek to hedge 
our payment obligations under the Securities with a corresponding adjustment to the composition of the 
Hedging Portfolio.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
How much you get back 
Assuming that the Actively Managed Securities have not been redeemed early and/or cancelled, on 01 
December 2025 (the “Scheduled Maturity Date” specified above) the Actively Managed Securities will 
mature.  
The amount you will receive on 1 December 2025 will be determined by the following formula:  
Min [Max (Minimum Redemption Amount; Calculation Amount x (Aggregate Reference Portfolio Redemption 
Level / Aggregate Initial Reference Portfolio Level)); Hedging Proceeds] 
Based on information provided at the beginning of this hypothetical example, the amount that you will receive 
will be calculated as follows:  
Min [Max (zero; EUR 100 x (Aggregate Reference Portfolio Redemption Level / 100,000)); Hedging 
Proceeds].  
To help you understand how the return on your investment will be calculated (and how it may vary), the above 
formula has been applied in three different hypothetical scenarios, as shown below1: 
1) Scenario 1 – the banking sector performed very strongly (and the price at which the HSBC shares 
can be liquidated is higher than the price at which they were originally acquired as part of the 
Rebalancing mentioned above), and the price of the Vodafone shares in the Reference Portfolio did 
not go up or down. In this scenario, your return on the Actively Managed Securities is positive: 
Aggregate Reference Portfolio 
Redemption Level: 
104,000 (reflecting a gain of 5,000 on the HSBC 
shares and a deduction of 1,000 with respect to 
fees*) 
How much you get for each EUR 
100 of Actively Managed Securities 
you have invested: 
EUR 104 
* Amount of fees included is merely an example. You should also note that the amount of fees are 
different for the Securities.  
2) Scenario 2 –  the banking sector performed poorly (and the price at which the HSBC shares can be 
liquidated is lower than the price at which they were originally acquired as part of the Rebalancing 
mentioned above), and the price of the Vodafone shares in the Reference Portfolio did not go up or 
down. In this scenario, you will suffer losses on the Actively Managed Securities you hold:
Aggregate Reference Portfolio 
Redemption Level: 
93,000 (reflecting a loss of 6,000 on the HSBC 
shares and the deduction of 1,000 with respect 
to fees*) 
How much you get for each EUR 
100 of Actively Managed Securities 
you have invested: 
EUR 93 
* Amount of fees included is merely an example. You should also note that the amount of fees are 
different for the Securities.  
3) Scenario 3 -  the banking sector performed very poorly (and the price at which the HSBC shares can 
be liquidated is lower than the price at which they were originally acquired as part of the Rebalancing 
1
Please note that, in the unlikely scenario where the proceeds we receive from selling the Hedging Portfolio (i.e. the 
Hedging Proceeds) are less than what would have been payable by reference to the performance of the Reference 
Portfolio, you will only receive the lesser amount. Please refer to “What is the Hedging Portfolio?” within the 
Frequently Asked Questions section. Please also note that, in the unlikely scenario where the proceeds we receive 
from selling the Hedging Proceeds are more than what would have been payable by reference to the performance 
of the Reference Portfolio, you will only receive the lesser amount.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
mentioned above), and the price of the Vodafone shares in the Reference Portfolio also fell 
significantly. In this scenario, you will suffer losses on the Actively Managed Securities you hold:  
Aggregate Reference Portfolio 
Redemption Level: 
8,000 (reflecting the loss of 91,000 on the 
HSBC and Vodafone shares and deduction of 
1,000 with respect to fees*) 
How much you get for each EUR 
100 of Actively Managed Securities 
you have invested: 
EUR 8  
* Amount of fees included is merely an example. You should also note that the amount of fees are 
different for the Securities.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
This section includes a diagrammatical overview of the Securities which has been provided for illustrative 
purposes and should be read in conjunction with the summary of the Securities set out above and this Base 
Prospectus. Securityholders should ensure they understand the structure and cash flows of the Securities 
before making an investment decision. 
1. 
The Issuer issues each Tranche of Securities at the principal amount and receives the issue 
proceeds from Securityholders. On or around the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Securities, 
the Issuer enters into the Charged Agreement with the Counterparty and on or around the Issue 
Date of each subsequent Tranche of Securities agrees to a corresponding increase in the 
notional amount of the transaction under the Charged Agreement relating to the Securities. 
2. 
The Issuer uses the issue proceeds to purchase the Charged Assets (via the Broker or directly 
from a third party broker (a “Specified Request Hedging Broker”) being an entity that is 
identical to the notional third party broker (the “Specified Request Notional Broker”) specified 
by the Portfolio Manager in a Specified Request ) in accordance with the specified Eligibility 
Criteria. As at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Securities, the Charged Assets shall 
comprise EUR cash only, which shall be credited to the Issuer’s account with the Custodian. 
Following each Rebalancing with respect to the Reference Portfolio, the Issuer will purchase or 
sell assets (or enter into derivative transactions) that will become part of the Hedging Portfolio 
to ensure the Hedging Portfolio has an economically equivalent composition as the Reference 
Portfolio. 
3. 
The Issuer grants security in favour of the Trustee over the Charged Assets and its rights under 
the relevant agreements entered in connection with the Securities. 
4. 
The Issuer receives amounts payable under the Charged Assets. 
5. 
The Issuer uses amounts it receives under the Charged Assets to pay the Counterparty under 
the Charged Agreement. It in turn receives amounts from the Counterparty under the Charged 
Agreement. 
6. 
The Issuer pays Securityholders fixed interest on a semi-annual basis, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
7. 
The Issuer makes payments to Securityholders under the Securities using amounts received 
under the Charged Assets (and any corresponding Rebalancings), using sale proceeds under 
the Charged Assets and amounts received under the Charged Agreement. 
8. 
On redemption, the Issuer will sell the Charged Assets.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
9. 
The Issuer will use the proceeds of sale of the Charged Assets to make redemption payments 
to Securityholders.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
PROGRAMME DOCUMENTATION STRUCTURE 
The Programme is documented on the basis of “master” programme level documents (the “Programme 
Level Documents”), which are then completed and/or supplemented by “issue level” documents (the “Issue 
Level Documents”) prepared for the Securities.  
The Programme Level Documents set out the terms and conditions of the Securities and document the terms 
of the agreements on which the various parties involved in the Securities are appointed. The Issue Level 
Documents are required for the issuance of the Securities and set out the specific terms. 
Issue Level Documents 
When we issue the Securities, we will enter into a single "Constituting Instrument" with all relevant parties in 
relation to the Securities. 
Under the terms of this Constituting Instrument, the Master Trust Terms (which include the terms and 
conditions applicable to each Tranche of the Securities (the "Master Terms and Conditions")) and the other 
master documents relevant to this Series will be incorporated by reference and adopted for this Series, as 
amended and supplemented to the extent necessary to reflect the particular features of this Series. This 
means that one single document constitutes all the main contractual documents which apply to the Securities. 
Certain further documentation, including confirmations in respect of any transactions with the Counterparty 
and closing letters, is also required in respect of the Securities.  
There will also be an offer document in respect of each Tranche, being the Final Terms (in the case of Non-
exempt Offers) or the Pricing Terms (in the case of Exempt Offers) in respect of that Tranche. The Final 
Terms or the Pricing Terms, as the case may be, should be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Securities will be comprised of:  

the General Terms and Conditions and the Participation Securities Conditions, set out in the Schedule 
to this Base Prospectus;  

as modified and/or supplemented by the “Issue Terms” (the General Terms and Conditions and the 
Participation Securities Conditions as modified and supplemented by the Issue Terms being the 
“Conditions”); and  

in respect of each Tranche, where the Securities are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for 
the purposes of MiFID II and/or are to be offered to the public in the EEA, the “Final Terms” will 
complete the Conditions pursuant to Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation; or 

in respect of each Tranche, where the Securities are offered in a particular jurisdiction under an 
exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3.2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the “Pricing Terms” complete the Conditions.  
All references in the Conditions to “Pricing Document”, “Final Terms” or “Pricing Terms” shall be deemed to 
be to the Issue Terms, as completed by the relevant Final Terms or Pricing Terms, as the case may be. 
Programme Level Documents  
The master documents that exist as at the date of this Base Prospectus are set out in the diagram below (but 
note the reference to the Master Portfolio Management Terms are to the Master Portfolio Management Terms 
(Algebris Version) referred to and scheduled to the Constituting Instrument in respect of the Securities):

--- Page 70 ---
70 
Set out below is a summary of each of the key documents and its function. 
Trust and agency documents 
Trust Deed (including Master Terms and Conditions) 
The Master Trust Terms contain the terms on which the Trustee is appointed by us and the security in favour 
of the Trustee is created. The Master Trust Terms will, together with the Constituting Instrument relating to 
the Securities, comprise the Trust Deed for this Series, as amended and supplemented by the Constituting 
Instrument. The Master Trust Terms include the Master Terms and Conditions for the Securities which are 
the "Terms and Conditions" of the Securities. 
Agency Agreement 
The Master Agency Terms contain the terms on which the relevant agents (including the Issue Agent, 
Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agent(s), the Registrar and the Transfer Agent) will be appointed to act 
on our behalf in respect of the Securities. The Master Agency Terms will, together with the Constituting 
Instrument relating to the Securities, comprise the Agency Agreement for this Series. 
Custody Agreement 
The Master Custody Terms contain the terms on which the Custodian will be appointed to act on our behalf 
in respect of the Securities, including holding the Charged Assets (which includes the physical assets 
acquired by the Issuer to hedge its obligations in respect of the Participation Securities) on our behalf and 
holding any cash account that we require. The Master Custody Terms will, together with the Constituting 
Instrument relating to the Securities, comprise the Custody Agreement for this Series. See the section of this 
Base Prospectus headed ‘Description of the Custody Arrangements’. 
Master Portfolio 
Management 
Terms 
Master Custody 
Terms 
Master Agency 
Terms 
Master Definitions 
Constituting 
Instrument 
Master Terms and 
Conditions 
Master Placing 
Terms 
Master Swap 
Terms 
Master Charged 
Assets Sale Terms 
Master Trust Terms

--- Page 71 ---
71 
Swap documents 
Swap Agreement 
The Master Swap Terms contain provisions of the Swap Agreement between us and the Counterparty relating 
to the Securities, pursuant to which us and the Counterparty are required to pay and be entitled to receive 
certain agreed amounts. The Master Swap Terms will, together with the Constituting Instrument relating to 
the Securities, comprise the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement and Schedule for this Series, as amended and 
supplemented by the Constituting Instrument. The Swap Agreement shall also ordinarily include a 
Confirmation which supplements the ISDA Master and Schedule and sets out the terms of the swap 
transaction relating to the Securities between us and the Counterparty. See further the section of this Base 
Prospectus headed “Description of the Charged Agreement”.  
Portfolio Management Agreement 
The Master Portfolio Management Terms (Algebris Version) are scheduled to the Constituting Instrument, 
and contain the terms of appointment and operation of the Portfolio Manager. The Master Portfolio 
Management Terms will, together with the Constituting Instrument relating to the Securities, comprise the 
Portfolio Management Agreement for this Series. See the section of this Base Prospectus headed 
“Description of the Portfolio Management Agreement”.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
INVESTOR SUITABILITY 
IMPORTANT – PLEASE NOTE 
The purchase of the Securities involves substantial risks. You should be familiar with instruments having 
characteristics similar to the Securities and should fully understand the terms of the Securities and the nature 
and extent of its exposure to risk of loss.  
Before making an investment decision, you should conduct an independent investigation and analysis 
regarding the Issuer, the Securities, the Portfolio Manager under the Portfolio Manager Agreement, the 
Counterparty under the Charged Agreement and all other relevant persons and such market and economic 
factors as you deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities. As part 
of such independent investigation and analysis, you should consider carefully all the information in this Base 
Prospectus, in the applicable Pricing Document and the considerations set out below.  
Investment in the Securities is only suitable if you:  
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable you 
to evaluate the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the applicable Pricing Document 
and the merits and risks of an investment in the Securities in the context of your own financial 
circumstances and investment objectives; 
(ii) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the Securities (including a loss of all of 
some of your investment) for an indefinite period of time;  
(iii) 
are acquiring an interest in the Securities for your own account for investment, not with a view to 
resale, distribution or other disposition of such interest (subject to any applicable law requiring that 
the disposition of the investor’s property be within its control); and  
(iv) 
recognise that it may not be possible to make any transfer of the Securities for a substantial period 
of time, if at all.  
No reliance 
You must make your own determination as to whether the Securities are a suitable investment for you and 
whether you can legally invest in the Securities. You may not rely on us or the Arranger or any of its respective 
affiliates in connection with such determination.  
Legality of Purchase 
We do not have or assume, and none of the Arranger, the Agents, the Trustee or any affiliate of any of them 
or other person on their behalf has or assumes, responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the 
Securities by you, whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of your incorporation or the jurisdiction in which 
you operates (if different), or for compliance by you with any law, regulation or regulatory policy applicable to 
you. 
No representations
We do not make, and none of the Trustee, the Agents or the Arranger makes any representation or warranty, 
express or implied, in respect of: 
(i) 
any Charged Assets or any obligor of Charged Assets; 
(ii) 
the Counterparty or in respect of the Charged Agreement;  
(iii) 
the Portfolio Manager in respect of the Portfolio Manager Agreement; or

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(iv) 
any information contained in any documents prepared, provided or filed by or on behalf of any such 
obligor in respect of itself or such Charged Assets or of the Counterparty or in respect of the Charged 
Agreement with any exchange, governmental, supervisory or self-regulatory authority or any other 
person.
Independent Review and Advice 
You must determine, based on your own independent review and such legal, business, accounting, 
regulatory and tax advice as you deems appropriate under the circumstances, that your investment in the 
Securities (i) is fully consistent with your financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully 
consistent with all investment policies, guidelines, authorisations and restrictions applicable to you, (iii) has 
been duly approved in accordance with all applicable laws and procedures and (iv) is a fit, proper and suitable 
investment for you, undertaken for a proper purpose

--- Page 74 ---
74 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
General
You should be aware that the Arranger, the Portfolio Manager the Counterparty and any of its affiliates may 
act in a number of capacities in connection with any issue of Securities. The Arranger, the Counterparty or 
any such affiliate, as the case may be, has no duties or responsibilities to you other than those stated in the 
documents in respect of the Securities.  
The Arranger, the Portfolio Manager, the Counterparty and any of its affiliates may, at any time: 
(i) 
enter into business dealings and enter into any kind of commercial or investment banking transaction 
relating to the Securities or the Charged Assets or any asset to which the Securities or Charged 
Assets are exposed (including the acquisition of the Securities) from which they may derive revenues 
and profits in addition to any fees related to the Securities. Such activity may have an adverse effect 
on you or us and such entities shall not be required to account to you or us for any such revenue and 
profits. 
(ii) 
have certain information (confidential or otherwise) which they are not obliged to notify you or us 
which may affect your decision to invest in the Securities if you had known such information. 
(iii) 
participate in or act as market maker in relation to a wide range of assets (including currencies, 
instruments relating to currencies, securities and derivatives) which may, temporarily or on a long-
term basis, affect the price of such assets and any Securities exposed to such assets. None of the 
Arranger, the Counterparty or any of its affiliates are obliged to take into account your interests when 
effecting transactions in such markets. 
One or more of the Arranger, the Portfolio Manager, the Counterparty and its affiliates may: 
(i) 
have placed or underwritten, or acted as a financial arranger, structuring agent or adviser in 
connection with the original issuance of, or may act as a broker or dealer with respect to the Charged 
Assets; 
(ii) 
act as trustee, paying agent and in other capacities in connection with certain of the Charged Assets 
or other classes of securities issued by an issuer of, or obligor with respect to, the Charged Assets 
or an affiliate thereof; 
(iii) 
be a counterparty to issuers of, or obligors with respect to, certain of the Charged Assets under a 
swap or other derivative agreements; 
(iv) 
lend to certain of the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Charged Assets or their respective 
affiliates or receive guarantees from such issuers, obligors or their respective affiliates; 
(v) 
provide other investment banking, asset management, commercial banking, financing or financial 
advisory services to the issuers of, or obligors with respect to, the Charged Assets or their respective 
affiliates; or 
(vi) 
have an equity interest, which may be a substantial equity interest, in certain issuers of, or obligors 
with respect to, the Charged Assets or their respective affiliates. 
The parties appointed by us in respect of the Securities are entitled to certain fees and expenses which are 
paid in priority to (i.e. before) you are paid amounts on such Securities. You will only be paid amounts due 
on the Securities after such parties have been paid. In addition, the Arranger may receive a rebate of fees 
from the Portfolio Manager. 
Such parties may enter into other transactions and arrangements in relation to the Charged Assets for such 
Securities (e.g. entering into a swap or derivative transaction) which means their interests in respect of the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Charged Assets may not be aligned with your interests. For example, such party may have entered into a 
derivative transaction where the amount it gets paid is determined by the reduction in value of the Charged 
Assets or a default of any obligor of the Charged Assets. This means that such party will benefit from a 
reduced value of the Charged Assets while your Securities may suffer losses in such case. 
Such party may take action under any such transaction or arrangements which may be adverse to you or our 
interests. For example, in respect of a loan that a party may make to the obligor of any Charged Asset, such 
party may demand immediate repayment of the amount due, seek to refinance that loan, enforce that loan or 
seek collateral from the obligor. This action may reduce the value of any assets of that obligor, and therefore 
reduce the value of the Charged Assets. This means that such party may take action which is adverse to 
your and/or our interests and may reduce the amount you receive in respect of the Securities. 
The Counterparty
You should be aware that the Counterparty may act in its discretion when exercising its rights under the 
Charged Agreement, including any right to terminate the Charged Agreement. The Counterparty has no 
obligation to consider your interests and has no responsibility towards you or any other person when 
exercising its rights. You should be aware that the Counterparty is likely to try to maximise the benefit to itself 
(i.e. maximise any payments due to it and minimise any payments due from it) and is not liable to account to 
you or any other person for any benefit it receives as a result of such action. 
The Portfolio Manager and the Counterparty 
The Portfolio Manager may not only act as portfolio manager with regards to the Reference Portfolio and the 
Securities (and receive fees in this capacity), but may at the same time provide services (including, but not 
limited, acting as asset/portfolio manager or financial/investment advisor) to investors in the Securities acting 
as either principal or agent. The Portfolio Manager may also manage or advise in assets that have investment 
objectives similar or dissimilar to the Issuer and/or the Securities.  
This may result in potential conflicts of interest between the investor’s interests and the Portfolio Manager's 
interests. Securityholders to whom the Portfolio Manager provides services should consult with the Portfolio 
Manager in order to assess how such potential conflicts are addressed. 
You should be aware that the (i) Portfolio Manager in respect of the Securities may act as portfolio manager 
and/or (ii) the Counterparty may act as swap counterparty, in respect of securities issued by the Arranger or 
by a special purpose vehicle under a programme arranged by the Arranger.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
FORM OF THE SECURITIES 
The Securities will comprise Securities in registered form (“Registered Securities”).  
Registered Securities will be represented either by one or more definitive certificates (each a “Registered 
Certificate”) registered in the name of the person(s) entitled thereto or by a global certificate (a “Global 
Registered Certificate”), which will be either deposited with and registered in the name of a Common 
Depositary (or its nominee) on behalf of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System 
(“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) or any clearing system specified 
in the Constituting Instrument or, if the Global Registered Certificate is held under the New Safekeeping 
Structure, deposited with and registered in the name of a Common Safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
ISSUE TERMS 
The “Terms and Conditions” of the Securities comprise of:  
(a) 
the general terms and conditions set out in Part A of the Schedule to this Base Prospectus (the 
“General Terms and Conditions”) as varied and supplemented for Participation Securities by the 
participation securities conditions in Annex One to the General Terms and Conditions, set out in 
Part B of the Schedule to this Base Prospectus (the “Participation Securities Conditions”, and 
together with the General Terms and Conditions, the “Master Conditions”);  
(b) 
as further varied and supplemented in respect of these Securities in the issue specific terms set out 
in this section (the “Issue Terms”, and together with the Master Conditions, the “Conditions”); and 
(c) 
in respect of each Tranche of the Securities, as completed by the Final Terms (in the case of Non-
exempt Offers) or the Pricing Terms (in the case of Exempt Offers) relating to such Tranche, which 
will be in the form set out in the section headed “Form of [Final Terms][Pricing Terms]” (the “Final 
Terms” or the “Pricing Terms”). 
All references in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities to “Pricing Document” shall be deemed to be to 
these Issue Terms, as completed by the Final Terms or the Pricing Terms, as the case may be. 
To the extent that that information in these Issue Terms may apply to Non-exempt Offers and Exempt Offers 
interchangeably, all references to the “Final Terms” shall be understood to include references to the “Pricing 
Terms” with respect to each Tranche of the Securities.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions.  
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. However, a KID pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 has been prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Securities. If you have not received a copy of the KID you should request this from the 
Distributors prior to making any investment decision in relation to the Securities.  
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Securities is (x) eligible counterparties and professional clients and (y) subject to suitability and 
appropriateness assessment, retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Securities to retail clients are appropriate: 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services, subject to the 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities, including with respect to any retail 
clients (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
1. 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Harp Issuer plc (LEI: 6354004X7YVOLLD4FR65) 
(ii) 
Arranger: 
UBS AG, London Branch 
2. 
(i) 
Series Number:
33 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
As specified in the Final Terms.   
(iii) 
Series Limit: 
Up to Eur 750,000,000 
3. 
Type of Securities: 
Notes 
The Securities are Actively Managed Securities
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
The amount specified in the Final Terms (as the same 
may be redeemed in connection with a purchase and 
cancellation of some, but not all, of the Securities 
pursuant to Condition 7(h) (Purchase) and Condition 
7(k) (Cancellation) and as may be further increased 
pursuant to Further Securities Notices or decreased 
pursuant to Arranger Repurchase Notices.
5. 
Issue Price: 
As specified in the Final Terms.  
6. 
Authorised Denomination: 
EUR 1,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000.
7. 
Specified Currency: 
EUR 
8. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
As specified in the Final Terms.  
(ii) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
In respect of the first Tranche of Securities the Issue 
Date and in respect of each further Tranche of 
Securities, the Interest Payment Date immediately 
preceding the Issue Date of such Tranche of Securities 
(and if there is no such Interest Payment Date, the 
Issue Date of that Tranche).  
9. 
Maturity Date: 
29 November 2028 (the “Scheduled Maturity Date”) 
Maturity Date Extension applies in accordance with 
Participation Securities Condition 6 (Maturity Date 
Extension), Participation Securities Condition 6(5) shall 
be Applicable, and:

--- Page 79 ---
79 
“Final Scheduled Maturity Date” means 1 December 
2042  
“Maximum Permitted Extension Period” means 7 
years  
10. 
Interest Basis: 
Fixed Interest applies. 
Variable Interest does not apply. 
(further particulars specified in paragraphs 15 to 18 
below) 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption linked to the performance of the 
Reference Portfolio, in accordance with Participation 
Securities Condition 2 (Scheduled Redemption)  
(further particulars specified in paragraphs 19 to 24 
below) 
12. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/ 
Payment Basis: 
Not Applicable 
13. 
Status of the Securities: 
(i) 
Status of the Securities: 
Secured and limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, 
secured as set out under Security below and subject to 
the priority set out under Priority below 
(ii) 
Priority: 
Counterparty Priority, provided that paragraph 1 in 
Condition 4(d) (Application) shall be amended to read 
as follows: 
“(1) “Counterparty Priority” means:  
(i) 
first, (a) in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Custodian and/or the other Agents in respect 
of any amounts payable by the Issuer in 
relation to the Securities under the Custody 
Agreement 
or 
the 
Agency 
Agreement 
respectively (including but not limited to any 
amounts of value added tax or other taxes 
due to any applicable revenue authorities); 
(b) in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Custodian for reimbursement in respect of 
payment of any amount in respect of the 
Charged Assets made to the Issuer and/or 
the Principal Paying Agent on its behalf prior 
to receipt of the same by the Custodian 
including, if applicable, any amounts due to 
the Custodian in relation to the performance 
of any FundSettle Services; and (c) in 
meeting the claims (if any) of the Principal 
Paying Agent for reimbursement in respect of 
payment of principal and interest made to the 
Securityholders, the Receiptholders and/or, 
as the case may be, Couponholders (if any) 
prior to receipt of the same by the Principal 
Paying Agent, each of the claims in (a), (b)

--- Page 80 ---
80 
and (c) above to rank pari passu and 
rateably; 
(ii) secondly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Counterparty under the Charged Agreement; 
(iii) thirdly, in meeting the claims of the Portfolio 
Manager in respect of amounts payable 
under the Portfolio Management Agreement; 
(iv) fourthly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Securityholders, the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders (if any) pari passu and 
rateably; and  
(v) fifthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to 
the Issuer;”. 
14. 
Method of distribution: 
Non-syndicated 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Interest Provisions: 
Applicable
16. 
Fixed Interest provisions: 
Applicable
(i) 
Fixed Interest Amount Percentage: 
As specified in the Final Terms.   
(ii) 
Interest Payment Dates:  
As specified in the Final Terms.  
(iii) Calculation Amount:  
For the purposes of determining an Interest Amount in 
respect of each Security, an amount equal to its 
outstanding principal amount. 
(iv) Relevant Business Day: 
A Business Day (as defined in paragraph 30 below). 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction:  
Actual/365
(vi) Business Day Convention: 
Following Business Day Convention 
17. 
Variable Interest provisions: 
Not Applicable. 
18. 
Additional provisions relating to interest: 
Not Applicable 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Issuer Call: 
Applicable 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
In accordance with Participation Securities Condition 4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), provided that 
Participation Condition 4(1) will be amended by adding 
“, the Portfolio Manager” after “the Agents” in the first 
sentence thereof, so that Issuer must also send the 
notice referred to Participation Condition 4(1) to the 
Portfolio Manager, in addition to the parties already 
specified therein.   
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
The “Optional Redemption Amount” determined in 
accordance with Participation Securities Condition 4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), save that the 
formula contained in Condition 4 shall be amended by

--- Page 81 ---
81 
the deletion of the terms “Max” and “Minimum 
Redemption Amount;”.  
In respect of each Security, if the aggregate of the 
Optional Redemption Amount of such Security, 
together with any other amounts paid in respect of such 
Security, exceeds the Authorised Denomination of 
such Security, any such excess shall constitute a 
payment of interest in respect of such Security for Irish 
tax purposes.  
20. 
Investor Put: 
The Issuer shall, subject to compliance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, at the option of a 
holder of the Securities, redeem in full (or, in the case 
of an optional redemption exercised by only some but 
not all holders of the Securities, only the Securities in 
respect of which an optional redemption has been 
exercised) at the amount equal to the Investor Put 
Redemption Amount on the Investor Put Redemption 
Date subject to no Investor Put Cancellation Notice (as 
defined below) being delivered by the Calculation 
Agent. All such Securities which are redeemed shall be 
cancelled by the Registrar or Transfer Agent. Condition 
7(g)(1) 
(Redemption 
at 
the 
Option 
of 
the 
Securityholders or the Issuer) shall be construed 
accordingly.  
To exercise such option the holder must deliver a duly 
completed notice of redemption in substantially the 
form set out in Schedule 2 to these Issue Terms, or in 
such other form as may be required by the relevant 
Clearing System (“Redemption Notice”) in the form 
provided for this purpose by the Clearing Systems, 
together with an authority to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
(as 
appropriate) 
to 
debit 
such 
Securityholder’s account accordingly and provided 
that, in the case of any Security represented by a 
Global Registered Certificate registered in the name of 
any other person, the Securityholder must deliver such 
Redemption Notice together with an instruction to such 
person to amend its records accordingly (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as a reduction in nominal amount). No 
authority so given may be withdrawn without the prior 
written consent of the Issuer or upon receipt by a 
Securityholder of an Investor Put Cancellation Notice. 
A Redemption Notice shall be delivered by the holder 
of the relevant Security (the date of such Redemption 
Notice, the “Redemption Notice Date”) no later than 
10.00 a.m. (London time) six Business Days prior to an 
Investor Put Redemption Date.  
(a) 
Investor Put Redemption Dates: 
The last Business Day of each calendar month.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
(b) 
Investor Put Redemption Amount: 
In respect of each Security which the holder of such 
Security has exercised its option to redeem such 
Security, as calculated by the Calculation Agent: 
The product of (i) 0.998 and (ii) Min (Calculation 
Amount x (Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level / 
Aggregate Initial Reference Portfolio Level)); Hedging 
Proceeds, 
provided that the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level 
for these purposes shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Business Day immediately 
following the Redemption Notice Date.  
For the purposes of the General Terms and Conditions 
and the Participation Securities Conditions, and for the 
avoidance of doubt, (i) unless the context requires 
otherwise, references to the term “Redemption 
Amount” shall be deemed to include a reference to the 
Investor Put Redemption Amount; (ii) all references to 
redemption pursuant to the “Investor Put” in the Master 
Conditions shall be deemed to be references to the 
provisions set out in these Issue Terms in relation to 
redemption at the option of the Securityholder on an 
Investor Put Redemption Date, and (iii) Participation 
Condition 9(5)(B) shall be deemed to also refer to the 
Investor Put Redemption Amount. 
In respect of each Security, if the aggregate of the 
Investor Put Redemption Amount of such Security, 
together with any other amounts paid in respect of such 
Security, exceeds the Authorised Denomination of 
such Security, any such excess shall constitute a 
payment of interest in respect of such Security for Irish 
tax purposes.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, solely for the purposes 
of Participation Condition 6(5), Participation Condition 
5 (Redemption at the option of the Securityholders) 
shall apply without any amendment thereto, and for the 
purposes of determining the Optional Redemption 
Amount, “Minimum Redemption Amount” shall be zero. 
Investors should be aware that the Investor Put 
Redemption Amount is calculated by reference to 
the performance of the Reference Portfolio, but can 
never be greater than a pro rata share of the 
liquidation proceeds of the relevant portion of the 
Hedging Portfolio.  
(c) 
Cancellation 
of 
Redemption 
Request 
If within four Business Days after the Redemption 
Notice Date, the Issuer is not able to liquidate the 
required amount of Charged Assets that, together with 
any cash available to the Issuer, is sufficient to pay the 
Investor Put Redemption Amount, the Calculation 
Agent shall deliver a notice in the form set out in 
Schedule 3 hereto (an “Investor Put Cancellation 
Notice”) to the relevant Securityholders, copying the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Custodian, the Registrar and 
the Portfolio Manager and a Redemption Notice shall

--- Page 83 ---
83 
be of no effect and early redemption of Securities shall 
not occur with respect to such Redemption Notice. 
21. 
Scheduled Redemption Amount: 
The Scheduled Redemption Amount in accordance 
with Participation Securities Condition 2 (Scheduled 
Redemption Amount). The Minimum Redemption 
Amount shall not be applicable, and therefore shall 
mean EUR 0 (zero) and the Maximum Redemption 
Amount shall not apply.  
In respect of each Security, if the aggregate of the 
Scheduled Redemption Amount of such Security, 
together with any other amounts paid in respect of such 
Security, exceeds the Authorised Denomination of 
such Security, any such excess shall constitute a 
payment of interest in respect of such Security. 
22. 
Physical Settlement:  
Not Applicable 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
termination of the Charged Agreement or 
on 
default 
and/or 
the 
method 
of 
calculating the same (if required or if 
different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
The Early Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Participation 
Securities 
Condition 
3.3 
(Early 
Redemption Amount). The Minimum Redemption 
Amount shall not be applicable, and therefore shall 
mean EUR 0 (zero).  
In respect of each Security, if the aggregate of the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Security, together with 
any other amounts paid in respect of such Security, 
exceeds the Authorised Denomination of such 
Security, any such excess shall constitute a payment 
of interest in respect of such Security. 
24. 
Additional 
provisions 
relating 
to 
redemption: 
(a) 
Early Redemption Date: 
In accordance with the definition of “Early Redemption 
Date” in the Participation Securities Conditions. 
(b) 
Early 
Redemption 
Notional 
Liquidation Period Start Date: 
In accordance with the definition of “Early Redemption 
Notional Liquidation Period Start Date” in the 
Participation Securities Conditions. 
(c) 
Maturity 
Notional 
Liquidation 
Period Start Date: 
In accordance with the definition of “Maturity Notional 
Liquidation Period Start Date” in the Participation 
Securities Conditions. 
(d) 
Stop Loss Level: 
20% of the Aggregate Initial Reference Portfolio Level. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Events: 
(a) 
Charged Agreement Termination Event –
Applicable; 
(b) 
Portfolio Manager Default Event – Applicable, 
and paragraph (G) of the definition of “Portfolio 
Manager 
Default 
Event” 
shall 
be 
Not 
Applicable;  
(c) 
Portfolio 
Manager 
Termination 
Event 
- 
Applicable; 
(d) 
Stop Loss Event - Applicable;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(e) 
Selling Restriction Breach - Applicable; 
(f) 
Administrator / Benchmark Event – Not 
Applicable; 
(g) 
Regulatory Event - Applicable; 
(h) 
Securities Tax Event - Applicable;  
(i) 
Charged Assets Tax Event - Applicable;  
(j) 
Threshold Event - Applicable, subject to the 
provisions below and the Threshold Amount is: 
EUR 100,000,000. 
The definition of “Threshold Event” shall be deemed to 
be deleted and replaced with the following: 
““Threshold Event” means, the outstanding principal 
amount of the Securities being less than the Threshold 
Amount for a consecutive period of 30 calendar days, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent.”  
(f) 
Arranger Repurchase: 
Applicable 
(g) 
Arranger Subscription: 
Applicable 
(h) 
Arranger Fee: 
The Arranger Fee shall comprise of the following and 
shall be calculated and payable as specified below: 
(i) firstly, an amount equal to 0.30 per cent per annum 
of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level as 
calculated by the Calculation Agent which shall be 
deducted from the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level 
on a pro-rata daily basis as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent with reference to the closing 
Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level in respect of the 
immediately preceding Reference Portfolio Calculation 
Date in accordance with the Participation Securities 
Conditions and payable within 5 Business Days of each 
of 31 December, 31 March, 30 June and 30 September 
in each year commencing from (and including) 31 
December 2021 and ending on (and excluding) the 
Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(ii) secondly, an amount equal to 0.05 per cent of the 
amount which is (A) the aggregate Investor Put 
Redemption Amounts paid to holders of Securities as a 
result of the exercise of any Investor Put during the 
relevant Interest Period, divided by (B) 0.998, payable 
to the Arranger on each Investor Put Redemption Date.
(i) 
Broker Fee: 
In respect of a Rebalancing or Liquidation, 0.05 per 
cent of: 
(A) the notional purchase price (as determined in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Portfolio 
Management 
Agreement) in respect of each Eligible Constituent

--- Page 85 ---
85 
notionally purchased (so as to be added to the 
Reference Portfolio) and (B) the sale price (as 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Portfolio 
Management Agreement) in respect of each Reference 
Portfolio Constituent notionally sold (so as to be 
removed from the Reference Portfolio).  
Where the Issuer uses a third party broker (a 
“Specified Request Hedging Broker”) in respect of 
any transaction in connection with a Rebalancing or 
Liquidation, a broker fee may be payable by the Issuer 
to the relevant Specified Request Hedging Broker as 
separately agreed. 
(j) 
Portfolio Manager Fee: 
0.33 per cent. per annum of the Aggregate Reference 
Portfolio Level, deducted on a pro rata daily basis from 
the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level as at the end 
of the immediately preceding Reference Portfolio 
Calculation Date as calculated by the Calculation Agent 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
Portfolio 
Management 
Agreement.  
The Portfolio Manager Fee shall be payable within 5 
Business Days of each of 31 December, 31 March, 30 
June and 30 September in each year commencing from 
(and including) 31 December 2021 and ending on (and 
excluding) the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(k) 
Portfolio Manager Performance 
Fee: 
Not Applicable  
(l) 
High Water Mark Level: 
Not Applicable 
(m) 
Commission: 
The amount  payable by the Securityholder to the 
Distributor, as may be agreed separately between 
those parties.  
(n) 
Notional Liquidation Period: 
In accordance with the definition of “Notional 
Liquidation Period” in the Participation Securities 
Conditions.  
(o) 
Additional provisions relating to 
redemption: 
Not Applicable 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SECURITY, AGENTS, OTHER PARTIES AND DISTRIBUTION 
25. 
Security: 
(i) 
Charged Assets 
The Charged Assets are also referred to as the 
“Hedging Portfolio”. 
As at the Issue Date, the Charged Assets shall 
comprise EUR cash only, which shall be credited to the 
Issuer’s account with the Custodian. At any time 
thereafter, the Charged Assets may comprise corporate 
bonds, equities, derivatives, foreign exchange and any 
cash held in the Issuer’s account with the Custodian

--- Page 86 ---
86 
subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of 
the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
(ii) 
Additional 
Participation 
Securities provisions 
(iii) 
Reference Portfolio: 
As specified in Schedule 1  
(iv) 
Replacement: 
Condition 4(f)(1) (Replacement and/or substitution of 
Charged Assets) shall not apply. 
(v) 
Substitution: 
Condition 4(f)(2) (Replacement and/or substitution of 
Charged Assets) shall not apply.
(vi) 
Custodian: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
(vii) 
Custody Accounts: 
Means the accounts in the name of the Issuer opened 
by the Custodian in respect of the Securities under and 
pursuant to the terms of the Custody Agreement.  
The Custody Accounts shall be a segregated 
securities account together with a cash account, both 
held in the name of the Issuer with the Custodian. 
(viii) 
Charged Agreement: 
As specified in the Final Terms.   
(ix) 
Counterparty: 
UBS AG, London Branch  
(x) 
Other provisions with respect to 
the Mortgaged Property: 
Not Applicable
(xi) 
Securities Lending Agreement: 
Not Applicable 
26. 
 
(i) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
Not Applicable 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
Not Applicable 
(iii) 
Additional selling restrictions: 
Not Applicable 
27. 
 
(i) 
Issue Agent / Principal Paying 
Agent / Paying Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its 
London Branch 
(ii) 
Registrar/Transfer Agent 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch 
(iii) 
Portfolio Manager 
Algebris (UK) Limited 
(iv) 
Broker 
UBS AG, London Branch 
(v) 
Calculation Agent 
UBS AG, London Branch 
28. 
Exchange of Permanent Global Security:
Not Applicable. 
29. 
Additional Business Day:  
Not Applicable.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
30. 
Business Days: 
Means, in connection with any payment procedure (i) a 
day on which Clearstream Luxembourg and Euroclear 
are open for business, (ii) foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in the Specified Currency, and (iii) a 
day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency 
deposits) 
in 
Dublin 
(Ireland), 
Zurich 
(Switzerland), 
Frankfurt 
(Germany), 
Luxembourg 
(Luxembourg) and the financial centre of the 
jurisdiction of the Calculation Agent and the Portfolio 
Manager. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES
Form of Securities:
31. 
 
(i) 
Form: 
Registered Securities 
Global Registered Certificate registered in the name of 
a nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg exchangeable for definitive 
Registered Certificates in limited circumstances. 
(ii) 
TEFRA: 
Not Applicable
(iii) 
New Global Note (NGN): 
Not Applicable
32. 
 
(i) 
Held under New Safekeeping 
Structure: 
Not Applicable 
(ii) 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating 
to Payment Dates: 
Not Applicable 
33. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to definitive Securities (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
No.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING:
Listing and admission to trading:
Application will be made for each Tranche of the Securities 
to be admitted to listing and to trading on the multilateral 
trading facility operated by Wiener Borse AG (the “Vienna 
MTF”). The Vienna MTF is not a regulated market for the 
purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial 
securities. No assurance can be given that such application 
will be approved. There is no guarantee that admission to 
listing or to trading on the Vienna MTF will be obtained or, if 
so obtained, will be maintained for the life of the Securities. 
Application may be made for each Tranche of the Securities 
to be admitted to such other or further stock exchange(s) 
or markets as determined by the Issuer, as specified in the 
Pricing Terms. 
2.
RATINGS:
Ratings:
The Securities to be issued will not been rated. 
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER:
Save for any fees payable to the Dealer, the Arranger, the Portfolio Manager and the Broker, so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Securities has an interest material to the offer. 
Each of the Dealer, the Arranger, the Portfolio Manager and the Broker and its Affiliates have engaged 
and may engage in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
the same for, the Issuer in the ordinary course of business.
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS:
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of 
Securities in EUR will, as of each respective Issue Date, be 
credited to the Custody Account. Such proceeds (after a 
portion of them has been used to pay certain expenses and 
fees in relation to the issue of the Securities) will comprise 
the Charged Assets (together with any other Charged 
Assets in respect of already existing Tranches) and 
following the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche, will then 
be applied in the purchase of assets in accordance with the 
Portfolio Management Agreement.  
5. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
XS2297055126 
Common Code:
229705512 
Valor: 
58758566 
CFI: 
DAFNFR  
FISN: 
HARP ISSUER PUB/.01EMTN 20280331

--- Page 89 ---
89 
Clearing system(s) and any 
relevant identification 
number(s):
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, S.A.
Delivery:
Delivery against payment 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility:
No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, should the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria be amended in the future such that the Securities 
are capable of meeting them the Securities may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper 
(and registered in the name of a nominee of one of the 
ICSDs acting as common Safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Securities will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem at 
any time during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
have been met.  
Potential Section 871(m) 
Transaction:
The Issuer has determined that the Securities should not be 
subject to withholding under Section 871(m) of the Code, 
and hereby instructs its agents and withholding agents that 
no withholding is required, unless such agent or withholding 
agent knows or has reason to know otherwise. 
Status under Section 871(m) of 
the Code:
Not Section 871(m) Securities  
6.
DISTRIBUTION
(i) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) 
(if any): 
Not Applicable 
(ii) 
Name and address of 
Dealer: 
UBS AG, London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
(iii) 
Total commission, 
concession and/or fees: 
None 
(iv) 
Pre-closing Date and 
Time: 
Not Applicable 
(v) 
Closing Date and Time: 
Not Applicable 
(vi) 
Non-Exempt Offer: 
Applicable 

Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions: 
Ireland, 
Germany, 
Liechtenstein, 
Luxembourg, 
and 
Netherlands. 

Offer Period: 
From and including the date of the Final Terms in respect of 
Tranche 1 of the Securities to and excluding 15 October 
2022. The Issuer reserves the right to close the Offer Period 
early at its sole discretion. 

Financial 
intermediaries 
Each Distributor

--- Page 90 ---
90 
granted Prospectus 
in accordance with 
the Conditions in it: 

Other Authorised 
Offeror Terms: 
Not Applicable  
(vii)  Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
Not Applicable 
(viii)  Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors:
Applicable 
7.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
Offer Price: 
Issue Price 
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
The Issuer reserves the right to withdraw the offer for 
Securities at any time. Following withdrawal of the offer, if any 
application has been made by any potential investor, each 
such potential investor shall not be entitled to subscribe or 
otherwise acquire such Securities and any applications will be 
automatically cancelled and any purchase money will be 
refunded to the applicant by each Distributor in accordance 
with such Distributor’s usual procedures. 
Description of the application process: 
An offer of each Tranche of the Securities shall be made by a 
Distributor in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions and 
Switzerland to retail and professional investors during the 
Offer Period in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Applications for the Securities can be made in the Non-
Exempt Offer Jurisdictions and Switzerland through any 
Distributor during the Offer Period. Each Tranche of 
Securities will be placed into the Non-Exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions and Switzerland by a Distributor. Distribution will 
be in accordance with a Distributor's usual procedures, 
notified to investors by such Distributor. 
An offer of each Tranche of the Securities shall also be made 
by a Distributor in any country (including EEA and 
Switzerland) in compliance with the applicable local laws and 
pursuant to an exemption from the obligation under the 
applicable laws as implemented in such countries to publish 
a prospectus, including under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation (an “Exempt Offer”). 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application: 
The minimum and maximum amount of application from a 
Distributor will be notified to investors by such Distributor. 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
excess amount paid by applicants: 
Subscription 
orders 
may 
be 
reduced 
in 
case 
of 
oversubscription, excess amount of funds paid being reduced 
without delay with no entitlement for compensation. 
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Securities: 
Investors will be notified by the Distributors of their allocations 
of each Tranche of Securities and the settlement 
arrangements in respect thereof.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
The results of the offer of Tranche 1 of the Securities will be 
made public by the Issuer via publication on the website: 
www.harp-issuer.ie as soon as reasonably practicable 
following such offer. 
The results of the offer of the Further Securities will be made 
public by the Issuer via publication of the Final Terms in 
respect of the Further Securities on the website: www.harp-
issuer.ie as soon as reasonably practicable following such 
offer. 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
Not Applicable (a procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights is not planned). 
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
Offers of each Tranche of Securities shall be made by a 
Distributor in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdictions and in 
Switzerland to any retail investors and professional investors 
in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation.  
Offers of each Tranche of Securities in any country (including 
EEA countries and Switzerland) shall also be made by a 
Distributor pursuant to an Exempt Offer.  
Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and the indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
The maximum allocation of each Tranche of Securities will be 
subject only to availability at the time of application. There are 
no pre-identified allotment criteria. Each Distributor will adopt 
allotment criteria that ensure equal treatment of prospective 
investors. Each investor will be notified by a Distributor of its 
allocation of Securities in accordance with the arrangements 
in place between such investor and the Distributor. No 
dealings in each Tranche of the Securities may take place 
prior to each applicable Issue Date. 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
Not Applicable 
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place. 
UBS Switzerland AG, and UBS Europe SE, each as a 
distributor or any other distributor appointed by UBS 
Switzerland AG, the Issuer or the Dealer (each, a 
“Distributor”). 
UBS Switzerland AG 
Bärengasse 16 
8001 Zürich 
Switzerland  
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
8.
POST ISSUANCE INFORMATION
The Issuer shall from time to time provide reports and announcements available at its website:

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(a) at least on a monthly basis with respect of the composition of the Reference Portfolio on the basis of 
information provided to the Issuer by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) otherwise from time to time, to the extent the relevant disclosure is required by applicable law, 
including disclosure of any inside information required under Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any other post issuance information in relation to the Securities or 
in relation to the Charged Assets, unless required to do so by applicable law.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE ISSUE TERMS - REFERENCE PORTFOLIO 
[page left intentionally blank]

--- Page 94 ---
94 
1. 
REFERENCE PORTFOLIO 
The Reference Portfolio Constituents fall within Reference Portfolio Investment Universe(s) specified as Applicable in paragraph 2 below. The Initial 
Reference Portfolio is set out under paragraph 3 below. 
2. 
REFERENCE PORTFOLIO INVESTMENT UNIVERSES 
2.1 
Equities: 
Applicable, but only to the extent that such Equities (a) (i) form part of the Reference Portfolio due to being converted in 
accordance with their terms from an AT1 Bond (defined below) to Equity or (ii) constitute AT1 Shares and (b) are not issued 
by a Restricted Issuer.  
“Additional Tier 1 Capital Securities” means preferred shares or contingent convertible securities that are issued by a 
credit institution constituting additional tier 1 capital of such credit institution within the meaning of Basel Committee on 
Banking Supervision’s standards for bank capital and liquidity requirements. 
“AT1 Shares” means preferred shares that constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital Securities. 
“Restricted Issuer” means an entity: 
1.  that generates more than 5% of its direct revenues from production (e.g. online, TV), operation, and/or distribution (e.g. 
pay-per-view adult channels) of adult entertainment; 
2.  that generates more than 5% of its direct revenues from owning and/or operating gambling establishments (e.g. 
casinos, race tracks, online gambling), manufacturing specialized equipment used exclusively for gambling (e.g. slot 
machines, roulette wheels), and/or supporting products and services supplied to gambling operations 
3.  that generates more than 5% of its direct revenues from power from nuclear sources; 
4.  that generates more than 5% of its direct revenues from thermal coal;  
5.  that generates more than 5% of its direct revenues from the production, growth and sales of tobacco; and/or 
6.  which has any involvement in the manufacturing and sale of controversial weapon systems components and/or services 
/ war materials, assault weapons, small arms, and related components. The following weapons are considered: anti-
personnel mines, biological and chemical weapons, cluster weapons, depleted uranium ammunition, nuclear weapons 
and white phosphorus and other types of controversial weapons.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
For  the  purposes  of  the  definition  of  Restricted  Issuer,  provided  that  the  Portfolio Manager fully complies with 
its published ESG policies in force from time to time, the requirement set out in the definition of Restricted Issuer shall 
be deemed to be complied with. 
Constituent Investment Universe Criteria applicable to Equities : Applicable 
(Note – if the Constituent Investment Universe Criteria is specified as Not Applicable, any Equities would apply to this 
Reference Portfolio Investment Universe unless specified otherwise)
Index Component : 
Not Applicable 
Country : 
Not Applicable 
Minimum Liquidity : 
Not Applicable 
Short : 
No short positions can be taken in Equities 
Long : 
Only long positions can be taken in Equities 
Minimum Market Capitalisation : 
Not Applicable 
Eligible Currency : 
EUR, GBP, USD, JPY, AUD, NZD, CAD, CHF, NOK, SEK 
Section 871(m) Assets : 
Applicable (Equities can constitute Section 871(m) Assets but for 
the avoidance of doubt may not reference a U.S. equity index)
Weighting/Concentration: 
(A)  
The aggregate value of AT1 Shares, when aggregated 
with the AT1 Bonds and Equities resulting from the 
conversion of AT1 Bonds shall at no time exceed 40% of 
the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level. 
(B) 
At all times, the following criteria will also apply: 
(1) The aggregate value of Equities and Bonds in the 
Reference Portfolio issued by a single issuer shall at 
no time exceed 10% of the Aggregate Reference 
Portfolio Level;  
(2) The value of Bonds and Equities which are issued 
by a single issuer, each issuer representing more

--- Page 96 ---
96 
than 5% of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level 
must, when aggregated together, be less than 40% 
of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level. 
(3) The aggregate value of Equities and Bonds issued 
by issuers incorporated in the same jurisdiction must 
be less than 30% of the Aggregate Reference 
Portfolio Level. 
(4)   The aggregate value of Equities which are not listed 
on a Permitted Market must be less than 10% of the 
Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level. For this 
purpose, “Permitted Market” means (i) a “regulated 
market” as defined in point (21) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”), or (ii) an 
“equivalent third country market” as defined in point 
(b) of Article 1 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980, or (iii) an “SME growth market” as 
defined in point (12) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
2.2 
Funds: 
Not Applicable  
2.3 
Bonds: 
Applicable, provided such Bond is not issued by a Restricted Issuer. 
Constituent Investment Universe Criteria applicable to Bonds: Applicable 
(Note – if the Constituent Investment Universe Criteria is specified as Not Applicable, any Bonds would apply to this 
Reference Portfolio Investment Universe unless specified otherwise)
Index Component: 
Not Applicable 
Country: 
Not Applicable 
Minimum Liquidity: 
Not Applicable 
Short: 
No short positions can be taken in Bonds 
Long: 
Only long positions can be taken in Bonds

--- Page 97 ---
97 
Eligible Currency: 
Applicable 
EUR, GBP, USD, JPY, AUD, NZD, CAD, CHF, NOK, SEK
Rating 
Not Applicable.
Status: 
Bonds must clear directly in Euroclear, Clearstream or DTC 
Type of Bonds: 
Corporate bonds only 
Minimum Principal Amount Outstanding: 
Not Applicable (No Minimum Principal Amount Outstanding 
required). 
Secondary Market: 
Applicable  
Weighting/Concentration: 
(A)  
The aggregate value of AT1 Bonds, when aggregated 
with the AT1 Shares and Equities resulting from the 
conversion of AT1 Bonds shall at no time exceed 40% of 
the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level. 
(B) 
At all times, the following criteria will also apply: 
(1) The aggregate value of Equities and Bonds in the 
Reference Portfolio issued by a single issuer shall at 
no time exceed 10% of the Aggregate Reference 
Portfolio Level; 
(2) The value of Bonds and Equities which are issued 
by a single issuer, each issuer representing more 
than 5% of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level 
must, when aggregated together, be less than 40% 
of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level. 
(3) The aggregate value of Bonds and Equities issued 
by issuers incorporated in the same jurisdiction must 
be less than 30% of the Aggregate Reference 
Portfolio Level.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
“AT1 Bonds” means corporate bonds that constitute Additional 
Tier 1 Capital Securities.  
Indicative Price: 
Mid Price 
Section 871(m): 
Applicable (Bonds can constitute Section 871(m) Assets but for 
the avoidance of doubt may not reference a U.S. equity index) 
2.4 
Foreign Exchange: 
Applicable  
Constituent Investment Universe Criteria applicable to Foreign Exchange: Applicable 
Eligible Currency: 
EUR, GBP, USD, JPY, AUD, NZD, CAD, CHF, NOK, SEK 
Weighting: 
Not Applicable 
Section 871(m): 
Not Applicable
Type of Foreign Exchange (other than cash): 
Hedging only 
2.5 
Commodities: 
Not Applicable 
2.6 
Derivatives 
Applicable  
Constituent Investment Universe Criteria applicable to Derivatives :  
Interest Rate Swaps: Not Applicable 
FX Forwards: Applicable 
Short: 
Applicable 
Long: 
Applicable 
Eligible Currency: 
EUR, GBP, USD, JPY, AUD, NZD, CAD, CHF, NOK, SEK 
Weighting: 
Not Applicable 
Tenor: 
Maximum one year

--- Page 99 ---
99 
Section 871(m) Assets: 
Not Applicable
2.7 
Index: 
Not Applicable 
2.8
Securitised 
Products:
Not Applicable 
2.9 
Cash: 
Applicable  
Constituent Investment Universe Criteria applicable to Cash: Applicable 
Currency:
EUR, USD, GBP, JPY, AUD, NZD, CAD, CHF, NOK, 
SEK
Weighting: 
Minimum Cash position:
Applicable as set out below. 
The minimum amount of Cash, as Reference Portfolio 
Constituents, may not be less than 5 per cent of the 
Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level on at any time 
during the term of the Securities.
Maximum Cash position: 
The maximum amount of Cash, as Reference Portfolio 
Constituents, must be less than 50 per cent of the 
Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level on average over 
the lifetime of the Securities. 
2.10
Additional Reference Portfolio provisions:
Automatic Notional FX Forward Rolls: 
Not Applicable  
Notional FX Forward Roll Date: 
Not Applicable
Intra-Month Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrike: 
Applicable 
Maximum Percentage: 
5% 
Monthly Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrike Date: 
Not Applicable 
Adjustment Rate: 
Not Applicable

--- Page 100 ---
100 
Borrow Rate: 
Not Applicable
Financing Rate: 
Not Applicable
Foreign Exchange Charge: 
0.03 per cent. of the notional amount of each “Notional FX 
Forward” (as defined in the Portfolio Management Agreement) 
payable to the FX Broker.  
FX Broker Charge: 
0.03 per cent. of the notional amount of each “Notional FX Spot 
Transaction” (as defined in the Portfolio Management 
Agreement) payable to the FX Broker. 
Synthetic Currency Account(s): 
Not Applicable 
Synthetic Currency Account Reference Rate: 
Not Applicable 
3. 
INITIAL COMPOSITION AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO THE REFERENCE PORTFOLIO 
3.1 
Initial Reference Portfolio 
As at the Issue Date the Reference Portfolio shall comprise 100% in EUR cash. 
3.2 
Sample Reference Portfolio 
The Final Terms shall include details of a sample reference portfolio. 
The Reference Portfolio Constituents which are listed or disclosed in Schedule 1 to the Final Terms or Pricing Terms (as applicable) are a 
sample portfolio only.  This is called the “Sample Portfolio”.  On any day, including the Issue Date of each Tranche of Securities, the 
Reference Portfolio (and the Hedging Portfolio) shall comprise cash and/or other assets, securities, exposures or contracts which are different 
from the constituents of the Sample Portfolio (provided that they always comply with the Reference Portfolio Investment Universe and 
applicable Constituent Investment Universe Criteria). For information regarding the composition of the Reference Portfolio, Securityholders 
should review the Post Issuance Information to be provided by the Issuer in accordance with Paragraph 8 of Part B of the Issue Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
3.3 
Aggregate Initial Reference Portfolio Level: 
The amount of cash in EUR that constitutes the Reference Portfolio on the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche which is equal to the net proceeds of the issue of the Securities (as adjusted 
pursuant to any reduction or increase in the principal or nominal amount of the Securities). 
3.4 
Non-Exempt 
Offer 
Reference 
Portfolio 
Requirements: 
Not Applicable 
3.5 
Rebalancing Conditions: 
Maximum amount or number of Rebalancings: Rebalancings may occur daily, including more 
than one Rebalancing per day.  
Leverage: Not Applicable 
Value at Risk: Not Applicable 
3.6 
Hedging Portfolio:
The Issuer has provided an up-front direction for the Broker to purchase assets on behalf of 
the Issuer, such that the Hedging Portfolio on the Issue Date reflects the composition of the 
Reference Portfolio on the Issue Date. 
If the Portfolio Manager changes the Reference Portfolio by way of a rebalancing or liquidation 
and a Specified Request provides for a Direct Specified Request Transaction, the Issuer shall 
enter into a Direct Specified Request Transaction in respect of that rebalancing or liquidation 
to purchase or sell assets into or from the Hedging Portfolio from or to a Specified Request 
Hedging Broker so that the Hedging Portfolio remains equivalent to the Reference Portfolio. 
The amount of assets in the Hedging Portfolio on the Issue Date will be equal to the net issue 
proceeds of the Securities.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
SCHEDULE 2 TO THE ISSUE TERMS – FORM OF REDEMPTION NOTICE 
INVESTOR PUT REDEMPTION NOTICE 
To: 
 
HARP Issuer PLC (Issuer)  
[Date] 
HARP Issuer PLC - Series 33 EUR Denominated Actively Managed Securities linked to a portfolio 
managed by Algebris (UK) Limited due 2028 (the “Securities”) 
I/We, [             ] pursuant to paragraph 20 (Investor Put) of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, hereby 
give notice to the Issuer to redeem an outstanding amount of [] which is credited to my/our account noted 
below at the Investor Put Redemption Amount determined by the Calculation Agent, on the next Investor Put 
Redemption Date.   
I/We instruct that: 
1. 
the Investor Put Redemption Amount should be credited to my/our [cash account]; 
2. 
we authorise you to debit my/our [securities account], as may be required to give effect to the 
redemption; 
3. 
all such Securities which are redeemed shall be cancelled by the Registrar or Transfer Agent in 
accordance with paragraph 20 (Investor Put) of the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. [;  
4. 
your records be amended to reflect all of the above.]  
Any terms used but not defined in this notice shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities. 
Yours sincerely, 
[Securityholder]

--- Page 103 ---
103 
SCHEDULE 3 TO THE ISSUE TERMS – FORM OF PUT CANCELLATION NOTICE 
INVESTOR PUT CANCELLATION NOTICE 
To: 
 
[Securityholders] 
Copy to: 
HARP Issuer PLC (Issuer) 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (Trustee) 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch (Custodian) 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch (Registrar and Transfer Agent) 
Algebris (UK) Limited (Portfolio Manager)
[Date] 
HARP Issuer PLC - Series 33 EUR Denominated Actively Managed Securities linked to a portfolio 
managed by Algebris (UK) Limited due 2028 (the “Securities”) 
We refer to the Redemption Notice(s) in respect of the next Investor Put Redemption Date. On behalf of the 
Issuer and pursuant to paragraph 20 (Investor Put) of the Terms of the Securities, we in our role as Calculation 
Agent have determined that: 
1. 
the Issuer is not able to liquidate the required amount of Charged Assets that, together with any cash 
available to the Issuer would be sufficient to pay the Investor Put Redemption Amount in respect of 
the exercise of the Investor Put pursuant to the Redemption Notice; and 
2. 
as a result of (1) above, the Redemption Notice(s) shall be of no effect and the early redemption of 
the Securities shall not occur on the Investor Put Redemption Date in respect of such Redemption 
Notice.  
Any terms used but not defined in this notice shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Securities. 
Yours sincerely, 
UBS AG, London Branch 
(Calculation Agent) 
[This notice does not require a signature]

--- Page 104 ---
104 
FORM OF [FINAL TERMS] / [PRICING TERMS] 
FORM OF [FINAL TERMS] [PRICING TERMS]2
[Final Terms] [Pricing Terms] dated [] 
HARP Issuer plc 
(a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland with its registered office at 2nd Floor, 
Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Dublin IE D01 P767, Ireland, with registration 
number 661148) 
3[Issue of [Tranche []] up to EUR []] / 4[Issue of [Tranche []] EUR []]  
SERIES 33 
EUR Denominated Actively Managed Securities linked to a portfolio managed by Algebris (UK) 
Limited due 2028 
[to be consolidated with EUR [] Series 33 EUR Denominated Actively Managed Securities linked to 
a portfolio managed by Algebris (UK) Limited due 2028] 
under its 
Secured Issuance Programme 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Securities are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. However, a KID pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 has been prepared by the Issuer in 
connection with the Securities. If you have not received a copy of the KID you should request this from the 
Distributors prior to making any investment decision in relation to the Securities. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Securities is (x) eligible counterparties and professional clients and (y) subject to suitability and 
appropriateness assessment, retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Securities to retail clients are appropriate: 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services, subject to the 
2
Where the Securities are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID 
II and/or are to be offered to the public in the EEA on the basis of final terms pursuant to Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-exempt Offer”), this document should be Final Terms. Otherwise (i.e., for 
“Exempt Offers”) it should be Pricing Terms. All references to approval under the Prospectus Regulation 
should be deleted in Pricing Terms in respect of Exempt Offers, as indicated in footnotes included in these 
form of [Final Terms] [Pricing Terms].
3
Insert for Tranche 1 only. 
4 
Insert for further Tranches.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a “distributor”) should take into consideration 
the manufacturer’s target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities, including with respect to any retail 
clients (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
MiFID II, as applicable
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities 
is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), 
and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer’s target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer’s target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
These [Final Terms (the “Final Terms”)] [Pricing Terms (the “Pricing Terms”)] in respect of the Securities 
complete the Conditions. The “Conditions” comprise the Issue Terms (the “Issue Terms”), which modify the 
General Terms and Conditions of the Securities as supplemented, amended or varied in accordance with the 
Participation Securities Conditions, and as so completed by the [Final Terms] / [Pricing Terms]. (together, the 
"Conditions").  
The Conditions are set out in the Base Prospectus dated 15 October 2021 [and the supplement(s) dated [•]] 
(which [together] constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation) (the “Base
Prospectus”). [This document constitutes the applicable Final Terms of the Securities described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus.]5
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation] 6. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of these applicable [Final Terms] 
[Pricing Terms] and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus is available for viewing at https://harp-
issuer.ie/ (Consideration should be given as to a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation might be required.) 
1. 
(i)  
Issuer: 
Harp Issuer plc (LEI: 6354004X7YVOLLD4FR65).  
[The issue of the [Further] Securities has been authorised 
and approved by the Board.] 
 
(ii) 
Arranger: 
UBS AG, London Branch 
2. 
(i)  
Series Number:  
[] 
(ii)  
Tranche Number: 
[]. Tranches of Further Securities shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the existing Series of 
Securities (the “Existing Securities” and together 
following consolidation of the Further Securities, the 
“Securities”).  
5 Sentence to be included for “Non-exempt Offers” only.
6 Sentence to be included for “Non-exempt Offers” only.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
(iii) 
Tranche Limit: 
[In respect of Tranche 1, EUR 500,000,000.] 7  / [Not 
Applicable]8
3. 
Type of Securities: 
Notes. The Securities are Actively Managed Securities. 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
9[In respect of Tranche 1 up to EUR 500,000,000] 10[In 
respect of Tranche [], EUR []]. Following consolidation 
of the Further Securities with the Existing Securities, the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Securities shall be 
EUR [].]  
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [of the Further 
Securities].  
6. 
Authorised Denomination: 
EUR 1,000 and integral multiples of EUR 1,000. 
7. 
Specified Currency: 
EUR 
8. 
(i)  
Trade Date: 
[]. 
(ii)  
Issue Date: 
[]. 
9. 
Status of the Securities: 
Secured and limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, 
secured as set out under Security below and subject to 
the priority set out in the Issue Terms. 
10. 
Method of distribution: 
Non-syndicated.  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
11. 
Fixed Interest provisions: 
Applicable. 
(i)  
Fixed 
Interest 
Amount 
Percentage: 
2.3 per cent. per annum. 
(ii)  
Interest Payment Dates:  
Semi-annually on 30 June and 31 December in each year 
commencing on, and including, 30 June 2022 and 
thereafter the first Interest Payment Date falling after the 
Issue Date [of the Further Securities] to, and excluding, 
the Scheduled Maturity Date, subject, in each case, to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, provided that the Interest Periods will not be 
adjusted. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION
As specified in the Issue Terms. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO SECURITY, AGENTS, OTHER PARTIES AND DISTRIBUTION 
12. 
Security: 
(i) 
Charged Assets 
As specified in the Conditions. 
7 Insert for Tranche 1 only. 
8 Insert for further Tranches. 
9 Insert for Tranche 1 only. 
10 Insert for further Tranches.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
(v) 
Custodian: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
(viii) 
Charged Agreement: 
Applicable – The Charged Agreement in respect of the 
Securities comprising an agreement under the Master 
Swap Terms made between the Counterparty and the 
Issuer and dated the Issue Date together with (a) one or 
more confirmation(s) thereunder in respect of one or more 
swap transaction(s) (each such transaction, a “Swap 
Transaction”) between the same parties (each such 
confirmation, a “Swap Confirmation”). 
(ix) 
Counterparty: 
UBS AG, London Branch. 
(x) 
Other provisions with respect to 
the Mortgaged Property: 
Not Applicable. 
13. 
(i) 
Issue Agent / Principal Paying 
Agent / Paying Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through its London 
Branch. 
(ii) 
Registrar/Transfer Agent: 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg 
Branch. 
(iii) 
Portfolio Manager: 
Algebris (UK) Limited. 
(iv) 
Broker: 
UBS AG, London Branch. 
(v)  
Calculation Agent: 
UBS AG, London Branch. 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE SECURITIES 
Form of Securities: 
14. 
Form: 
Registered Securities 
Global Registered Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee for a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg exchangeable for definitive 
Registered Certificates in limited circumstances.  
15. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Securities (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
No. 
16. 
Listing and admission to trading:  
[Not Applicable] / [Application will be made for the 
Securities to be admitted to listing and to trading on the 
Vienna MTF. The Vienna MTF is not a regulated market 
for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial 
securities. No assurance can be given that such 
application will be approved. There is no guarantee that 
admission to listing or to trading on the Vienna MTF will 
be obtained or, if so obtained, will be maintained for the 
life of the Securities.] / [Only for Exempt Offers where this 
document is deemed Pricing Terms: Application [has 
been]/[will be] made for the Securities to be admitted to

--- Page 108 ---
108 
the [Official List] / [describe market] of [•] and to be 
admitted to trading on [•]]. 
[For Tranches other than Tranche 1, include: The Existing 
Securities have been admitted to listing and to trading on 
the Vienna MTF [and on [describe any other markets on 
which listed]]

--- Page 109 ---
109 
SCHEDULE 1 – SAMPLE PORTFOLIO 
1. 
COMPOSITION AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO AN SAMPLE PORTFOLIO 
The Reference Portfolio Constituents which are listed or disclosed in this Schedule 1 are a sample portfolio only.  This is called the “Sample Portfolio”.  On 
any day, including the Issue Date of each Tranche of Securities, the Reference Portfolio (and the Hedging Portfolio) shall comprise EUR cash and/or other 
assets, securities, exposures or contracts which are different from the constituents of the Sample Portfolio (provided that they always comply with the 
Reference Portfolio Investment Universe and applicable Constituent Investment Universe Criteria). For information regarding the composition of the 
Reference Portfolio, Securityholders should review the Post Issuance Information to be provided by the Issuer in accordance with Paragraph 8 of Part B 
of the Issue Terms.   
1.1 
Sample Portfolio 
Reference 
Portfolio 
Investment 
Universe 
Name of 
issuer/obligor 
Identifier/ISIN 
Governing Law 
Regulated Market (or equivalent) 
Link to where information on the 
obligations can be found 
Weighting 
Maturity date 
1 
Equities 
JPMORGAN 
CHASE & CO
US48128B6487 
Delaware 
New York Stock Exchange 
www.nyse.com
0-5%  
Not Applicable
2 
Bonds 
CREDIT 
AGRICOLE 
ASSURANCES
FR0013523602 
France
Euronext Paris 
www.euronext.com
0-5% 
17/07/2030
3 
Bonds 
AIB GROUP PLC 
XS2230399441
Ireland
Euronext Dublin 
www.euronext.com
0-5%
30/05/2031
4 
Bonds 
BANCO BILBAO 
VIZCAYA ARG
XS2206805769
Spanish
Euronext Dublin 
www.euronext.com
0-5%
15/07/2031
5 
Bonds 
BANK OF 
IRELAND GROUP
XS1685476175
English
Euronext Dublin 
www.euronext.com
0-5%
19/09/2027
6
Bonds
BANCO BPM SPA
XS2058908745
Italian
Luxembourg Stock Exchange
www.bourse.lu
0-5%
01/10/2029
7
Bonds
CITIGROUP INC
US172967DS78
New York
Luxembourg Stock Exchange
www.bourse.lu
0-5%
25/08/2036
8 
Bonds 
CAIXABANK SA 
ES0840609020
Spanish
AIAF Mercado de Renta Fija 
www.bmerf.es
0-5%
Perpetual / 
Callable. 
9 
Bonds 
COMMERZBANK 
AG
DE000CZ45V25
German
Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
www.boerse-frankfurt.de
0-5%
22/01/2025
10 
Bonds 
COMMERZBANK 
AG
XS2106542165
German
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
www.bourse.lu
0-5%
05/12/2030
11 
Bonds 
DANSKE BANK 
A/S
XS2100904361
English
Euronext Dublin 
www.euronext.com
0-5%
14/01/2028
12 
Bonds 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
AG 
DE000DL19VB0
German
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
www.bourse.lu
0-5%
19/05/2031
13 
Bonds 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
AG
XS2102507600
German
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
www.bourse.lu
0-5%
16/12/2024

--- Page 110 ---
110 
1.2 
Information in respect of Equities in the Sample Portfolio which are admitted to trading on a regulated market 
Name of 
Issuer 
Identifier/ISIN 
Regulated / 
equivalent Market 
Frequency at 
which prices 
are 
published 
Date of 
establishment 
of market: 
How price 
information is 
published:
Indication of daily 
trading volumes: 
Standing of 
market: 
Regulatory authority 
of market: 
Link to where information 
on the obligations can be 
found 
1 
JPMORGAN 
CHASE & CO 
US48128B6487 
New York Stock 
Exchange 
Continuous 
during market 
hours 
17.05.1792 
https://www.nys
e.com/quote/X
NYS:JPMpC
On average 3.5 mio 
USD per day 
Equivalent market 
Security and Exchange 
Commission 
Information about the Equities 
can be found on the website 
of the market at:  
https://www.nyse.com/quote/X
NYS:JPMpC
Further information can also 
be found at the website of the 
issuer of the Equities at:  
https://www.jpmorganchase.c
om/ir/fixed-income
14
Bonds
ING GROEP NV
XS2176621170
Dutch
Euronext Amsterdam
www.euronext.com
0-5%
26/05/2031
15 
Bonds 
INTESA 
SANPAOLO SPA
XS2185883100
Italian
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
www.bourse.lu
0-5%
10/06/2030
16 
Bonds 
INTESA 
SANPAOLO SPA 
XS2223761813
English
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
www.bourse.lu
0-5%
Perpetual / 
Callable. 
17 
Bonds 
COOPERATIEVE 
RABOBANK UA
XS0827563452
Dutch
Euronext Amsterdam 
www.euronext.com
0-5%
14/09/2027
18 
Bonds 
SOCIETE 
GENERALE
USF8500RAA08
English
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
www.finra.org
0-5%
Perpetual / 
Callable. 
19 
Bonds 
UNICREDIT SPA
XS1619015719
Italian
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
www.bourse.lu
0-5%
Perpetual / 
Callable. 
20 
Bonds 
UNICREDIT SPA
XS1963834251
Italian
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
www.bourse.lu
0-5%
Perpetual / 
Callable. 
21 
Cash 
EUR Cash 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
Not Applicable 
0-15% 
Not Applicable

--- Page 111 ---
111 
SCHEDULE 2 - SUMMARY 
[Insert issue specific Summary]

--- Page 112 ---
112 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODY ARRANGEMENTS 
We will enter into a Custody Agreement (constituted by the execution of a Constituting Instrument 
incorporating the Master Custody Terms) with the Custodian.   
General 
The Custody Agreement may permit the Custodian to appoint a sub-custodian to hold the Charged Assets in 
respect of the Securities. The Charged Assets may therefore be held by a sub-custodian, as custodian of the 
Custodian, on and subject to the terms agreed between such sub-custodian and the Custodian (a “Sub-
Custody Arrangement”). The Custodian may terminate the appointment of any sub-custodian at any time 
in their discretion.  
The Custody Agreement provides that (unless otherwise directed by the Trustee) the Charged Assets will be 
held in safe custody, on our behalf, subject to the security granted to you and the other secured creditors in 
respect of the Securities. See “Description of the Security Arrangements” below. In addition, the Custody 
Agreement provides that the Charged Assets will be released from the security when (amongst other things) 
we satisfy our obligations under the Securities.  
We undertake in the Custody Agreement for the Securities that there shall at all times be a Custodian in 
relation to the Securities. 
Termination 
The Custodian may at any time resign by giving 30 days’ prior written notice to (amongst others) us and the 
Trustee. We may at any time terminate the appointment of the Custodian by giving 30 days’ prior written 
notice to (amongst others) the Custodian and the Trustee. 
The above overview is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of the Custody Agreement relating to 
the Securities.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
DESCRIPTION OF THE SECURITY ARRANGEMENTS 
The Securities are secured obligations. This means that we grant security in favour of the Trustee who will 
hold this on trust for itself, you and for the other parties to which we owe obligations in relation to this Series 
of Securities (including the Counterparty and the Portfolio Manager) in respect of our obligations under this 
Series. These parties are together known as the Secured Creditors.  
The order of priority in which the Secured Creditors will be paid if the security in respect of a Series of 
Securities is enforced will be “Counterparty Priority”. This means that payments in respect of the Securities 
are made in the following order (after meeting claims of the Trustee): 
 
firstly, in meeting the claims of the Custodian and the Agents in respect of amounts payable under 
the relevant appointment agreements; 
 
secondly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Counterparty under the Charged Agreement; 
 
thirdly, in meeting the claims of the Portfolio Manager in respect of amounts payable under the 
Portfolio Management Agreement; 
 
fourthly, in meeting the claims of the Securityholders; and 
 
fifthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
Our various payment obligations in respect of the Securities shall be secured, pursuant to the Trust Deed, 
over some or all of the following assets. The security interests described below and any additional security 
created in relation to this Series of Securities shall be known as the Mortgaged Property. 
The Charged Assets 
 
Our rights against the Custodian under the Custody Agreement with respect to: 
o 
the Charged Assets; 
o 
any moneys and/or other assets received under the Custody Agreement or in respect of the 
Charged Assets; 
o 
any collateral provided to us by the Counterparty under any Charged Agreement; 
Other Agreements 
 
Our rights, title, benefit and interest in, to and under: 
o 
the Agency Agreement; 
o 
the Custody Agreement; 
o 
the Placing Agreement; 
o 
the Portfolio Management Agreement; and 
o 
any Charged Agreement, 
and, in each case, all sums and any other assets derived therefrom; 
Charged Assets held in a clearing system 
The security includes a fixed charge over the Charged Assets held by or through the Custodian. The 
Custodian will in turn hold the Charged Assets through its account with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or an Alternative Clearing System.  
Where the Charged Assets are held through a clearing system, both us and the Custodian only have an 
interest in the Charged Assets and are not the legal owner of the Charged Assets. We have a right against

--- Page 114 ---
114 
the Custodian under the Custody Agreement in respect of such Charged Assets, and the Custodian has a 
right against the relevant intermediary or clearing system as an accountholder in that clearing system. In 
addition, the clearing system will have rights against an entity called the common depositary, which in turn 
has rights against the issuer or obligor of the Charged Assets. 
Accordingly, where any Charged Asset held in a clearing system, the security constituted by the Trust Deed 
will take the form of an assignment of the Issuer’s rights against the Custodian under the Custody Agreement, 
rather than a charge over the Charged Assets itself.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE PORTFOLIO MANAGER 
Name and description 
Algebris (UK) Limited (“Algebris”) was incorporated in England and Wales as a private company limited by 
shares on 2 August 2016 with company number 10308570. The registered address of Algebris (UK) Limited 
is 4th Floor 1 St. James's Market, London, England, SW1Y 4AH. 
Expertise and experience 
Algebris is an independent global asset management firm specialising in long only and alternative investment 
strategies. Founded in 2006, Algebris maintains offices in London, Milan, Rome, Dublin, Luxembourg, 
Boston, Singapore and Tokyo. Algebris maintains relationships with a global base of institutional and private 
investors, encompassing insurance companies, pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, corporations, private 
banks and family offices. 
Davide Serra and Alex Lasagna (see further details below) are the Directors of Algebris (UK) Limited and 
oversee the firm’s governance structure. The Board of Directors focuses its activity on strategic issues and 
risk. It has overall responsibility for the management of the business and affairs of Algebris, and the 
development of Algebris’ strategy. 
Algebris has predominantly invested in the global financial sector since inception. Over time, Algebris has 
gradually expanded its investment expertise beyond financials and currently covers five lines of business in 
terms of themes: 
- 
Financial equity; 
- 
Financial credit; 
- 
Global credit; 
- 
Italian securities; 
- 
Private debt/Non-performing loans (“NPLs”) 
Algebris’ financial equity and credit strategies focus on the global financial sector including major banks, 
financial companies, insurance companies, securities brokers, asset management companies and real estate 
companies.    
Algebris’ global credit strategy combines top-down macro asset allocation and bottom-up micro analysis to 
investments, hedging macro risks and optimising diversification and liquidity. 
Algebris’ Italian securities strategy invests primarily in equity and credit of listed Italian companies, focusing 
on small and mid-capitalisation companies.  
With respect to private debt investments, Algebris’ strategy concentrates on NPLs secured by real estate 
assets in Italy.  
Algebris provides discretionary investment management services to collective investment schemes and 
managed accounts that invest across asset classes including equity and debt securities (and derivatives 
thereof). In addition, Algebris manages three closed-ended funds investing in private debt. 
The firm currently manages 21 investment vehicles across the five themes listed above. Aggregate assets 
under management amount to EUR 17.4bn as of 31st July 2021. Aggregate assets under management by 
the specific Algebris investment team at issue here amount to EUR 9.9bn as of 31st July 2021 which breaks 
down into EUR 258mn for Algebris Financial Bond Fund, EUR 8.827bn for Algebris Financial Credit Fund 
and EUR 815mn for Algebris IG Financial Credit Fund.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
Algebris’ core investment expertise in the financial sector allows them to value global financial institutions 
against various metrics, including institutional complexity, leverage, volatility, and dispersion of returns. 
Algebris has a highly specialized and experienced team covering the sector, which allows Algebris to 
understand banks’ balance sheets and to find alpha opportunities in the complexities of their capital structure. 
Algebris was one of the first asset managers to invest in Basel III bank hybrid debt instruments in Europe 
(AT1s) and they have strong and long-standing relationships with key stakeholders such as issuers and 
regulators. In addition to the technical factors analysed as part of the traditional approach of credit-focused 
asset managers, Algebris leverages their expertise of the financial sector and supplements their investment 
decisions with an equity valuation approach of the underlying institution.  
Biographies for relevant Algebris investment team  
Davide Serra 
Davide Serra is the Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of Algebris. 
Davide was Managing Director at Morgan Stanley where he headed the European Banks Research Team 
and was the Global Banks team coordinator. Davide was rated individually among the top European banks 
analysts for the period 1999-2006. Prior to Morgan Stanley, Davide worked in the top-rated UBS Banks 
research team as a senior analyst (1995-2000). 
Davide, a dual Italian and British citizen, is recognised as one of the World’s leading experts on financial 
services, he is often consulted by the World’s Central Bankers and Regulators on policy matters and he 
regularly contributes to the discourse on financial reform. Furthermore, Davide has been awarded the 
Commander designation, a decoration of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic. 
Davide is a graduate cum laude of Bocconi University in Italy and holds a Master CEMS.  
Sebastiano Pirro 
Sebastiano Pirro joined Algebris in 2012 as investment analyst covering credit opportunities and he now is 
credit Portfolio Manager. 
Sebastiano holds an MSc magna cum laude in Mechanical Engineering from Padua University, Italy, and is 
a CFA charter holder. 
Bruno Duarte 
Bruno Duarte joined Algebris in 2019, focusing on financial credit. 
He began his career as a European Banks Equity Research analyst at Schroders Salomon Smith Barney 
(1998-2004) before moving to Fox-Pitt Kelton, a specialist equity boutique broker focused on the financial 
sector (2004-2006). In order to complement his equity experience, Bruno decided to join Barclays Capital in 
2006; his role involved covering European financials on the bank’s credit trading desk over a period which 
spanned the global financial crisis. 
Bruno moved to the buy side in 2012 with Claren Road Asset Management, a US-based hedge fund owned 
by the Carlyle Group, where he was a Managing Director focused across the entire capital structure of 
European financials. Prior to joining Algebris, in 2016 Bruno took on the role of portfolio manager at Copper 
Street Capital, a start-up dedicated global financials fund which won EuroHedge’s Event Driven category in 
2017. 
Bruno holds a MSc in International Securities and Investment Banking from the ISMA Centre (1998), a BA 
Hons (First Class) in Economics and Business from the University of Stirling (1997), as well as being a 
Chartered Financial Analyst. 
Alex Lasagna 
Alex Lasagna is Deputy CEO and in charge of Business Development Strategy at Algebris, where he helped 
to diversify the fund range and launch the UCITS funds platform.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Before Algebris, Alex was Partner and Head of Investor Relations at IN Alternative, an Italian independent 
asset manager. Before then, he was at Schroders as Head of the Private Bank’s International Team and 
Member of the Executive and Investment Committees. Previously he worked as Product Specialist for Merril 
Lynch Investment Managers. Alex started his career at Nomisma – a Bologna based think tank – and later 
moved to JP Morgan in Milan. 
Alex holds a bachelor degree in Monetary Economics from the London School of Economics and a Master’s 
degree in International Relations & International Economics from Johns Hopkins’ School of Advanced 
International Studies in Washington D.C. He also undertook a degree in Political Science from La Sapienza 
University in Rome. 
Parameters within which investments can be made 
The Portfolio Management Agreement under which Algebris Investments (UK) Limited acts as a Portfolio 
Manager contains the parameters within which an initial purchase rebalancing or liquidation can be made, as 
well as provisions relating to the termination of the appointment of the Portfolio Manager, in each case as 
specified in the “Description of the Portfolio Management Agreement” below. The Portfolio Manager must 
also ensure compliance with the relevant Reference Portfolio Investment Universe and the relevant 
Constituent Investment Universe Criteria.  
Regulatory framework 
Algebris (UK) Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Portfolio Manager are KPMG. 
Further Information 
The Portfolio Manager is not an affiliate of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Dealer, the Trustee, any Agent, the 
Counterparty or the Custodian. 
Further information regarding the Portfolio Manager can be found at www.algebris.com. 
The Portfolio Manager accepts responsibility for the information contained in this section ‘Information Relating 
to the Portfolio Manager’. To the best of the knowledge of the Portfolio Manager, the information contained 
in this section ‘Information Relating to the Portfolio Manager’ is in accordance with the facts and makes no 
omissions likely to affect its import.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT 
We have entered into a portfolio management agreement (constituted by the execution of a Constituting 
Instrument) with the Trustee, the Counterparty, the Broker, the Calculation Agent, the Selling Agent and the 
Portfolio Manager (the “Portfolio Management Agreement”). 
Appointment, powers and general duties of the Portfolio Manager 
Pursuant to the Portfolio Management Agreement, we have appointed the Portfolio Manager specified in this 
Base Prospectus to act as the manager of the Reference Portfolio on our behalf to: 

manage the Reference Portfolio with reasonable care and in good faith and otherwise act as it judges 
appropriate to develop the value and performance of the Reference Portfolio in the context of and by 
applying its investment strategy, as determined by the Portfolio Manager in its sole discretion, taking 
into account our obligations in respect of the Securities (the “Reference Portfolio Objective”); and 

comply with the relevant Reference Portfolio Investment Universe and the relevant Constituent 
Investment Universe Criteria; and 

do such other things in connection with the Reference Portfolio required pursuant to the Portfolio 
Management Agreement. 
The Portfolio Manager shall also determine if a change in the composition of the Reference Portfolio is 
required. See the section headed ‘Rebalancing Procedures’ below. 
We have the right to review the activities, compliance and performance of the Portfolio Manager under the 
Portfolio Management Agreement.  
The composition of the Hedging Portfolio  
In order to be able to satisfy our payment obligations under the Securities, we may in our sole discretion, 
purchase or sell assets and/or enter into, terminate and/or adjust the transaction(s) under the Charged 
Agreement which will form part of the Hedging Portfolio.  
To the extent no Specified Request is made by the Portfolio Manager in respect of a Rebalancing of the 
Reference Portfolio, we have provided an up-front direction to the Broker to purchase or sell assets and we 
have agreed up-front with the Counterparty that we shall enter into, terminate and/or adjust the transaction(s) 
under the Charged Agreement such that the composition of the Hedging Portfolio, on the Issue Date and 
following any Rebalancing of the Reference Portfolio, is economically equivalent to the composition of the 
Reference Portfolio. However we may serve a Portfolio Divergence Notice, in our sole discretion, ending such 
up-front direction to the Broker (save in respect of any Specified Requests previously made by the Portfolio 
Manager) and such up-front agreement with the Counterparty and agree with the other parties any other 
method of how to hedge our obligations in respect of the Securities. The assets that we acquire to hedge our 
obligations in respect of the Securities may not always be economically equivalent to the components of the 
Reference Portfolio.  
If a Specified Request is made by the Portfolio Manager resulting in the Issuer directly entering into the 
relevant transaction with a Specified Request Hedging Broker under the terms specified in such Specified 
Request (a "Direct Specified Request Transaction"), we shall execute the sale and purchase orders directly 
with the relevant Specified Request Hedging Broker on the terms (including the volume and price) specified 
in such Specified Request. 
Rebalancing Conditions  
The Rebalancing Conditions in the Portfolio Management Agreement provide specific limitations and 
restrictions under which the Portfolio Manager shall operate in undertaking its obligations to manage and 
rebalance the Reference Portfolio in respect of the Securities. These sections are further described below.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Rebalancing Procedures 
The Portfolio Manager shall from time to time determine whether a change in the composition of the 
Reference Portfolio (a “Rebalancing”): 

is appropriate for the Reference Portfolio to achieve the Reference Portfolio Objectives and comply 
with the relevant Reference Portfolio Investment Universe and the relevant Constituent Investment 
Universe Criteria; and/or 

is necessary to ensure the Notional Physical Cash Position Level is sufficient for us to meet our notional 
obligations under the Securities and the Transaction Documents where there is a shortfall which does 
not relate to certain of our notional obligations which may be funded by a Notional Funded Amount (or 
where the shortfall does relate to such amounts but the Counterparty has declined to make a Notional 
Funded Amount available); and/or 

is necessary to remedy a prior breach of the Portfolio Management Agreement (or reduce any existing 
breach), subject to compliance with the relevant Reference Portfolio Investment Universe and the 
relevant Constituent Investment Universe Criteria; and/or 

is necessary to notionally repay any Notional Funded Amount; and/or 

upon being notified of a Hedging Disruption Event with respect to any Reference Portfolio Constituent, 
in order to remove such Reference Portfolio Constituent from the Reference Portfolio; and/or 

upon receipt of an Arranger Repurchase Notice or Further Securities Notice, the Portfolio Manager 
considers such Rebalancing is necessary in connection with any such repurchase or subscription (as 
applicable). 
If the Portfolio Manager determines that the Reference Portfolio shall be subject to a Rebalancing, it shall 
send a Rebalancing Notice to us, the Broker (if applicable), the Counterparty and the Calculation Agent 
specifying: 

the terms of such Rebalancing, including the principal amount, notional amount or number of the 
reference assets which, comply with the relevant Reference Portfolio Investment Universe and the 
relevant Constituent Investment Universe Criteria (the “Eligible Constituent”) to be notionally 
purchased and/or notionally added, as well as the Reference Portfolio Constituents to be notionally 
sold or redeemed and/or notionally removed, or in respect of which an adjustment to the notional 
amount should be made; 

details of the orders in respect of such Eligible Constituents, which fully identify each Eligible 
Constituent; and/or 

to the extent the Portfolio Manager delivers a Specified Request, the details of the Specified Request 
Notional Broker. 
On receipt of the Rebalancing Notice, if no Specified Request has been made by the Portfolio Manager 
resulting in the Issuer directly entering into the relevant transaction with a Specified Request Hedging Broker 
under the terms of a Direct Specified Request Transaction: 

each of the Broker and the Counterparty shall determine if the Rebalancing (amongst other things) 
would contravene its respective internal policies or execution protocols and/or applicable internal and 
external authorisations, concern an Eligible Constituent which is subject to Sanctions or in respect of 
which the Broker and/or the Counterparty would be unable to execute or hedge. If the Broker and/or 
the Counterparty determines that such Rebalancing would give rise to any such circumstances, it shall 
notify (amongst others) us and the Portfolio Manager and the Rebalancing shall not be effected and 
the parties shall take no further action; and 

the Calculation Agent shall calculate if the Notional Physical Cash Position Level is sufficient to execute 
the Rebalancing in full and notify us.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
On receipt of the Rebalancing Notice, if a Specified Request has been made by the Portfolio Manager 
designating a Specified Request Notional Broker under the terms of a Direct Specified Request Transaction, 
we shall execute the sale and purchase orders included in the Specified Request directly with the relevant 
Specified Request Hedging Broker. 
We have determined that (unless a Portfolio Divergence Notice has been served) each time a Rebalancing 
of the Reference Portfolio occurs, a corresponding economically equivalent adjustment shall be made to the 
Hedging Portfolio. Accordingly: 

to the extent the Rebalancing of the Reference Portfolio can be hedged by purchasing assets into or 
selling or redeeming assets from the Hedging Portfolio and no Specified Request has been made by 
the Portfolio Manager resulting in the Issuer directly entering into the relevant transaction with a 
Specified Request Hedging Broker under the terms of a Direct Specified Request Transaction, we 
authorise and direct the Broker to (and the Broker shall use reasonable endeavours to) execute (or 
procure the execution of) an equivalent adjustment of the Hedging Portfolio by purchasing the relevant 
assets into or selling or redeeming the relevant assets from the Hedging Portfolio; and/or 

to the extent the Rebalancing of the Reference Portfolio can be hedged by purchasing assets into or 
selling or redeeming assets from the Hedging Portfolio and a Specified Request has been made by 
the Portfolio Manager referencing a Direct Specified Request Transaction, we will execute (or procure 
the execution of) an equivalent adjustment of the Hedging Portfolio by purchasing the relevant assets 
into or selling or redeeming the relevant assets from the Hedging Portfolio by entering to relevant 
transactions with the relevant Specified Request Hedging Broker; and/or 

to the extent the Rebalancing of the Reference Portfolio cannot be hedged by purchasing assets into 
or selling or redeeming assets from the Hedging Portfolio, we and the Counterparty are automatically 
deemed to enter into, terminate or adjust the notional amount or terms of derivatives transactions under 
the Charged Agreement with an equivalent economic effect in relation to the Hedging Portfolio. 
Rebalancing Conditions 
Any proposed Rebalancing of the Reference Portfolio is subject to certain conditions, as summarised below: 

no Rebalancing may occur during a Notional Liquidation Period; and 

a Rebalancing must not involve any 871(m) Assets unless specified otherwise in the Issue Terms. 
Notional Liquidation Procedures and Hedging Portfolio Liquidation Procedures 
Notional Liquidation Procedures 
When Securities are to be redeemed (in whole or in part), the Portfolio Manager shall determine the method 
by which each Reference Portfolio Constituent in the Reference Portfolio will be notionally liquidated. The 
method by which each Reference Portfolio Constituent will be notionally liquidated will be dependent on the 
nature of the relevant Reference Portfolio Constituent as follows: 

to the extent that the Reference Portfolio is comprised of notional fixed income assets (and AT1 Bonds 
shall be treated as fixed income assets), the Portfolio Manager shall determine whether such notional 
fixed income assets shall be notionally liquidated by a notional auction process or by reference to 
notional orders. In the event a notional liquidation by reference to notional orders is determined, the 
Portfolio Manager shall also provide the details of each notional order with respect to the notional 
liquidation of each Reference Portfolio Constituent (including the minimum notional price – for selling 
or unwinding a notional asset corresponding to each such Reference Portfolio Constituent, provided 
that where no minimum notional price is provided or the Broker determines the minimum notional price

--- Page 121 ---
121 
is not practicable to execute and the Portfolio Manager fails to provide a practicable price, the minimum 
notional price shall be deemed to be zero);  

to the extent that the Reference Portfolio is comprised of Equities (and AT1 Shares shall be treated as 
Equities), the Portfolio Manager shall determine the notional sell order with respect to the notional 
liquidation of each of the Reference Portfolio Constituents which are Equities; and 

to the extent that the Reference Portfolio is comprised of any other Reference Portfolio Constituents, 
the Portfolio Manager shall determine the relevant instructions with respect to the notional liquidation 
of each such Reference Portfolio Constituents in accordance with the standard market protocol in 
accordance with the nature of such Reference Portfolio Constituents.  
Notwithstanding the above, if the Securities are to be redeemed following a Portfolio Manager Default Event, 
or if the Portfolio Manager is not providing adequate, reasonable, practicable and/or timely instructions, the 
Selling Agent shall instruct, on our behalf, the date and the method by which each Reference Portfolio 
Constituent in the Reference Portfolio will be notionally liquidated, provided that, with respect to Reference 
Portfolio Constituents that are notional fixed income assets, such Reference Portfolio Constituents shall be 
liquidated by reference to a notional auction process. 
The Securities are to be redeemed following a Portfolio Manager Default Event, or if the Portfolio Manager is 
not providing adequate, reasonable, practicable and/or timely instructions, the Selling Agent shall instruct, on 
our behalf, the date and the method by which each Reference Portfolio Constituent in the Reference Portfolio 
will be notionally liquidated, provided that, with respect to Reference Portfolio Constituents that are notional 
fixed income assets, such Reference Portfolio Constituents shall be liquidated by reference to a notional 
auction process. 
Hedging Portfolio Liquidation Procedures 
Where any Hedging Portfolio Constituent(s) is to be liquidated in connection with the redemption (in whole or 
in part) of the Securities and to the extent no Specified Request is made by the Portfolio Manager resulting 
in the Issuer directly entering into the relevant transaction with a Specified Request Hedging Broker on the 
terms specified in such Specified Request, we shall (unless a Portfolio Divergence Notice has been served) 
be deemed to instruct the Broker and the Counterparty on our behalf to liquidate (or procure the liquidation 
of) such Hedging Portfolio Constituent(s) on our behalf at the same time and using the same method as the 
instruction given by the Portfolio Manager (or Selling Agent, as applicable) in accordance with the Notional 
Liquidation Procedures for the Reference Portfolio Constituent(s) and the Specified Request (if applicable) 
that corresponds to such Hedging Portfolio Constituent(s).  
Notwithstanding the above, the Portfolio Manager may deliver a Specified Request in respect of the 
liquidation of Reference Portfolio and we or the Broker shall enter into corresponding transactions with the 
relevant Specified Request Hedging Broker equivalent to the terms set out in such Specified Request to 
liquidate the Hedging Portfolio. 
Term and termination 
The appointment of the Portfolio Manager in respect of the Securities commences on the date of the 
applicable Constituting Instrument and continues until the earlier of:  

the payment in full of the Securities; 

the liquidation of the Mortgaged Property with respect to the Securities and the final distribution of the 
proceeds of such liquidation in accordance with the relevant priority of payment; and 

the resignation of the Portfolio Manager or termination of its appointment. 
The Portfolio Manager is entitled to resign in the following circumstances:

--- Page 122 ---
122 

without cause upon giving 90 days’ prior written notice; or  

at any time if, due to a change or a pending change in applicable law or regulation, the performance 
by the Portfolio Manager of its duties would be a violation of such law or regulation (or, in the case of 
a pending change, would be a violation of such law or regulation upon such pending change becoming 
effective). 
If the Calculation Agent determines that any of the following events have occurred then, following notice of 
such event given by the Calculation Agent, the appointment of the Portfolio Manager will be terminated: 

delivery by the Portfolio Manager of notice to us of any change in its business or operations which may 
result in the Portfolio Manager no longer having the capacity or the competence to perform its 
obligations under the Portfolio Management Agreement; 

certain insolvency events relating to the Portfolio Manager; or 

the Portfolio Manager ceasing to be authorised to act as such under any applicable laws. 
Termination of the appointment of the Portfolio Manager is (amongst other things) a Mandatory Redemption 
Event. This means that the Securities will redeem if the Portfolio Manager resigns, is terminated or is 
otherwise unable to continue to act as Portfolio Manager. The Portfolio Management Agreement therefore 
does not include provisions for appointment of an alternative Portfolio Manager.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
DESCRIPTION OF THE REFERENCE PORTFOLIO AND HEDGING PORTFOLIO 
On the Issue Date of Tranche 1 of the Securities (the “Original Issue Date”), the Reference Portfolio will 
consist only of cash in EUR that is equal to the net proceeds of the issue of Tranche 1 of the Securities. 
On the Original Issue Date, the Hedging Portfolio will consist only of cash in EUR that is equal to the net 
proceeds of the issue of Tranche 1 of the Securities.  
Each time the Reference Portfolio is rebalanced after the Original Issue Date of the Securities, an equivalent 
adjustment of the Hedging Portfolio shall be made by purchasing by the Issuer (or the Broker on its behalf, 
as applicable) the relevant assets into or selling or redeeming the relevant assets from the Hedging Portfolio 
so that following such adjustment the Hedging Portfolio will have an economically equivalent composition as 
the Reference Portfolio. To the extent that such rebalancing of the Reference Portfolio cannot be hedged by 
purchasing or selling constituents into or from the Hedging Portfolio, the Issuer and the Counterparty shall 
(as provided for in the Charged Agreement) enter into, terminate or adjust the notional amount or the terms 
of the relevant derivatives transaction(s) entered into under the Charged Agreement with equivalent 
economic effect, in relation to the Hedging Portfolio, as such rebalancing of the Reference Portfolio.  For 
further information on the rebalancing procedures followed by the Portfolio Manager, please see the section 
headed “Rebalancing” in the section “Description of the Portfolio Management Agreement”.
The information in this section “Description of the Reference Portfolio and Hedging Portfolio” summarises the 
eligibility criteria and concentration limits applicable to the constituents of the Reference Portfolio after the 
Issue Date that may be notionally sold or purchased by the Portfolio Manager with respect to the Reference 
Portfolio.  
Assets that can 
comprise 
the 
Reference 
Portfolio 
Eligibility Criteria 
1. 
Bonds 
The Reference Portfolio may comprise Bonds, provided that they: (a) are 
denominated in an Eligible Currency; (b) clear directly in Euroclear, Clearstream or 
DTCC; and (c) are corporate Bonds (including AT1 Bonds) only. 
Bonds may be purchased only if a liquid secondary market exists on which such 
Bonds can be purchased and/or sold.  
Bonds may constitute Section 871(m) assets, meaning that the Bonds may 
constitute (or otherwise relate to or involve) a U.S. equity, but for the avoidance 
of doubt may not refer to a U.S. equity index. Only long positions may be taken with 
respect to Bonds. There are no restrictions with respect to any loan to value ratio, 
or level of collateralisation, in respect of the Bonds. The Bonds may be traded or 
listed on a regulated market, equivalent third country regulated market or 
unregulated market.  
The aggregate value of AT1 Bonds, when aggregated with AT1 Shares and Equities 
resulting from the conversion of AT1 Bonds into equities, shall at no time exceed 
40% of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level. 
The aggregate value of Bonds and Equities issued by a single issuer shall at no 
time exceed 10% of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level. 
The value of Bonds and Equities which are issued by a single issuer, each issuer 
representing more than 5% of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level must, when 
aggregated together, be less than 40% of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
The aggregate value of Bonds and Equities issued by issuers incorporated in the 
same jurisdiction must be less than 30% of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level.
The issuer of Bonds may not be a Restricted Issuer. 
Bonds may be issued by any corporate issuer, provided they are not a Restricted 
Issuer, and as such may be governed by any set of laws. 
2. 
Equities 
The Reference Portfolio may comprise Equities, provided that they are: (a) 
denominated in an Eligible Currency and (b) either (x) constitute AT1 Shares or (y) 
form part of the Reference Portfolio by virtue of a conversion, in accordance with its 
terms, of an AT1 Bond into Equity. 
Equities may constitute Section 871(m) assets, meaning that the Equities may 
constitute (or otherwise relate to or involve) a U.S. equity, but for the avoidance 
of doubt not a U.S. equity index. Only long positions may be taken with respect to 
Equities. The Equities may be traded or listed on a regulated market, equivalent 
third country regulated market or unregulated market.  
The aggregate value of AT1 Shares, when aggregated with AT1 Bonds and Equities 
resulting from the conversion of AT1 Bonds into equities, shall at no time exceed 
40% of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level. 
The aggregate value of Equities and Bonds issued by a single issuer shall at no 
time exceed 10% of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio level. 
The value of Bonds and Equities which are issued by a single issuer, each issuer 
representing more than 5% of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level must, when 
aggregated together, be less than 40% of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level.
The aggregate value of Equities and Bonds issued by issuers incorporated in the 
same jurisdiction must be less than 30% of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level.
The aggregate value of Equities which are not listed on a Permitted Market must be 
less than 10% of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level. For this purpose, 
“Permitted Market” means (i) a “regulated market” as defined in point (21) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”), or (ii) an “equivalent third country market” 
as defined in point (b) of Article 1 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980, or (iii) an “SME growth market” as defined in point (12) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II. 
The issuer of Equities may not be a Restricted Issuer.  
The Equities may be issued by any corporate issuer, provided they are not a 
Restricted Issuer, and as such may be governed by any set of applicable laws. 
3. 
Cash 
The Reference Portfolio may comprise cash in an Eligible Currency.  
The amount of cash comprising the Reference Portfolio may not be less than 5% of 
the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level at any during the term of the Securities.  
The amount of cash comprising the Reference Portfolio may not be more than 50% 
of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level, on average, during the term of the 
Securities.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
4. 
Foreign 
Exchange 
The Reference Portfolio may comprise spot foreign exchange transactions, subject 
to those transactions being denominated in an Eligible Currency. Foreign exchange 
transactions may only be used for hedging purposes.  
5. 
Derivatives 
The Reference Portfolio may comprise FX forwards for hedging purposes only with 
a maximum tenor of one year. These may be long or short positions, are not subject 
to any weighting restrictions and must reference an Eligible Currency. 
For the purposes of the above, the following definitions shall apply: 
“Additional Tier 1 Capital Securities” means preferred shares or contingent convertible securities that are 
issued by a financial institution constituting additional tier 1 capital of such credit institution within the meaning 
of Basel Committee on Banking Supervision’s standards for bank capital and liquidity requirements. 
“AT1 Shares” means preferred shares that constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital Securities. 
“AT1 Bonds” means, corporate bonds that constitute Additional Tier 1 Capital Securities. 
“Bonds” means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for which there 
are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money 
(which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings 
pursuant to letters of credit) in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered 
pursuant to a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement), certificated 
debt security or other debt security (other than securitised products). 
“Eligible Currency” means, EUR, USD, GBP, JPY, AUD, NZD, CAD, CHF, NOK, SEK. 
“Equities” means shares and other transferable securities equivalent to shares in companies, as well as any 
other type of transferable securities giving the right to acquire any of the aforementioned securities as a 
consequence of their being converted or the rights conferred by them being exercised (provided that 
securities of the latter type are issued by the issuer of the underlying shares or by an entity belonging to the 
group of the said issuer). 
“Restricted Issuer” means an entity: 
1. 
that generates more than 5% of its direct revenues from production (e.g. online, TV), operation, and/or 
distribution (e.g. pay-per-view adult channels) of adult entertainment; 
2. 
that generates more than 5% of its direct revenues from owning and/or operating gambling 
establishments (e.g. casinos, race tracks, online gambling), manufacturing specialized equipment 
used exclusively for gambling (e.g. slot machines, roulette wheels), and/or supporting products and 
services supplied to gambling operations 
3. 
that generates more than 5% of its direct revenues from power from nuclear sources; 
4. 
that generates more than 5% of its direct revenues from thermal coal;  
5. 
that generates more than 5% of its direct revenues from the production, growth and sales of tobacco; 
and/or 
6. 
which has any involvement in the manufacturing and sale of controversial weapon systems 
components and/or services / war materials, assault weapons, small arms, and related components. 
The following weapons are considered: anti-personnel mines, biological and chemical weapons, 
cluster weapons, depleted uranium ammunition, nuclear weapons and white phosphorus and other 
types of controversial weapons.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
For  the  purposes  of  the  definition  of  Restricted  Issuer,  provided  that  the  Portfolio Manager fully            
complies with its published ESG policies in force from time to time, the requirement set out in the 
definition of Restricted Issuer shall be deemed to be complied with.” 
Issuer Discretion 
Amounts payable to you under the Securities are determined by reference to the performance of the 
Reference Portfolio. However, we may decide to hedge our obligations in respect of the Securities in our sole 
discretion. We are under no obligation to invest the proceeds of the Securities in Charged Assets which 
exactly correspond to the securities or assets which form part of the Reference Portfolio for this Series of 
Securities. We have provided an up-front direction to the Broker to purchase or sell assets and we have 
agreed up-front with the Counterparty to enter into, unwind or adjust transactions under the Charged 
Agreement such that the composition of the Hedging Portfolio, on the Original Issue Date and following any 
Rebalancing of the Reference Portfolio, reflects the composition of the Reference Portfolio. However, in 
respect of any Rebalancing of the Reference Portfolio, we may in our sole discretion decide to hedge our 
obligations in respect of this Series in our sole discretion by serving a “Portfolio Divergence Notice”. Following 
the service of a Portfolio Divergence Notice we will decide how the Hedging Portfolio should be managed, 
together with (amongst others) the Portfolio Manager (if applicable), the Broker and the Counterparty.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CHARGED AGREEMENT 
We will enter into a swap agreement (constituted by the execution of the Constituting Instrument incorporating 
the Master Swap Terms) with the Counterparty.  
Description of the Charged Agreement incorporating the Master Swap Terms 
General 
The Charged Agreement for the Securities incorporates the Master Swap Terms which comprise a swap 
agreement incorporating the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. form of Master Agreement 
(2002 Edition) (the “ISDA Master Agreement”) and a Schedule thereto created by the Constituting 
Instrument for this Series of Securities (the “Master Agreement) and be supplemented by one or more letters 
of confirmation. The Issuer may enter into one or more transaction(s) under the ISDA Master Agreement 
(each a "Transaction", and the confirmations evidencing such transactions together with the Master 
Agreement (as applicable), the "Charged Agreement"). 
Set out below are summaries of certain provisions of the Charged Agreement (and should be construed as 
such) that will be applicable. 
Payments 
The Charged Agreement sets out certain payments to be made from us to the Counterparty and from the 
Counterparty to us. Payments by us under the Charged Agreement will be limited recourse obligations and 
will be funded from sums received (i) on the issue of each Tranche of Securities and/or (ii) in respect of the 
Charged Assets relating to the Securities. 
The payments required between us and the Counterparty under the Charged Agreement are designed to 
ensure that following the making of such payments we will have such funds, when taken together with 
remaining amounts available to us from the issue of the Securities and/or received in respect of the Charged 
Agreement, as are necessary for us to meet our obligations under the Securities and the related Transaction 
Documents. Such obligations may include, without limitation, our obligation: 

to pay the purchase price for the Charged Assets (if any) relating to the relevant Tranche of this 
Series of Securities;  

to make payments of any Interest Amount (or any other amount payable by it by way of interest), 
Optional Redemption Amount, Investor Put Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount and 
Final Redemption Amount; and/or 

to make payments under any other agreement with the Counterparty (if any); and/or 

to make payments of certain fees and expenses. 
The Charged Agreement for the Securities will terminate on the Maturity Date of the Securities of unless 
terminated earlier in accordance with the terms thereof. 
Counterparty Notional Funded Amounts and Actual Funded Amounts
In the event that the Calculation Agent calculates that the Notional Physical Cash Position Level is insufficient 
at any time to (a) pay any amounts of Fees then due to be paid by us; (b) settle any amount then notionally 
due to be paid by us to a notional counterparty in respect of any Notional Synthetic Exposure, to the extent 
that the settlement of such amount has not already been reflected by an adjustment to the Notional Synthetic 
Cash Position; or (c) pay the Fixed Interest Amounts due to Securityholders on any Interest Payment Date, 
the Counterparty may, in its discretion, notionally lend to us an amount equal to the relevant shortfall in the 
Notional Physical Cash Position Level (a “Notional Funded Amount”). The Notional Funded Amount will be 
recorded as a notional liability of the Reference Portfolio, and such Notional Funded Amount shall be

--- Page 128 ---
128 
notionally repaid by us to the Counterparty, together with any interest or other notionally amounts due thereon 
as soon as the Notional Physical Cash Position Level is sufficient to make such payment and in any event 
no later than three Business Days following the date on which such Notional Funded Amount was notionally 
lent by the Counterparty to us.   
To the extent a Notional Funded Amount is notionally lent by the Counterparty to us, we shall borrow from 
the Counterparty an actual loan in an identical amount on identical terms to the Notional Funded Amount (an 
“Actual Funded Amount”) and shall repay such Actual Funded Amount, together with any interest to the 
Counterparty on identical terms to the Notional Funded Amount. The proceeds of the Actual Funded Amount 
shall be paid into the Cash Account and shall constitute a liability of the Hedging Portfolio. The balance 
outstanding and payments under an Actual Funded Amount will be identical to the notional balance 
outstanding and notional payments under the related Notional Funded Amount. 
Events of Default 
The Charged Agreement may, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Document, be terminated 
early on the occurrence of one of the “Events of Default” specified in the Charged Agreement. These include:  

failure by us or the Counterparty to make payment or delivery required to be made under the Charged 
Agreement when due and such failure is not remedied within the period required under the Charged 
Agreement; 

failure by the Counterparty to comply with any obligation (other than an obligation to make any payment 
or delivery) under the Charged Agreement where such failure is not remedied within the period required 
under the Charged Agreement; 

the Counterparty repudiates, rejects or challenges the validity of the Charged Agreement; and 

bankruptcy or certain insolvency events occur with respect to us or the Counterparty. 
Termination Events 
The Charged Agreement may, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Pricing Document, be terminated 
early on the occurrence of one of the “Termination Events” specified in the Charged Agreement. These 
include:  

the occurrence of certain illegality and force majeure events; 

sums paid or received under the relevant transaction(s) entered into under the Charged Agreement 
become subject to a withholding or a deduction on account of tax due to a change in tax law or any 
action taken by a taxing authority or a court after the entry into the relevant transaction(s); 

the Securities are subject to early redemption or cancellation (which, in relation to an early redemption 
or cancellation of part of the Securities, will only result in a termination of part of the transaction(s)); 
and 

payment of any amount due in respect of the Charged Assets is or would be required to be subject to 
a withholding or deduction for or on account of tax pursuant to certain United States tax laws or a 
change in tax law after the issue date of the Securities.  
Consequences of termination 
On the occurrence of a termination of the Charged Agreement, a termination payment may be due to be paid 
to us by the Counterparty or to the Counterparty by us, which amount will be determined by the Counterparty 
except where the Counterparty is in default, in which case it will be determined by us.  
The Charged Agreement may be terminated in part or in whole by the Counterparty if some (or all) of the 
Securities of the Series are redeemed or purchased by us pursuant to the Conditions. In such circumstances

--- Page 129 ---
129 
our liability and the liability of the Counterparty to make payments and/or deliveries to the other pursuant to 
the Charged Agreement after the date of such redemption or purchase will be terminated to the extent and 
in the amounts that are equivalent to (in our case) the amounts we would have received on the Charged 
Assets to be released from the security on such redemption and (in the case of the Counterparty) the amount 
which would have been payable on the Securities so redeemed.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
DESCRIPTION OF THE EARLY REDEMPTION EVENTS 
This section summarises the circumstances in which the Securities may be redeemed prior to their maturity 
date.  

Mandatory Redemption Events: 
o 
the termination of all (but not some only) of the Charged Agreement (including as a result of an 
event of default or termination event thereunder); 
o 
the termination of the appointment of the Portfolio Manager (including as a result of an event of 
default or termination event under the Portfolio Management Agreement); 
o 
the occurrence of a Stop Loss Event; and/or 
o 
a breach of selling restrictions with respect to the Securities, whereupon only such Affected 
Securities are subject to redemption; 

Optional Early Redemption Events: 
o 
the occurrence of certain Regulatory Events; 
o 
certain tax events with respect to the Securities;  
o 
certain tax events with respect to the Charged Assets or any Charged Agreement; and/or 
o 
the outstanding principal amount of the Securities falling below the threshold amount specified in 
the Pricing Document; 

at our option, exercisable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; 

at your option, exercisable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Securities; and/or 

purchase or cancellation by us.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated in Ireland as a public limited company on 21 November 2019 with registration 
number 661148 under the name HARP Issuer PLC, under the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended). 
The registered office of the Issuer is at 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, 
Dublin IE D01 P767, Ireland. The telephone number of the Issuer is +353 1 411 2949. The website of the 
Issuer is http://www.harp-issuer.ie. 
Share capital and ownership 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is EUR 25,000 divided into 25,000 ordinary shares of EUR 1.00 
each (“Shares”).  The Issuer has issued 25,000 Shares and EUR 0.25 in respect of each of these Shares 
has been paid.  The issued Shares are held on trust by Apex Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited of 2nd 
Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Dublin IE D01 P767, Ireland (the “Share 
Trustee”) who owns 25,000 Shares under the terms of a declaration of trust (the “Declaration of Trust”, 
under which the Share Trustee holds such Shares of the Issuer on trust for charity. The Share Trustee has 
no beneficial interest in and derives no benefit (other than any fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its 
holding of the Shares. Other than any fees for acting as Share Trustee, the Share Trustee will apply any 
income derived by it from the Issuer solely for charitable purposes. The Share Trustee has, inter alia, 
undertaken not to exercise its voting rights to wind up the Issuer unless and until it has received written 
confirmation from the Directors of the Issuer that the Issuer does not intend to carry on further business.    
Business
As described in paragraph 3 of the Issuer’s memorandum of association as adopted by a written resolution 
dated 3 December 2019, the principal objects of the Issuer are: 
(a) 
to carry on the business of entering into financial transactions including but without limitation 
securitising, purchasing, acquiring, holding, collecting, discounting, financing, negotiating, managing, 
warehousing, selling, disposing of and otherwise trading or dealing directly or indirectly in real or 
personal property of whatsoever nature (including, without limitation, securities, notes issued by 
special purpose vehicles, instruments or obligations of any nature whatsoever, howsoever described 
and derivatives, financial assets of whatsoever nature howsoever described and trade accounts, 
receivables and book debts of whatsoever nature howsoever described and foreign currencies) and 
any proceeds arising therefrom or in relation thereto and any participation or interest (whether legal 
or equitable) therein and any certificates of participation or interest (whether legal or equitable) 
therein and any agreements in connection therewith; and 
(b) 
to exercise and enforce all rights and powers conferred by or incidental to the ownership or holding 
of any of the foregoing or of any legal or equitable interest therein including, without limitation, the 
enforcement of any security interest in relation thereto. 
Assets and liabilities 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle incorporated for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities. 
The Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than the sum of EUR 6,250 representing the issued and paid-
up share capital, such fees (as agreed) per issue payable to it in connection with the issue of Securities or 
the purchase, sale or incurring of other obligations and any Mortgaged Property and any other assets on 
which the Securities are secured. 
Save in respect of the fees generated in connection with each issue of Securities, any related profits and the 
proceeds of any deposits and investments made from such fees or from amounts representing the Issuer’s 
issued and paid-up share capital, the Issuer will not accumulate any surpluses.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
The Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of, nor guaranteed in any way by, the Share Trustee 
or the Trustee. Furthermore, the Securities are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by, the Trustee, 
the Agents, the Counterparty, the Portfolio Manager, the Arranger or any other person. 
Directors and Company Secretary  
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
Director 
Principal outside activities 
Business Address 
Michael Carroll 
Director 
- 
Apex 
Corporate 
Services (Ireland) Limited 
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life 
Centre 
Abbey 
Street 
Lower, 
Dublin 1 D01 P767, Ireland 
Niall Vaughan 
Director 
- 
Apex 
Corporate 
Services (Ireland) Limited 
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life 
Centre 
Abbey 
Street 
Lower, 
Dublin 1 D01 P767, Ireland 
Rhys Owens 
Director 
- 
Apex 
Corporate 
Services (Ireland) Limited 
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life 
Centre 
Abbey 
Street 
Lower, 
Dublin 1 D01 P767, Ireland 
The Company Secretary is Apex Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited (“Apex”). 
Corporate Services Provider 
Apex is the corporate services provider of the Issuer (“Corporate Services Provider”). Its duties include the 
provision of certain administrative, accounting and related services. The appointment of the Corporate 
Services Provider may be terminated forthwith if the Corporate Services Provider commits any material 
breach of the corporate service agreement between the Issuer and the Corporate Services Provider, is unable 
to pay its debts as they fall due or becomes subject to insolvency or other related proceedings. The Corporate 
Services Provider may retire upon 90 days’ written notice subject to the appointment of an alternative 
Corporate Services Provider on similar terms to the existing Corporate Services Provider.  The business 
address of the Corporate Services Provider is 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, 
Dublin D01 P767, Ireland.  
Financial Statements 
The financial year of the Issuer begins on 1 January of each year and ends on 31 December of the same 
year, save that the first financial year started on the date of incorporation of the Issuer and ended on 31 
December 2020.  
In accordance with the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended), the Issuer is obliged to publish its annual 
accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of its 
shareholders. The Issuer is not required to and does not prepare interim financial statements. 
Since the date of incorporation, no financial statements have been prepared as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Any future published annual audited financial statements prepared for the Issuer will be obtainable free of 
charge in physical or electronic form at the registered office of the Issuer, the office of the Principal Paying 
Agent. 
No dividends have been paid since the date of incorporation of the Issuer. 
Statutory auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte & Touche who are chartered accountants and are members of the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland (ICAI) and are qualified to practise as auditors in Ireland.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
DESCRIPTION OF THE CUSTODIAN  
The information set out below has been obtained from The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch, no facts have been omitted that 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Incorporation, Registered Office 
The Bank of New York Mellon, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, is 
incorporated, with limited liability by Charter, under the Laws of the State of New York by special act of the 
New York State Legislature, Chapter 616 of the Laws of 1871, with its Head Office situate at 240 Greenwich 
Street, New York, NY 10286, USA and having a branch registered in England & Wales with FC No 005522 
and BR No 000818 with its principal office in the United Kingdom situated at One Canada Square, London 
E14 5AL. 
Nature of business 
The Bank of New York Mellon’s corporate trust business services $12 trillion in outstanding debt from 55 
locations around the world. It services all major debt categories, including corporate and municipal debt, 
mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, collateralized debt obligations, derivative securities and 
international debt offerings. The Bank of New York Mellon’s corporate trust and agency services are delivered 
through The Bank of New York Mellon and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A. 
The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is a global financial services company focused on helping clients 
manage and service their financial assets, operating in 35 countries and serving more than 100 markets. The 
company is a leading provider of financial services for institutions, corporations and high-net-worth 
individuals, providing superior asset management and wealth management, asset servicing, issuer services, 
clearing services and treasury services through a worldwide client-focused team. It has more than $26 trillion 
in assets under custody and administration and more than $1.4 trillion in assets under management. 
Additional information is available at http://www.bnymellon.com.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE 
The information set out below has been obtained from BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited. Such 
information has been accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and able to ascertain from 
information published by BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited, no facts have been omitted that 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Incorporation, Registered Office 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”) will be appointed pursuant to the Trust Deed 
as Trustee for the Securityholders. The Trustee's registered office and principal place of business is at One 
Canada Square, London E14 5AL. 
The Trustee was formerly known as J.P. Morgan Corporate Trustee Services Limited. On 2nd October 2006 
the Trustee changed its name to BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited and, subsequently, on the 1st 
March, 2011 the Trustee changed its name to BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited. 
Nature of business 
The Trustee is a wholly owned subsidiary of BNY International Financing Corporation and administers a 
substantial and diverse portfolio of corporate trusteeships for both domestic and foreign companies and 
institutions.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COUNTERPARTY 
The information set out below has been obtained from UBS AG, London Branch. Such information has been 
accurately reproduced from information published by UBS AG. As far as the Issuer is aware and able to 
ascertain from information published by UBS AG, no facts have been omitted that would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
UBS AG with its subsidiaries (together, "UBS AG consolidated", or "UBS AG Group"; together with UBS 
Group AG, which is the holding company of UBS AG, and its subsidiaries, "UBS Group", "Group", "UBS" or 
"UBS Group AG consolidated") provides financial advice and solutions to private, institutional and corporate 
clients worldwide, as well as private clients in Switzerland. The operational structure of the Group is 
comprised of the Group Functions and four business divisions: Global Wealth Management, Personal & 
Corporate Banking, Asset Management and the Investment Bank. UBS concentrates on capital-efficient 
businesses in its targeted markets, where UBS has a strong competitive position and an attractive long-term 
growth or profitability outlook. UBS views capital strength as the foundation of its strategy. In delivering all of 
UBS as one firm to its clients, UBS intends to: strengthen its leading client franchises and grow share; position 
UBS for growth by expanding its services and capabilities; drive greater efficiencies and scale; and further 
intensify collaboration for the benefit of its clients.
On 30 June 2021, UBS Group's common equity tier 1 ("CET1") capital ratio was 14.5%, the CET1 leverage 
ratio was 4.09%, the total loss-absorbing capacity ratio was 35.6%, and the total loss-absorbing capacity 
leverage ratio was 10.0%.11 On the same date, invested assets stood at USD 4,485 billion, equity attributable 
to shareholders was USD 58,765 million and market capitalisation was USD 53,218 million. On the same 
date, UBS employed 71,304 people12
On 30 June 2021, UBS AG consolidated CET1 capital ratio was 13.8%, the CET1 leverage ratio was 3.87%, 
the total loss-absorbing capacity ratio was 34.6%, and the total loss-absorbing capacity leverage ratio was 
9.7%.13 On the same date, invested assets stood at USD 4,485 billion and equity attributable to UBS AG 
shareholders was USD 55,361 million. On the same date, UBS AG Group employed 47,227 people. 14
UBS AG was incorporated under the name SBC AG on 28 February 1978 for an unlimited duration and 
entered in the Commercial Register of Canton Basel-City on that day. On 8 December 1997, the company 
changed its name to UBS AG. The company in its present form was created on 29 June 1998 by the merger 
of Union Bank of Switzerland (founded 1862) and Swiss Bank Corporation (founded 1872). UBS AG is 
entered in the Commercial Registers of Canton Zurich and Canton Basel-City. The registration number is 
CHE-101.329.561. 
UBS AG is incorporated and domiciled in Switzerland and operates under the Swiss Code of Obligations as 
an Aktiengesellschaft, a corporation limited by shares. 
According to article 2 of the articles of association of UBS AG dated 26 April 2018 ("Articles of Association"), 
the purpose of UBS AG is the operation of a bank. Its scope of operations extends to all types of banking, 
financial, advisory, trading and service activities in Switzerland and abroad. UBS AG may establish branches 
and representative offices as well as banks, finance companies and other enterprises of any kind in 
Switzerland and abroad, hold equity interests in these companies, and conduct their management. UBS AG 
is authorized to acquire, mortgage and sell real estate and building rights in Switzerland and abroad. UBS 
AG may borrow and invest money on the capital markets. UBS AG is part of the group of companies controlled 
11  
All figures based on the Swiss systemically relevant bank framework. Refer to the "Capital 
management" section of the Annual Report 2020 and of the UBS Group Second Quarter 2021 Report, 
for more information. 
12  
Full-time equivalents 
13  
All figures based on the Swiss systemically relevant bank framework. Refer to the "Capital 
management" section of the Annual Report 2020 and of the UBS Group Second Quarter 2021 Report, 
for more information. 
14  
Full-time equivalents

--- Page 136 ---
136 
by the group parent company UBS Group AG. It may promote the interests of the group parent company or 
other group companies. It may provide loans, guarantees and other kinds of financing and security for group 
companies. 
The addresses and telephone numbers of UBS AG's two registered offices and principal places of business 
are: Bahnhofstrasse 45, CH-8001 Zurich, Switzerland, telephone +41 44 234 1111; and Aeschenvorstadt 1, 
CH-4051 Basel, Switzerland, telephone +41 61 288 5050. 
UBS AG complies with all relevant Swiss legal and regulatory corporate governance requirements. As a 
foreign private issuer with debt securities listed on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"), UBS AG also 
complies with relevant NYSE corporate governance applicable to foreign private issuers. 
UBS AG operates under a strict dual board structure, as mandated by Swiss banking law. The Board of 
Directors ("BoD") exercises the ultimate supervision over management, whereas the Executive Board ("EB"), 
headed by the President of the Executive Board ("President of the EB"), has executive management 
responsibility. The functions of Chairman of the BoD and President of the EB are assigned to two different 
people, ensuring a separation of power. This structure establishes checks and balances and preserves the 
institutional independence of the BoD from the day-to-day management of UBS AG, for which responsibility 
is delegated to the EB under the leadership of the President of the EB. No member of one board may 
simultaneously be a member of the other.  
Based on article 31 of the Articles of Association, UBS AG shareholders elect the auditors for a term of office 
of one year. At the AGMs of 18 April 2019, 27 April 2020 and 7 April 2021, Ernst & Young Ltd., Aeschengraben 
9, CH-4002 Basel ("Ernst & Young") were elected as auditors for the consolidated and standalone financial 
statements of UBS AG for a one-year term. Ernst & Young is a member of EXPERTsuisse, the Swiss Expert 
Association for Audit, Tax and Fiduciary. 
As reflected in its Articles of Association most recently registered with the Commercial Register of Zurich and 
the Commercial Register of Basel-City, UBS AG has (i) fully paid and issued share capital of CHF 
385,840,846.60, divided into 3,858,408,466 registered shares with a par value of CHF 0.10 each (article 4) 
and (ii) conditional capital in the amount of CHF 38,000,000, comprising 380,000,000 registered shares with 
a par value of CHF 0.10 each that can be issued upon the voluntary or mandatory exercise of conversion 
rights and/or warrants (article 4a). 
UBS AG is a Swiss bank and the parent company of the UBS AG Group. It is 100% owned by UBS Group 
AG, which is the holding company of the UBS Group. UBS operates as a group with four business divisions 
and a Corporate Center. 
In 2014, UBS began adapting its legal entity structure to improve the resolvability of the Group in response 
to too big to fail requirements in Switzerland and recovery and resolution regulation in other countries in which 
the Group operates. In December 2014, UBS Group AG became the holding company of the Group. 
In 2015, UBS AG transferred its personal & corporate banking and wealth management businesses booked 
in Switzerland to the newly established UBS Switzerland AG, a banking subsidiary of UBS AG in Switzerland. 
In 2016, UBS Americas Holding LLC was designated as intermediate holding company for UBS’s US 
subsidiaries and UBS merged its wealth management subsidiaries in various European countries unto UBS 
Europe SE, UBS's German-headquartered European subsidiary. Additionally, UBS transferred the majority 
of Asset Management's operating subsidiaries to UBS Asset Management AG. Effective 1 April 2019, the 
portion of the Asset Management business in Switzerland conducted by UBS AG was transferred from UBS 
AG to its indirect subsidiary, UBS Asset Management Switzerland AG. 
UBS Business Solutions AG, a wholly owned subsidiary of UBS Group AG, was established in 2015 and acts 
as the Group service company. In 2017, UBS shared service functions in Switzerland and the UK were 
transferred from UBS AG to UBS Business Solutions AG. UBS also completed the transfer of shares services 
functions in the US to the US service company, UBS Business Solutions US LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary 
of UBS Americas Holding LLC.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
In March 2019, UBS Limited, UBS's UK headquartered subsidiary, was merged into UBS Europe SE prior to 
the UK's scheduled departure from the EU at the end of March 2019. Former clients and other counterparties 
of UBS Limited who can be serviced by UBS AG’s London Branch were migrated to UBS AG’s London 
Branch prior to the merger. 
UBS continues to consider further changes to the Group's legal structure in response to regulatory 
requirements and other external developments. Such changes may include further consolidation of operating 
subsidiaries in the EU and adjustments to the booking entity or location of products and services.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
TAXATION 
Irish Taxation  
Income Tax 
In general, persons who are resident in Ireland are liable to Irish taxation on their world-wide income whereas 
persons who are not resident in Ireland are only liable to Irish taxation on their Irish source income.  All 
persons are under a statutory obligation to account for Irish taxation on a self-assessment basis and there is 
no requirement for the Irish Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an assessment. 
A Security issued by the Issuer may be regarded as property situate in Ireland (and hence Irish source 
income) on the grounds that a debt is deemed to be situate where the debtor resides.  However, the interest 
earned on such Security is exempt from income tax if paid to a person who is not a resident of Ireland and 
who for the purposes of Section 198 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended) (“TCA 1997”) is 
regarded as being a resident of a relevant territory.  A relevant territory for this purpose is a Member State of 
the European Communities (other than Ireland) or not being such a Member State a territory with which 
Ireland has entered into a double tax treaty that has the force of law or, on completion of the necessary 
procedures, will have the force of law and such double tax treaty continues an article dealing with interest or 
income from debt claims. A list of the countries with which Ireland has entered into a double tax treaty is 
available on www.revenue.ie. Please note that this website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Relief from Irish income tax may also be available under other exemptions contained in Irish tax legislation 
or under the specific provisions of a double tax treaty between Ireland and the country of residence of the 
holder of the Securities. 
If the above exemptions do not apply it is understood that there is a long standing unpublished practice 
whereby no action will be taken to pursue any liability to such Irish tax in respect of persons who are regarded 
as not being resident in Ireland except where such persons: 
(a) 
are chargeable in the name of a person (including a trustee) or in the name of an agent or branch in 
Ireland having the management or control of the interest; or 
(b) 
seek to claim relief and/or repayment of tax deducted at source in respect of taxed income from Irish 
sources; or  
(c) 
are chargeable to Irish corporation tax on the income of an Irish branch or agency or to income tax 
on the profits of a trade carried on in Ireland to which the interest is attributable. 
There can be no assurance that this practice will continue to apply. 
Withholding Taxes 
In general, withholding tax (currently at the rate of 20 per cent) must be deducted from interest payments 
made by an Irish company such as the Issuer.  However, Section 246 TCA 1997 (“Section 246”) provides 
that this general obligation to withhold tax does not apply in respect of, inter alia, interest payments made by 
the Issuer to a person, who by virtue of the law of the relevant territory, is resident for the purposes of tax in 
a relevant territory (see above for details).  This exemption does not apply if the interest is paid to a company 
in connection with a trade or business which is carried on in Ireland by the company through a branch or 
agency. 
Apart from Section 246, Section 64 TCA 1997 (“Section 64”) provides for the payment of interest on a 
“Quoted Eurobond” without deduction of tax in certain circumstances.  A Quoted Eurobond is defined in 
Section 64 as a security which: 
(i) 
is issued by a company; 
(ii) 
is quoted on a recognised stock exchange (this term is not defined); and  
(iii) 
carries a right to interest.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
There is no obligation to withhold tax on Quoted Eurobonds where: 
(a) 
the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland, or  
(b) 
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and  
(iv) 
the Quoted Eurobond is held in a recognised clearing system (Euroclear, Clearstream Banking SA, 
Clearstream Banking AG and the Depository Trust Company of New York have, amongst others, 
been designated as recognised clearing systems); or 
(v) 
the person who is the beneficial owner of the Quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially entitled to the 
interest is not resident in Ireland and has made an appropriate written declaration to this effect. 
In certain circumstances, Irish encashment tax may be required to be withheld at the rate of 25 per cent from 
interest on any Security, where such interest is collected by a person in Ireland on behalf of any 
Securityholders. 
Capital Gains Tax 
A Securityholder will not be subject to Irish taxes on capital gains provided that such Securityholder is neither 
resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and such Securityholder does not have an enterprise, or an interest 
in an enterprise, which carries on business in Ireland through a branch or agency or a permanent 
representative to which or to whom the Securities are attributable. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
If the Securities are comprised in a gift or inheritance taken from an Irish domiciled, resident or ordinarily 
resident disponer or if the donee/successor is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland, or if any of the 
Securities are regarded as property situate in Ireland, the donee/successor may be liable to Irish capital 
acquisitions tax.  As a result, a donee/successor may be liable to Irish capital acquisitions tax, even though 
neither the disponer nor the donee/successor may be domiciled, resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland at 
the relevant time. 
Stamp duty 
For as long as the Issuer is a qualifying company within the meaning of Section 110 TCA 1997, no Irish stamp 
duty will be payable on either the issue or transfer of the Securities, provided that the money raised by the 
issue of the Securities is used in the course of the Issuer’s business. 
Irish taxation position of the Issuer 
The Issuer is a qualifying company as set out in Section 110 TCA 1997, and as such should be taxed only 
on the amount of its retained profit after deducting all amounts of interest and other revenue expenses due 
to be paid by the Issuer. If, for any reason, the Issuer is not or ceases to be entitled to the benefits of Section 
110 or any of its interest or expenses are not deductible for tax purposes, then profits or losses could arise 
in the Issuer which could have tax effects not contemplated in the cashflows for the transaction and as such 
adversely affect the tax treatment of the Issuer and consequently the payments on the Securities. 
The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as 
FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign 
passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. The 
Issuer has registered with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service as a reporting foreign financial institution for 
these purposes.  
A number of jurisdictions (including Ireland) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA

--- Page 140 ---
140 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Securities, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Securities, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change.  
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Securities, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on 
which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are published in the U.S Federal Register and 
Securities characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) 
for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which 
final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would 
be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including 
by reason of a substitution of the issuer). However, if additional Securities (as described under “Terms and 
Conditions – Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Securities are issued after 
the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding 
agents may treat all such Securities, including those Securities offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. 
Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Securities. In the event that any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Securities, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding. 
U.S. Section 871(m) Withholding 
A 30% withholding tax is imposed under Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code on certain 
“dividend equivalents” paid or deemed paid to a Non-U.S. Holder with respect to a “specified equity-linked 
instrument” that references one or more dividend-paying U.S. equity securities.  The withholding tax can 
apply even if the instrument does not provide for payments that reference dividends.  Treasury regulations 
provide that the withholding tax applies to all dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid on specified equity-
linked instruments that have a delta of one (“delta one specified equity-linked instruments”) issued after 2016 
and to all dividend equivalents paid or deemed paid on all other specified equity-linked instruments issued 
after 2022. 
The Issuer will determine whether dividend equivalents on any Series of Securities which are “specified 
equity-linked instruments” are subject to Section 871(m) withholding as of the close of the relevant market(s) 
on the pricing date and in the event Section 871(m) withholding applies to such Series, the relevant Pricing 
Document shall specify that the Securities are specified equity-linked instruments that are subject to 
withholding on dividend equivalents.   
In respect of the Securities, the Issuer has determined that the Securities should not be subject to withholding 
under Section 871(m) of the Code. 
Even if the Issuer determines that the Securities are not specified equity-linked instruments that are subject 
to withholding on dividend equivalents, it is possible that the Securities could be deemed to be reissued for 
tax purposes upon the occurrence of certain events affecting the relevant U.S. equity securities or the 
Securities, and following such occurrence  the Securities could be treated as specified equity-linked 
instruments that are subject to withholding on dividend equivalent payments.  It is also possible that Section 
871(m) withholding tax or other Section 871(m) tax could apply to the Securities under these rules if a Non-
U.S. Holder enters, or has entered, into certain other transactions in respect of the relevant U.S. equity 
securities.   
If withholding is required, the Issuer (or an applicable Paying Agent) will withhold 30% in respect of dividend 
equivalents paid or deemed paid on the Securities and will not pay any additional amounts with respect to 
any such taxes withheld.  The Issuer will withhold this amount regardless of whether an investor is a United 
States Person for U.S. federal income tax purposes or a non-United States Person that may otherwise be 
entitled to an exemption or reduction of tax on U.S. source dividend payments pursuant to a double taxation 
treaty.  Moreover, an investor that would otherwise be entitled to such benefits of a double taxation treaty 
may not be able to claim a refund for taxes withheld by the Issuer even if such taxes are in excess of the 
taxes that would otherwise apply pursuant to the double taxation treaty.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
THE ABOVE SUMMARIES ARE NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL 
TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES. YOU SHOULD CONSULT 
YOUR OWN TAX ADVISERS CONCERNING THE CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR PARTICULAR 
SITUATION.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Placing Agreement 
We will enter into a Placing Agreement (constituted by the execution of a Constituting Instrument 
incorporating the Master Placing Terms) with the Arranger and/or the Dealer(s) specified in the Pricing 
Document (the "Placing Agreement"). 
Pursuant to the Placing Agreement: 
• 
the Arranger will subscribe for procure subscribers for the relevant Tranche of the Securities in return 
for us issuing the Securities to or to the order of the Arranger and/or the Dealer(s); 
• 
“Arranger Repurchase” is applicable. Accordingly, the Arranger may, by giving notice to (amongst 
others) us, require us to repurchase Securities from the Arranger. The Arranger will specify the 
relevant amount of the Securities to be repurchased and the date on which such Securities will be 
repurchased. 
• 
“Arranger Subscription” is applicable. Accordingly, the Arranger may, by giving notice to (amongst 
others) us, require us to issue Further Securities to the Arranger up to the Series Limit for the 
Securities. The Arranger will specify the intended issue date and principal amount of such Further 
Securities. 
We may pay commission to the Arranger and/or the Dealer(s) in respect of the Securities which it will 
subscribe for or procure the subscription of. We may terminate the appointment of any Dealer on any annual 
update of the Base Prospectus or by 30 days’ notice in writing. We may nominate any institution as a new 
Dealer in respect of the Base Prospectus.  
The Arranger may sell the Securities to subsequent purchasers in individual transactions where the Arranger 
may negotiate the price directly with such purchaser. The price at which the Securities may vary between 
purchasers and may be greater or less than the issue price and/or the price at which you invested. 
Selling/Transfer Restrictions Applicable to the Securities 
Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors 
The Issue Terms specify that “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” is “Applicable”. This 
means that the Arranger and each Placement Agent will in the Placing Agreement each represent and agree  
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by 
the Pricing Document in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”) ; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an “offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
Each Dealer will be required to represent, warrant and agree, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Base Prospectus will be required to represent, warrant and agree that, in relation to any offering of Securities 
to which MiFID II and Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 (“MiFIR”) applies, that such offering is in accordance 
with the applicable rules set out in MiFID II (including any applicable national transposition of MiFID II) and 
MiFIR, including that any commission, fee or non-monetary benefit received from the Issuer complies with 
such rules. 
European Economic Area  
The Issue Terms specify that “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” is “Not Applicable” in relation to 
each Member State of the European Economic Area (a “Relevant Member State”). This means that the 
Arranger and each Placement Agent will in the Placing Agreement each represent and agree that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Securities to the public in any Relevant Member State, except that it may, 
make an offer of such Securities to the public in a Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
if that Relevant Member State is a Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction as specified in the Issue Terms, in 
which case an offer of Securities may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in that Relevant Member State (a “Non-Exempt Offer”), following the date of publication 
of a prospectus in relation to such Securities which has been approved by the competent authority 
in that Relevant Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant Member State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant Member State, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-Exempt 
Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Non-Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), as permitted under the Prospectus Regulation, subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Securities to the public” in relation to any 
Securities in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Securities and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
Each Dealer will be required to represent, warrant and agree, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Base Prospectus will be required to represent, warrant and agree that, in relation to any offering of Securities 
to which MiFID II and Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 (“MiFIR”) applies, that such offering is in accordance 
with the applicable rules set out in MiFID II (including any applicable national transposition of MiFID II) and 
MiFIR, including that any commission, fee or non-monetary benefit received from the Issuer complies with 
such rules. 
Ireland  
The Dealers have represented, warranted and agreed that they have not offered, sold, placed or underwritten 
and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite any Securities, or do anything in Ireland in respect of any Securities, 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(a) 
the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable supporting law, rule or regulation and any Central 
Bank rules issued and/or in force pursuant to Section 1363 of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as 
amended);

--- Page 144 ---
144 
(b) 
the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(c) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended)  and it will 
conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any conditions or requirements, 
or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank; 
(d) 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April  2014 on 
market abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any  
Central 
Bank 
rules issued and / or in force pursuant to Section 1370 of the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(e) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 
on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products 
(PRIIPs); and 
(f) 
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under 
Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989. 
United Kingdom 
The Issue Terms specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to United Kingdom Retail Investors” as “Applicable”. This 
means that, in relation to the United Kingdom, the Arranger and each Placement Agent will in the Placing 
Agreement each represent and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Securities to the 
public in the United Kingdom, except that it may make an offer of such Securities to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of the above, the expression an offer of Securities to the public in relation to any Securities 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Securities and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
The Arranger and each Placement Agent will in the Placing Agreement represent, warrant and agree in 
relation to the Securities to be purchased that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Securities which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
the Securities other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Securities would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Securities in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 145 ---
145 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA (and all rules and 
regulations made pursuant to the FSMA) with respect to anything done by it in relation to the 
Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Italy 
The offering of the Securities has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation, and 
accordingly, no Securities may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus, any 
Pricing Document or any other document relating to the Securities be distributed in the Republic of Italy, 
except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) (“Qualified Investors”), as defined pursuant to Article 
100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the “Financial Services Act”) 
as implemented by Article 35, paragraph 1(d) of CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 
2018, as amended (“CONSOB Regulation No. 20307”) pursuant to Article 34-ter, paragraph 1, letter 
b) of Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the “Regulation 11971/1999”); or  
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers of securities to be made to the 
public pursuant to Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, of 
Regulation 11971/1999. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Securities or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus, any Pricing 
Document or any other document relating to the Securities in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must 
be: 
(i)  
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 and 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the “Banking Act”) and any other 
applicable laws and regulations;  
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended and the implementing guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, with regard, inter alia, to the reporting obligations 
required; and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB 
or the Bank of Italy or other Italian authority. 
In accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption under (b) above applies, 
the subsequent distribution of the Securities on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance 
with the rules on offers of securities to be made to the public provided under the Financial Services Act and 
the Regulation 11971/1999.  Furthermore, where the Securities are placed solely with “qualified investors” 
and are then systematically (“sistematicamente”) resold on the secondary market at any time in the 12 months 
following such placing, purchasers of Securities who are acting outside of the course of their business or 
profession may in certain circumstances be entitled to declare such purchase void and, in addition, to claim 
damages from any authorised person at whose premises the Securities were purchased, unless an 
exemption provided under the Financial Services Act applies. 
Japan 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, Paragraph 1 of the Financial 
Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law no. 25 of 1948, as amended) (“FIEL”) and, accordingly, none 
of the Securities nor any interest therein may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, any Japanese person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to 
any Japanese person except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, 
regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities 
and in effect at the relevant time. For this purpose, a “Japanese person” means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
Hong Kong 
The Arranger and each Placement Agent will in the Placing Agreement each represent and agree that:

--- Page 146 ---
146 
(i) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any 
Securities (except for securities which are a “structured products” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong) other than (a) to “professional investors” as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance; or (b) in other 
circumstances which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies 
(Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that Ordinance; and  
(ii) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely 
to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities 
laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Securities which are or are intended to be disposed of 
only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to “professional investors” as defined in the Securities and 
Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that Ordinance.  
United States  
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and (a) may not be offered, sold or otherwise transferred at any 
time within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act or as defined in the final risk retention rules promulgated under Section 15G of the 
Securities Exchange Act or as defined under section 7701(a)(30) of the United States Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, including any fiscally transparent entity for US tax purposes with at least one owner who is a U.S. 
person as defined in that section) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act and (b) may be offered, sold or otherwise transferred at any time only to transferees that 
are Non-United States Persons (as defined by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission). The Issuer has 
not been and does not intend to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company 
Act. 
The United States tax treatment of the Securities is uncertain.  Therefore, you are urged to consult with your 
own tax advisors to determine the appropriate characterization of the Securities for U.S. tax purposes and 
the resulting tax implications, if any, to you. 
Switzerland 
The Arranger and each Placement Agent will in the Placing Agreement each represent and agree in relation 
to the Securities that it has complied and will comply with any laws, regulations or guidelines in Switzerland 
from time to time, including, but not limited to, any guidelines issued or recognised by the Swiss Financial 
Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”) in relation to the offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the Securities or 
the distribution of any offering material in Switzerland in respect of such Securities and that where the Pricing 
Document in relation to the Securities specifies that an offer of those Securities may be made to the public 
in Switzerland, that it will only make such an offer to the extent the Issuer has consented to the use of the 
Pricing Document for the purposes of that offer.
General 
No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction, other than the Non-Exempt Offer jurisdictions, that 
would permit a public offering of the Securities, or possessions or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any 
part thereof or any other offering material or any Supplemental Base Prospectus, in any country or jurisdiction, 
other than Non-Exempt Offer jurisdictions, where action for that purpose is required.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Securities in EUR will, as of each respective Issue Date, 
be credited to the Custody Account. Such proceeds (after a portion of them has been used to pay certain 
expenses and fees in relation to the issue of the Securities) will comprise the Charged Assets (together with 
any other Charged Assets in respect of already existing Tranches) and following the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche, will then be applied in the purchase of assets in accordance with the Portfolio Management 
Agreement.
The estimated net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of the Securities will be specified in (i) with respect 
to the first Tranche, the issue size announcement published by the Issuer, and (ii) with respect to further 
Tranches, in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Issuer: 
HARP Issuer PLC (the “Issuer”) is a public limited company 
incorporated under the laws of Ireland. No director of the Issuer is a 
resident of the United States, and all or a substantial portion of the 
assets of the Issuer and such persons are located outside the United 
States. As a result, it is not possible for investors to effect service of 
process within the United States upon the Issuer or such persons or 
to enforce against any of them in the United States courts judgments 
obtained in the United States courts predicated upon the civil liability 
provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States. 
HARP Issuer PLC is the only issuer that is entitled to issue Securities 
under this Base Prospectus. 
Authorisation: 
The Issuer has obtained all consents, approvals and authorisations 
(if any) which are necessary in Ireland at the date of this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the Programme. The establishment 
of the Programme was authorised pursuant to a resolution of the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 30 June 2020 and the 
issue of this Base Prospectus was authorised pursuant to a 
resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 12 
October 2021.  
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the 
Securities. The issue of Tranche 1 (and such other tranche as was 
authorised up to a principal amount of EUR 750,000,000) of the 
Securities was duly authorised by a resolution of the board of 
directors of the Issuer dated 12 October 2021. 
No significant change: 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading 
position of the Issuer, and no material adverse change in the 
financial position or prospects of the Issuer in each case, since the 
date of its incorporation. 
No legal proceedings: 
There are no legal, governmental or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) which may have or have had since the 
date of the Issuer’s incorporation a significant effect on the Issuer’s 
financial position or profitability. 
Securities 
Identification 
Number: 
Securities have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems. The common code and 
ISIN for the Securities are 229705512 and XS2297055126, 
respectively. The CFI, the FISN and other identifying information for 
the Series of Securities are set out in the Issue Terms. 
Euroclear/Clearstream: 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 
42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Third party information: 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from 
third parties this information has been accurately reproduced and as 
far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate

--- Page 149 ---
149 
or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used. 
Post issuance information: 
The Issuer shall from time to time provide reports and 
announcements available at its website: 
(a) at least on a monthly basis with respect of the composition of the 
Reference Portfolio; and 
(b) otherwise from time to time, to the extent the relevant disclosure 
is required by applicable law, including disclosure of any inside 
information required under Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market 
abuse. 
Websites: 
Any websites referred to herein do not form part of the Base 
Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank of Ireland. 
Available documents: 
Copies of the following documents will be available at the website of 
the Issuer https://harp-issuer.ie/ and for inspection free of charge by 
electronic means and also by physical means during usual business 
hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted) at (i) the registered office of the Issuer and (ii) the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent in London or the 
specified office of the Registrar in Luxembourg, in each case for so 
long as the Securities shall remain outstanding:  
1. 
this Base Prospectus;  
2. 
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer;  
3.  
the Master Trust Terms; and 
4.  
the Master Definitions. 
Legal Opinions: 
Legal opinions relating to the Securities will be obtained with respect 
to English law and the law of the place of incorporation or 
organisation of the Issuer, but it is not intended that such opinions 
be obtained with respect to any other applicable laws, including the 
laws of the country of incorporation or organisation of the relevant 
obligor(s) of or under any of the Charged Assets in respect of the 
Securities, the laws of the country in which any such Charged Assets 
are situated or the laws of the country which are expressed to govern 
any 
such 
Charged 
Assets 
which, 
depending 
upon 
the 
circumstances, may affect, inter alia, the validity and legal and 
binding effect of the Charged Assets and the effectiveness and 
ranking of the security for the Securities. 
Arranger Commission: 
The Arranger shall be entitled to charge, and be paid, a commission 
on subscription for or acquisition of the Securities or on a sale or 
transfer of the Securities as may be more particularly specified in 
the relevant Pricing Document. Any such commission may be 
deducted from the subscription proceeds or, as the case may be, 
from the proceeds of sale of the Securities prior to the Arranger 
accounting for the same to the Issuer. In addition, it or an affiliate of 
it may be the Counterparty under which it may make substantial

--- Page 150 ---
150 
profits. Furthermore, the Participation Securities Product Annex, 
together with the Pricing Document shall (or, where applicable, may) 
contain additional provisions regarding fees and charges payable to 
the Arranger and certain other parties. 
Language: 
The language of the base prospectus is English. Certain legislative 
references and technical terms have been cited in their original 
language in order that the correct technical meaning may be 
ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Irish Listing Agent: 
Matheson is acting in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Securities and is not itself seeking admission of 
the Securities to the Vienna SE. 
Clearing: 
Securities in global form will be accepted for clearance through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Constituting Instrument) or through any 
other clearing system specified in the applicable Pricing Document, 
as an alternative or in addition to clearance through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate code or codes for the 
Series allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (and/or 
any such other clearing system) will be contained in the Issue 
Terms.  
Withholding taxes: 
The Issuer is not required to gross up or otherwise pay any 
additional amounts in respect of any withholding or deduction for or 
on account of tax required to be made from any amounts payable 
by it and, accordingly, assumes no responsibility for the effect of any 
such taxes so withheld or deducted.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
SCHEDULE: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND PARTICIPATION SECURITIES CONDITIONS 
PART A: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
This General Terms and Conditions Module sets out the general terms and conditions for all Series of 
Securities.  These terms and conditions may be supplemented and/or amended by terms and conditions set 
out in other modules (each, a “Product Annex”). 
Information in respect of the Securities, including the aggregate principal amount or number of the Securities, 
the interest (if any) payable in respect of the Securities, the issue price and other terms and conditions 
applicable to the Securities will be set out in a “Pricing Document” for the relevant Series of Securities, 
which means (as applicable): 

where the Securities are to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market for the purposes of MiFID 
II and/or are to be offered to the public in the EEA on the basis of final terms pursuant to the 
Prospectus Regulation: 
o
a “Final Terms” pursuant to Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation; or 
o
where this Base Prospectus does not contain all risk factors and/or terms and conditions for 
a relevant Series of Securities, a “Series Prospectus” which incorporates by reference the 
whole or any part of this Base Prospectus; or 

where the Securities are exempt under Article 3.2 of the Prospectus Regulation from the requirement 
to publish a prospectus, a “Pricing Terms” or “Series Memorandum”, 
References in these terms and conditions to (i) “principal” shall be deemed to include any premium payable 
in respect of the Securities, all Instalment Amounts, Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all 
other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption, Purchase and 
Exchange) or any amendment or supplement to it, and (ii) “interest” shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts (as defined in Condition 6(i) (Definitions) and all other amounts in the nature of interest payable 
pursuant to Condition 6 (Interest) or any amendment or supplement to it, (iii) unless the relevant Constituting 
Instrument provides otherwise, a “Series” shall be construed as a reference to Securities which are 
denominated in the same currency (or, in the case of Dual Currency Securities, which have identical 
provisions relating to the currency in which payments are or may be made in respect thereof), have the same 
issue date, the same maturity date and bear interest (if any) on the same basis or at the same rate (except 
in respect of the first payment of interest) and on terms otherwise identical, (iv) a “Tranche” shall be 
construed as a reference to a tranche of Securities which form part of the same Series as Securities 
comprised in another Tranche, and (v) reference to the “Constituting Instrument” include a reference to 
the “Terms” that may be set out therein or scheduled thereto, which Terms may complete, amend, 
supplement or vary these terms and conditions.   
The Master Definitions specified in the Pricing Document will apply for the purposes of interpretation of these 
terms and conditions except as expressly provided therein or the context otherwise requires. 
1. 
Form, 
Denomination and 
Title 
(a)  
Type 
(1)  
The Pricing Document will specify whether the Securities are 
Notes or Certificates. 
(2)  
Notes will be issued in an amount equal to the aggregate principal 
amount specified in the Pricing Document in the Authorised 
Denomination(s) specified in the Pricing Document.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
(3)  
Certificates will be issued in units and in the aggregate Notional 
Amount specified in the Pricing Document in the aggregate 
number specified in the Pricing Document. 
(b)  
Bearer Securities
Securities shall only be issued in bearer form if the Arranger is 
satisfied that applicable US tax law will be complied with, as 
confirmed by appropriate US tax advisers. 
(1) 
If it is specified in the Pricing Document that Securities are in 
bearer form (“Bearer Securities”), the Bearer Securities if issued 
in definitive form shall be serially numbered in an Authorised 
Denomination (as defined in Condition 1(d) (Authorised 
Denomination)), and shall be D Securities (as defined below) 
unless specified in the Pricing Document that the Securities are 
C Securities (as defined below). The principal amount or number 
of units of each Security will be specified on its face. 
No Bearer Security may be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or to or for the account of a US Person (a “US 
Person”) (as defined in Section 7701 of the United States Internal 
Revenue Code).  
Each Series of Bearer Securities or a Tranche thereof issued 
pursuant to Section 1.163 5(c)(2)(i)(D) of the Treasury 
Regulations under the United States Internal Revenue Code (“D 
Securities”) will initially be represented by one or more Securities 
in temporary global form (a “Temporary Global Security”) 
without Receipts, Coupons or Talons, and each Series of Bearer 
Securities or a Tranche thereof issued pursuant to Section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) of the Treasury Regulations under the United States 
Internal Revenue Code (“C Securities”) will be represented by 
one or more Securities in permanent global form (a “Permanent 
Global Security”) without Receipts, Coupons or Talons or by 
definitive Bearer Securities. Bearer Securities may be issued in 
new global note (“NGN”) form. A Temporary Global Security 
and/or a Permanent Global Security, as the case may be, will be 
delivered to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) 
for Euroclear Bank SA/NV, as operator of the Euroclear system 
(“Euroclear”, which expression shall include, where the context 
so permits, any successor in business of Euroclear) and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”, which 
expression shall include, where the context so permits, any 
successor in business of Clearstream, Luxembourg) (if in NGN 
form) or a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (if not in NGN form). 
Except in relation to Securities indicated as being in NGN form in 
the applicable Pricing Document, any reference herein to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, wherever the 
context permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system as specified in the 
applicable Pricing Document in which beneficial interests in the 
Securities are for the time being recorded (an “Alternative 
Clearing System”) and shall include any successor in business 
to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative 
Clearing System. Any reference in this Condition 1(b) (Bearer 
Securities) to a Permanent Global Security shall be deemed to be 
a reference to a Permanent Global Security representing either D 
Securities or C Securities, as the context requires, and any

--- Page 153 ---
153 
reference herein to a Security shall be deemed to be a reference 
to a D Security or a C Security, as the context requires.  
If a date for the payment of interest on any Bearer Security occurs 
while such Bearer Security is represented by a Temporary Global 
Security, the related interest payment will be made (against 
presentation of the Temporary Global Security if the Temporary 
Global Security is not in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification of non-US beneficial ownership (in the form set out in 
the Temporary Global Security) has been received by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Interests in a Temporary Global 
Security will be exchangeable for interests in a Permanent Global 
Security or for definitive Bearer Securities, with, where applicable, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons attached in the circumstances 
and subject to the conditions specified in the Pricing Document, 
not earlier than the first day (the “Exchange Date”) following the 
40 day period commencing on the original issue date of the 
Securities (the “40-Day Restricted Period”), provided that 
certification of non-US beneficial ownership has been received. 
Save for payments of interest as described above, no payments 
will be made on a Temporary Global Security unless, upon due 
presentation of a Temporary Global Security for exchange 
(together with certification of non-US beneficial ownership), 
delivery of a Permanent Global Security (or, as the case may be, 
an interest therein) or definitive Bearer Securities is improperly 
withheld or refused and such withholding or refusal is continuing 
at the relevant due date for payment.  
Payments of principal or interest (if any) in respect of a 
Permanent Global Security will be made through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant Alternative Clearing 
System (against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, 
of the Permanent Global Security if the Permanent Global 
Security is not issued in NGN form). A Permanent Global Security 
will, if so provided in the relevant Pricing Document be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer 
Securities with, where applicable, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
attached (i) if the Issuer would suffer a material disadvantage as 
a result of a change in laws or regulations (taxation or otherwise) 
or as a result of a change in the practice of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System 
which would not be suffered were the Bearer Securities in 
definitive form and a certificate signed by two directors/authorised 
signatories of the Issuer to such effect is given to the Trustee and 
the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate without 
further enquiry and without liability to any person, (ii) or if either 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Alternative 
Clearing System in which the Permanent Global Security is for 
the time being deposited is closed for business for a continuous 
period of 14 calendar days (otherwise than by reason of holiday, 
statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to 
cease business or to cease to make its book-entry system 
available for settlement of beneficial interests in such Permanent 
Global Security or does in fact do either of such things and no 
Alternative Clearing System satisfactory to the Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent is available, all as set out in the 
Constituting Instrument.  
No definitive Bearer Security delivered in exchange for a portion 
of a Permanent Global Security shall be sent by post or otherwise

--- Page 154 ---
154 
delivered to any location in the United States or its possessions 
in connection with such exchange.  
(2) 
Title to the Bearer Securities, the Receipts (if any), the Coupons 
(if any) and the Talons (if any) passes by delivery. In these 
Conditions, subject as provided below, “Securityholder” and (in 
relation to a Security, Receipt, Coupon or Talon) “holder” means 
the bearer of any Bearer Security, Receipt, Coupon or Talon (as 
the case may be). The holder of any Security, Receipt, Coupon 
or Talon will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue 
and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in 
it, any writing on it, or its theft or loss) and the Issuer, the Trustee 
and the Paying Agents shall not be required to obtain any proof 
thereof or as to the identity of such bearer.  
For so long as the Securities are represented by a Temporary 
Global Security or a Permanent Global Security (together “Global 
Securities”) and the Global Securities are held by a Common 
Safekeeper (if the Bearer Securities are in NGN form) or a 
Common Depositary (if the Bearer Securities are not in NGN 
form) on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or on 
behalf of an Alternative Clearing System, beneficial interests in 
Securities will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System, as appropriate, 
and each person who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (other than each such 
clearing system to the extent that it is an account holder with the 
other clearing system for the purpose of operating the “bridge” 
between the clearing systems) or an Alternative Clearing System 
as the holder of a particular principal amount or Notional Amount 
of the Securities (in which regard (a) any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or 
such Alternative Clearing System, or (b) a printout generated by 
accessing the Easy-Way or CreationOnline systems (or any 
successor systems), as to the principal amount or Notional 
Amount of the Securities standing to the account of any person 
(an “Accountholder”) shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the 
Agents as the holder of such principal amount or Notional Amount 
of the Securities (and the expression “Securityholders” and 
references to “holding of Securities” and to “holder of the 
Securities” shall be construed accordingly) for all purposes other 
than the entitlement to receive payments of principal, interest or 
any amounts due on redemption in respect of the Global 
Securities and provided that such principal amount or Notional 
Amount is an integral multiple of an Authorised Denomination. 
The Trustee shall not be liable to any person by reason of having 
accepted as valid or not having rejected any record and/or 
document and/or evidence and/or information and/or certification 
to such effect purporting to be issued or given by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and subsequently found to be forged 
or not authentic. 
Each Accountholder must look solely to its Clearing System for 
such Accountholder’s share of each payment or distribution of 
any other entitlement made by the Issuer to the holder of the 
Global Securities and in relation to all other rights arising under 
the Global Securities. The extent to which, and the manner in

--- Page 155 ---
155 
which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the 
Global Securities will be determined by the respective rules and 
procedures of their Clearing System. Accountholders shall have 
no claim directly against the Issuer, the Trustee or any other 
person (other than their Clearing System) in respect of payments 
or distributions of other entitlements due under the Global 
Securities which are made by the Issuer to the holder of the 
Global Securities and such obligations of the Issuer shall be 
discharged thereby. 
The following legend will appear on all D Securities, Permanent 
Global Securities representing D Securities and any Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons in respect thereof:  
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS 
OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER 
THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) 
OF THE US INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.”  
The sections of the US Internal Revenue Code referred to in the 
foregoing legend provide that, with certain exceptions, a United 
States taxpayer will not be entitled to deduct any loss, and will not 
be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain 
realised, on any sale, disposition or payment of a Security, 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon for US federal income tax purposes.  
(b) 
Registered Securities
(1) 
If it is specified in the Pricing Document that Securities are in 
registered form or if as a result of an exchange of Bearer 
Securities pursuant to Condition 2(a) (Exchange of Bearer 
Securities) Securities are in registered form (“Registered 
Securities”), such Registered Securities shall be in an 
Authorised Denomination or an integral multiple thereof as 
specified in the Pricing Document. Registered Securities will be 
represented either by one or more definitive certificates (each, a 
“Registered Certificate”) registered in the name of the person(s) 
entitled thereto or by a global registered certificate (a “Global 
Registered Certificate”), which will be either deposited with and 
registered in the name of a Common Depositary (or its nominee) 
on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
relevant Alternative Clearing System (each, a “Clearing 
System”) or, if the Global Registered Certificate is held under the 
New Safekeeping Structure, deposited with and registered in the 
name of a Common Safekeeper (or its nominee) for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The principal amount or Notional 
Amount of each Registered Security in definitive form will be 
specified on the face of the Registered Certificate and the 
principal amount or Notional Amount of the Securities 
represented by a Global Registered Certificate will be specified 
on the face of the Global Registered Certificate. Subject to the 
procedures discussed below, title to the Registered Securities 
passes by registration in the register which the Issuer shall 
procure to be kept by the Registrar (the “Register”). In these 
conditions, subject as provided below, “Securityholder” and 
“holder” means the registered holder of any Registered 
Securities. 
(2) 
Payments of principal or interest (if any) in respect of a Global 
Registered Certificate will be made through Euroclear or

--- Page 156 ---
156 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant Alternative Clearing 
System or, if so specified in the Pricing Document, through the 
person named in such Pricing Document, against, in the case of 
payments of principal only, presentation or surrender, as the case 
may be, of the Global Registered Certificate. A Global Registered 
Certificate will, if so provided in the relevant Pricing Document, 
be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Registered (i) if the 
Issuer would suffer a material disadvantage as a result of a 
change in laws or regulations (taxation or otherwise) or as a result 
of a change in the practice of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System which would not 
be suffered were the Registered Securities in definitive form and 
a certificate signed by two directors/authorised signatories of the 
Issuer to such effect is given to the Trustee and the Trustee shall 
be entitled to rely on such certificate without further enquiry and 
without liability to any person, or (ii) if either Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any Alternative Clearing System in 
which the Global Registered Certificate is for the time being 
deposited is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
calendar days (otherwise than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or to cease to make its book-entry system available for 
settlement of beneficial interests in such Global Registered 
Certificate or does in fact do either of such things and no 
Alternative Clearing System satisfactory to the Trustee and the 
Registrar is available, all as set out in the Constituting Instrument. 
 For so long as the Securities are represented by a Global 
Registered Certificate and the Global Registered Certificate is 
held on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or on 
behalf of an Alternative Clearing System, beneficial interests in 
Securities will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System, as appropriate, 
and each person who is for the time being shown in the records 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (other than each such 
clearing system to the extent that it is an account holder with the 
other clearing system for the purpose of operating the “bridge” 
between the clearing systems) or an Alternative Clearing System 
as the holder of a particular principal amount (or, in the case of 
Certificates, Notional Amount) of the Securities (in which regard 
(a) any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System, 
or (b) a printout generated by accessing the Easy-Way or 
CreationOnline systems (or any successor systems) as to the 
principal amount (or, in the case of Certificates, Notional Amount) 
of the Securities standing to the account of an Accountholder 
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes) shall be treated 
by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such 
principal amount (or, in the case of Certificates, Notional Amount) 
of the Securities (and the expression “Securityholders” and 
references to “holding of Securities” and to “holder of the 
Securities” shall be construed accordingly) for all purposes other 
than the entitlement to receive payments of principal, interest or 
any amounts due on redemption in respect of the Global 
Registered Certificate.  
Each Accountholder must look solely to its Clearing System for 
such Accountholder’s share of each payment or distribution of

--- Page 157 ---
157 
any other entitlement made by the Issuer to the registered holder 
of the Registered Securities represented by the Global 
Registered Certificate and in relation to all other rights arising 
under the Global Registered Certificate. The extent to which, and 
the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights 
arising under the Global Registered Certificate will be determined 
by the respective rules and procedures of their Clearing System. 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer, 
the Trustee or any other person (other than their Clearing 
System) in respect of payments or distributions of other 
entitlements due under the Global Registered Certificate which 
are made by the Issuer to the registered holder of the Registered 
Securities represented by the Global Registered Certificate and 
such obligations of the Issuer shall be discharged thereby. 
Subject to the restrictions (if any) referred to in the Constituting 
Instrument, Registered Securities represented by a Registered 
Certificate may be transferred in whole or in part in an Authorised 
Denomination or an integral multiple thereof upon the surrender 
of the Registered Certificate representing such Registered 
Securities, together with the form of transfer endorsed on it duly 
completed and executed, at the specified office of the Registrar 
or any Transfer Agent. In the case of such a transfer, or a transfer 
of part only of a Registered Certificate, new Registered 
Certificates in the relevant amounts will be issued to the 
transferor and the transferee.  
Each new Registered Certificate to be issued upon the transfer of 
Registered Securities will (subject as referred to in the Pricing 
Document), within three business days (in the place of the 
specified office of the Registrar or Transfer Agent to whom the 
form of transfer shall have been delivered) of receipt of such form 
of transfer, be available for delivery at the specified office of the 
Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) stipulated 
in the form of transfer, or be mailed at the risk of the holder 
entitled to the Registered Certificate to such address as may be 
specified in such form of transfer.  
Exchange of Registered Certificates on transfer will (subject as 
provided in the Pricing Document) be effected without charge by 
or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, 
but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the 
Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require in respect 
thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may be 
imposed in relation to it.  
No Securityholder may require the transfer of a Registered 
Security to be registered during the period of 15 calendar days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal, interest or 
any amounts due upon redemption of such Security.  
Unless otherwise provided in the Constituting Instrument and in 
the applicable Pricing Document, it is intended that Registered 
Securities will be sold only outside the United States (as defined 
in Regulation S (“Regulation S”) under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended) to persons who are not (i) 
US persons (as defined in Regulation S) and (ii) US persons (as 
defined in the final risk retention rules promulgated under Section 
15G of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended), only in reliance on Regulation S and, accordingly, 
Registered Securities will not be represented by a restricted

--- Page 158 ---
158 
global note. The Securities may be offered, sold or otherwise 
transferred at any time only to transferees that are Non-United 
States Persons (as defined by the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission). 
(c) 
Authorised Denomination
Authorised 
Denomination 
means 
the 
denomination 
or 
denominations specified in the Pricing Document.  
(d) 
Type of Security
The Pricing Document will specify whether the Securities of a 
Series are Fixed Rate Securities, Floating Rate Securities, Zero 
Coupon Securities, Variable Coupon Amount Securities, Actively 
Managed Securities, Dynamic Tracker Securities and/or Static 
Pass-through Securities.  
All payments in respect of the Securities of a Series shall be 
made in the currency shown on its face unless it is specified in 
the Pricing Document to be a Dual Currency Security (which for 
the purposes of these terms and conditions shall include Reverse 
Dual Currency Securities, Optional Dual Currency Securities and 
other Securities in respect of which payments shall, or may at the 
option of the Issuer or any holder, be made in more than one 
currency or in a different currency than that which would 
otherwise prevail in the absence of the exercise of any such 
option), in which case payments shall be made on the basis 
specified in the Pricing Document. 
Interest bearing Bearer Securities are issued with Coupons (and, 
where appropriate, a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero 
Coupon Securities in which case references to interest (other 
than in relation to interest (if any) due after the Maturity Date (as 
defined in Condition 7(a) (Final Redemption), or other date for 
redemption) and Coupons in these Conditions are not applicable. 
After all the Coupons attached to or issued in respect of any 
Bearer Security which was issued with a Talon have matured, a 
coupon sheet comprising further Coupons (other than Coupons 
which would be void) and, if applicable, one further Talon, will be 
issued against presentation and surrender of the relevant Talon 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent. Any Bearer Security 
the principal amount (or, in the case of Certificates, Notional 
Amount) of which is redeemable in instalments is issued with one 
or more Receipts attached. 
2. 
Exchange of 
Securities 
(a) 
Exchange of Bearer Securities
Subject as provided in this Condition 2 (Exchange of Securities) 
and provided that, in the case of D Securities, certification of non-
U.S. beneficial ownership has been received, Bearer Securities 
exchangeable for Registered Securities (“Exchangeable Bearer 
Securities”) may be exchanged for the same aggregate principal 
amount (or, in the case of Certificates, Notional Amount) of 
Registered Securities of an Authorised Denomination at the 
request in writing of the relevant Securityholder and upon 
surrender of the Exchangeable Bearer Security to be exchanged 
together with all unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
relating to it (if any) at the specified office of the Registrar or any 
Transfer Agent. Where, however, an Exchangeable Bearer 
Security is surrendered for exchange after the Record Date (as

--- Page 159 ---
159 
defined in Condition 8(b)(2) (Registered Securities)) for any 
payment of interest, the Coupon in respect of that payment of 
interest need not be surrendered with it.  
Registered Securities may not be exchanged for Bearer 
Securities. 
(b) 
Delivery of new Registered Certificate/Global Registered 
Certificate
Each new Registered Certificate or Global Registered Certificate 
to be issued upon request for exchange of Exchangeable Bearer 
Securities will, within three business days (in the place of the 
specified office of the Registrar or Transfer Agent to whom such 
request for exchange shall have been delivered) of receipt of 
such request for exchange, be available for delivery at the 
specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the 
case may be) stipulated in the request for exchange, or be mailed 
at the risk of the holder entitled to the Registered Certificate or 
Global Registered Certificate to such address as may be 
specified in such request for exchange. 
(c) 
Formalities free of charge
The issue of Registered Certificates or a Global Registered 
Certificate upon an exchange of Bearer Securities and 
registration of the holder thereof will be effected without charge 
by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, 
but upon payment by the relevant holder (or the giving of such 
indemnity by the relevant holder as the Registrar or the relevant 
Transfer Agent may require) in respect of any tax or other 
governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it. 
(d) 
Closed periods
No Securityholder may require a Bearer Security to be 
exchanged for a Registered Security during the period of 15 days 
ending on the due date for any payment of principal on that 
Security or any payment of interest thereon or after such Security 
has been called for redemption.  
(e) 
Authorised Denomination
Bearer Securities of one Authorised Denomination may not be 
exchanged for Bearer Securities of another Authorised 
Denomination. 
3. 
Status 
The Securities, Receipts, Coupons and Talons (if any) of any Series are 
secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, recourse in respect of 
which is limited in the manner described in Condition 10 (Enforcement and 
Limited Recourse) and will rank pari passu without any preference among 
themselves.  In the case of a Series of Securities comprising more than 
one tranche or class of Securities, the Securities of each such tranche or 
class will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and with Securities of another tranche or class comprised in such Series, 
unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Document. 
4. 
Security 
(a)  
Security
Unless otherwise specified in the Pricing Document, any and all 
security granted by the Issuer in respect of any Series will be 
created under the Constituting Instrument (and, if specified in the

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Pricing Document as applicable, the Charging Instrument) and 
shall be granted in favour of the Trustee, who shall hold such 
security on trust for itself, the Counterparty, if there is a Charged 
Agreement in respect of the Series, the Securityholders and 
Receiptholders or Couponholders (if any) and such other persons 
as may be specified in the Pricing Document, such security being 
held in the order of priority described in Condition 4(d) 
(Application) and as more particularly specified in the Pricing 
Document.
The obligations of the Issuer under the Securities and the 
Receipts or Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto are, unless 
otherwise specified in the Pricing Document, if applicable, 
secured by: 
(i) 
a first fixed charge on, and/or by an assignment by way 
of first fixed security of or other security interest over, 
certain securities and/or agreements and/or rights 
(contractual or otherwise) and/or other assets (and/or the 
benefit, interest, right and/or title thereof, therein or 
thereto) such security interests to take the form of a first 
fixed charge over (unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Pricing Document), any account (each an 
“Account”) in which any Charged Assets are deposited 
and all present and future Charged Assets deposited in 
such Account or represented by such Account from time 
to time, together with the debts and/or other interests 
represented thereby, all related interests and all 
proceeds of such Charged Assets (including, without 
limitation, as the case may be, (a) bonds, commercial 
paper, Securities, debentures, promissory Securities, 
certificates of deposit, bills of exchange or other debt 
securities or negotiable instruments of any form, 
denomination, type and issuer, (b) shares, stock or other 
equity securities of any form, denomination, type and 
issuer, (c) funds, exchange traded funds and other 
exchange traded products, (d) the benefit of loans, 
evidences of indebtedness, and other rights, contractual 
or 
otherwise 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
sub-
participations, documentary or stand-by letters of credit 
or swap, over-the-counter or exchange traded derivative 
contract, option, exchange or other arrangements of the 
type contemplated in the definition of Charged 
Agreement in Condition 4(b) (Charged Agreement), 
derivatives, 
commodity 
interests, 
assignments, 
participation, transferable loan certificates or instruments 
and/or any other instrument comprising, evidencing, 
representing and/or transferring such securities and/or 
agreements and/or rights (contractual or otherwise)) 
assigned or transferred to, or otherwise vested in, or 
entered into by, the Issuer (such assets as so specified 
in the Pricing Document, the “Charged Assets”) and all 
rights and all sums (“Proceeds”) derived therefrom) 
provided that, in the case of Non-Exempt Offers, such 
Charged Assets comply with the Charged Assets 
Requirements; 
(ii) 
an assignment by way of fixed security of the Issuer’s 
rights against the Custodian with respect to the Charged 
Assets under the Custody Agreement and an assignment

--- Page 161 ---
161 
by way of fixed security over the Issuer’s rights to all 
funds in respect of the Charged Assets held from time to 
time by the Custodian, other than the Issuer’s rights 
against the Broker; 
(iii) 
an assignment by way of fixed security over the Issuer’s 
rights to all funds held from time to time by the Principal 
Paying Agent and the other Paying Agents or, as the 
case may be, the Registrar to meet payments due under 
the Securities, the Receipts and the Coupons (if any); 
(iv) 
an assignment by way of fixed security of all of the 
Issuer’s rights, title and interest under the Agency 
Agreement and all sums derived therefrom; 
(v) 
an assignment by way of fixed security of all the Issuer’s 
rights, title and interest under the Placing Agreement (if 
any) and all sums derived therefrom; 
(vi) 
an assignment by way of fixed security of all the Issuer’s 
rights, title and interest under the Valuation and 
Liquidation Agreement and all sums derived therefrom; 
(vii) 
an assignment by way of fixed security of all the Issuer’s 
rights, title and interest under the Charged Assets Sale 
Agreement and all sums derived therefrom; 
(viii) 
an assignment by way of fixed security of all the Issuer’s 
rights, title and interest under the Portfolio Management 
Agreement (if any) and any sums and any other assets 
derived therefrom and; 
(ix) 
such other security interest (if any) as may be specified 
in the applicable Pricing Document. 
Save as otherwise specified in the Pricing Document, the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Securities and the Receipts or 
Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto are also secured by an 
assignment by way of fixed security of the Issuer’s rights, title, 
benefit and interest in, to and under the Charged Agreement (as 
defined in Condition 4(b) (Charged Agreement)). Unless 
otherwise provided in the Pricing Document, such security shall 
extend to the obligations of the Issuer under any Further 
Securities (as defined in Condition 16 (Further Issues)) (and the 
Receipts and Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto) issued in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Further Issues) and consolidated 
and forming a single series with such Series. The property and 
other assets described above securing the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Securities (and any Further Securities) and the 
Receipts and Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto are herein 
collectively referred to as the “Mortgaged Property”.  
The Issuer’s obligations to the Counterparty under the Charged 
Agreement (as defined in Condition 4(b) (Charged Agreement)) 
are, unless otherwise specified in the Pricing Document, secured 
as provided in (i) to (vii) of the second paragraph of this Condition 
4(a) (Security). Unless otherwise provided in the Pricing 
Document and Constituting Instrument or in the supplemental 
Pricing Document and Further Constituting Instrument (as 
defined in Condition 16 (Further Issues)), such security in favour 
of the Counterparty shall extend to the obligations of the Issuer 
under any Further Charged Agreement (as defined in Condition

--- Page 162 ---
162 
16 (Further Issues)) supplemental to such Charged Agreement 
entered into in accordance with Condition 16 (Further Issues). 
If so specified in the applicable Constituting Instrument, the 
Counterparty may, pursuant to a Securities Lending Agreement 
(the “Securities Lending Agreement”) dated on or around the 
Issue Date require the Issuer to deliver, or procure the delivery 
of, some or all of the Charged Assets which comprise securities 
on terms that full title to such Charged Assets shall vest in the 
Counterparty, subject to an obligation to redeliver such Charged 
Assets (or assets equivalent thereto or the fair market value 
thereof in cash) on the Maturity Date or on such other date or 
dates as may be specified in the relevant Securities Lending 
Agreement. In such case the rights of the Issuer under the 
Securities Lending Agreement, together with any assets 
delivered by way of collateral to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Securities Lending Agreement, shall form part of the Mortgaged 
Property in relation to the relevant Series of Securities. 
If the Securities are rated and a Securities Lending Agreement 
has been entered into, the Issuer will notify each Rating Agency 
when a Purchase Transaction (as defined in the Securities 
Lending Agreement) is to be entered into under the Securities 
Lending Agreement and each Rating Agency shall, as a condition 
to such Purchase Transaction being entered into, provide written 
confirmation to the Issuer and the Trustee that the rating assigned 
by it to the Securities will not be adversely affected. As used 
herein, “Rating Agency” means any recognised credit rating 
agency, including, without limitation, Standard & Poor’s Rating 
Services, a Division of The Mcgraw-Hill Companies, Inc., 
Moody’s Investors Service Ltd and Fitch Ratings Limited (or any 
successor to their respective credit rating businesses) which 
assigns a rating to the Securities at the request of the Issuer and 
“rated” and “rating” shall be construed accordingly. 
Any security over the Mortgaged Property in respect of a 
Series of Securities will be taken under English law only 
pursuant to the relevant Constituting Instrument (unless 
otherwise specified in such Constituting Instrument or, if 
applicable, taken additionally or separately under a Charging 
Instrument in respect of that Series) and (unless and until 
the security constituted by the Constituting Instrument 
and/or, if applicable, any Charging Instrument in respect of 
such Series of Securities becomes enforceable and then, in 
the case of steps to be taken by the Issuer, only in 
accordance with the directions of the Trustee) neither the 
Issuer nor the Trustee is required by the terms of the 
Programme Level Documents or the Issuer Level Documents 
to perfect the Issuer’s title to any of the Mortgaged Property 
with respect to the Securities, or to take, other than as 
aforementioned, or perfect any security interest over or with 
respect to the Mortgaged Property in accordance with the 
requirements of any applicable laws (but the Issuer will so 
perfect such title and any such security interest to the extent 
that a Rating Agency so requires in connection with a rating 
of a particular Series of Notes at the request of the Issuer). 
In the event that the security constituted by the relevant 
Constituting Instrument and/or, if applicable, any Charging 
Instrument becomes enforceable, the Trustee shall not be 
obliged to perfect any such security interest (to the extent

--- Page 163 ---
163 
that at such time such security interest is not so perfected) 
but may do so or may require the Issuer to do so in order to 
facilitate the realisation of the Mortgaged Property provided 
that such action is, in the opinion of the Trustee, possible 
and practicable under applicable laws and the Trustee is 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its 
satisfaction. 
(b) 
Charged Agreement 
(1) 
General 
The Issuer has, unless otherwise specified in the Pricing 
Document, entered into one or more agreements which may 
comprise an interest rate swap and/or cross-currency swap 
transaction, total return swap, basis swap, forward rate 
agreement, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity 
index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest 
rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor 
transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, 
currency option, forward purchase or sale agreement, credit 
default swap, credit default option, over-the-counter or exchange 
traded derivative contract, or any other transaction (including any 
transaction under a Securities Lending Agreement) providing for 
the payment of money and/or the delivery of securities or other 
assets (present or future, actual or contingent) (including any 
option with respect to any of the foregoing transactions) and any 
combination of any of the foregoing transactions and/or any 
guarantee or other credit support document in respect of the 
obligations of the Counterparty under any such agreement given 
by any entity (any such agreement entered into with respect to a 
Series, as the same may be completed by the provisions of the 
Pricing Document and amended or supplemented from time to 
time in accordance with the Constituting Instrument, the 
“Charged Agreement”) with the Counterparty under which the 
Counterparty may make certain payments and/or deliveries of 
securities or other assets to the Issuer in respect of amounts due 
on or deliveries in respect of the Securities and Receipts or 
Coupons (if any) and the Issuer will, if so provided in the relevant 
Charged Agreement, make certain payments and/or deliveries of 
securities or other assets to the Counterparty on receipt thereof 
by the Issuer out of sums or deliveries received by the Issuer on 
the Charged Assets all as more particularly described in the 
Constituting Instrument. The Charged Agreement may, subject in 
the case of a rated Series to the requirements of each Rating 
Agency (if a particular Series of Securities is rated), contain 
provisions requiring the Counterparty to deposit security, 
collateral or margin, or to provide a guarantee, in certain 
circumstances all as more particularly described in the Pricing 
Document. In the absence of such requirement, no such security, 
collateral, margin or guarantee will be made or provided. The 
Charged Agreement will, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Pricing Document, terminate on the Maturity Date (as 
defined in Condition 7(a) (Final Redemption)) unless terminated 
earlier in accordance with the terms thereof. The Charged 
Agreement will terminate if the Securities are redeemed pursuant 
to Condition 7(b) (Mandatory Redemption) (except Condition 
7(b)(5) (Mandatory Redemption)) or Condition 7(c) (Redemption 
for taxation and other reasons) or if the holders elect to exchange 
the Securities pursuant to Condition 7(i) (Exchange of Series) and

--- Page 164 ---
164 
will be partially or wholly terminated in the event of a redemption 
in whole or in part pursuant to Condition 7(d) (Redemption for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event), Condition 7(g) (Redemption at 
the Option of Securityholders or the Issuer) or Condition 7(b)(5) 
(Mandatory Redemption), Condition 7(e) (Early Redemption of 
Zero Coupon Securities) or Condition 7(j) (Redemption by 
Instalments) or a purchase pursuant to Condition 7(h) 
(Purchase). In the event of an early termination, either party to 
the Charged Agreement may be liable to make a termination 
payment to the other in respect of any loss which that other party 
may have suffered as a result of such termination, as provided in 
such Charged Agreement. 
The Trustee shall not be bound or concerned to make any 
investigation into the creditworthiness of any Counterparty or any 
guarantor thereof, the validity or enforceability of any of the 
Counterparty's obligations under any Charged Agreement or of 
any guarantee of any such obligation or any of the terms of any 
Charged Agreement (including, without limitation, whether the 
cashflows from the Charged Assets and the Securities are 
matched) or any guarantee. 
(2) 
Maintenance of Rating 
If an issue of the Securities is rated, the Charged Agreement (if 
any) will provide, amongst other things, that, if the Counterparty 
has its long term debt rating lowered by a Rating Agency (a 
"Rating Event") and at such time the Securities are then rated by 
such Rating Agency, the Counterparty may, if such Rating 
Agency has confirmed that the rating of the Securities by it will be 
adversely affected by such Rating Event, at its option at any time 
while such circumstance is continuing: 
(i) 
transfer all its rights and obligations under the Charged 
Agreement to another entity acceptable to such Rating 
Agency such that the rating assigned by such Rating 
Agency to the Securities immediately following such 
transfer shall be at least as high as the rating of the 
Securities immediately prior to the Rating Event; 
(ii) 
obtain a guarantee of its rights and obligations under the 
Charged Agreement from another entity acceptable to 
such Rating Agency such that the rating assigned by 
such Rating Agency to the Securities immediately 
following the giving of such guarantee shall be at least as 
high as the rating of the Securities immediately prior to 
the Rating Event; or  
(iii) 
transfer all of its rights and obligations under the Charged 
Agreement to an entity not falling within (i) above but 
whose obligations under the Charged Agreement are 
guaranteed by an entity falling within (ii) above. 
Any transfer of the rights and obligations of the Counterparty or 
any guarantee of the obligations of the Counterparty (or of any 
transferee of the rights and obligations of the Counterparty) in 
respect of the Charged Agreement will be subject to (i) the 
Trustee being satisfied that such rights and obligations have been 
effectively transferred and/or guaranteed, as the case may be, by 
the transferee and/or guarantor selected by the Counterparty (ii) 
that all the Issuer’s right, title, benefit and interest in, to, under 
and in respect of the Charged Agreement following any such

--- Page 165 ---
165 
assignment and transfer and/or guarantee in respect of the 
obligations of the Counterparty (or, as the case may be, any 
transferee to whom the obligations of the Counterparty are 
transferred), are effectively secured in favour of the Trustee for 
the benefit of the Securityholders, the Receiptholders and 
Couponholders (and the holders of any Further Securities, and 
the Receipts and the Coupons (if any) appertaining thereto, 
issued in accordance with Condition 16 (Further Issues) and 
consolidated and forming a single series with the Securities of 
such Series), in each case in form and substance satisfactory to 
the Trustee and (iii) such the transferee and/or guarantor selected 
by the Counterparty has satisfied all ‘know-your-customer’ or 
equivalent checks required by any of the Issuer, the Trustee and 
each Agent in connection with such proposed transfer and/or 
guarantee becoming and such transferor and/or guarantee  has 
itself completed all 'know your-customer’ or equivalent checks 
that it would require to be completed. 
In the event of any such proposed transfer and if the Securities 
are then rated at the request of the Issuer by a Rating Agency, 
the Calculation Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, notify such 
Rating Agency in writing of such proposed transfer. 
(c)
Realisation of the Mortgaged Property upon redemption 
under Condition 7(b) (Mandatory Redemption) or 7(c) 
(Redemption for taxation and other reasons) or 9 (Events of 
Default) 
In the event of the security constituted under the relevant 
Constituting Instrument (or, if applicable, the Charging Instrument 
as specified in the Pricing Document) becoming enforceable as 
provided in Conditions 7(b) (Mandatory Redemption) and 7(c) 
(Redemption for taxation and other reasons), Condition 9 (Events 
of Default) or the Pricing Document, the Trustee shall have the 
right to and may in the case of (a) below and shall in the case of 
(b) below enforce its rights under the Constituting Instrument 
and/or if applicable, the Charging Instrument in relation to the 
Mortgaged Property (a) at its discretion or (b) if sums are due but 
unpaid to the Counterparty, if so directed in writing by the 
Counterparty under the Charged Agreement (if any) in respect of 
a Series or if so directed by the holders of at least one-fifth in 
aggregate principal amount (or, in the case of Certificates, 
Notional Amount) of the Securities then outstanding or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders, (whichever shall 
be the first request or direction to be given) but in each case 
without any liability as to the consequence of such action and 
without having regard to the effect thereof on, or being required 
to account for such action to, individual Securityholders, 
Receiptholders or Couponholders (if any) or the Counterparty (if 
any), provided that the Trustee shall not be required to take any 
such action unless first indemnified and/or secured and/or 
prefunded to its satisfaction and subject as provided in Condition 
9 (Events of Default). On the happening of any such event, the 
Charged Agreement(s) (or part thereof) (if any) will terminate in 
accordance with its/their terms. 
(d) 
Application
After meeting the expenses and remuneration and any other 
amounts due to the Trustee including in respect of liabilities 
incurred, or to any receiver appointed pursuant to the relevant

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Constituting Instrument including in respect of liabilities incurred, 
and/or, if applicable, the Charging Instrument (if any, as specified 
in the Pricing Document) in each case in respect of the Securities, 
and subject as provided in such Constituting Instrument and/or, if 
applicable, the Charging Instrument, the net proceeds of the 
enforcement of the security constituted under the relevant 
Constituting Instrument and/or, if applicable, the Charging 
Instrument will be applied, after (i) all relevant fees and expenses 
of the Issuer and (ii) meeting the claims (if any) of the relevant 
Transferor (as defined in Condition 4(g)(1) (Substitution of Cash 
Collateral for Charged Assets)) in respect of the Undelivered 
Charged Assets, in the manner set out under sub-paragraph (1) 
below (“Counterparty Priority”) unless either “Pari Passu 
Ranking”, 
“Securityholder 
Priority”, 
“Counterparty-only 
Priority” or “Securityholder-only Security” is specified in the 
relevant Pricing Document as being applicable instead, in which 
case they will be applied in the manner set out in the 
corresponding paragraph. For the purposes of this Condition 4(d) 
(Application): 
(1) 
“Counterparty Priority” means:  
(i) 
first, (a) in meeting the claims (if any) of the Custodian 
(excluding for reimbursement of any amounts due and 
payable pursuant to a Custodian Funding Advance) 
and/or the other Agents in respect of any amounts 
payable by the Issuer in relation to the Securities under 
the Custody Agreement or the Agency Agreement 
respectively (including but not limited to any amounts of 
value added tax or other taxes due to any applicable 
revenue authorities); (b) in meeting the claims (if any) of 
the Custodian for reimbursement in respect of payment 
of any amount in respect of the Charged Assets made to 
the Issuer and/or the Principal Paying Agent on its behalf 
prior to receipt of the same by the Custodian including, if 
applicable, any amounts due to the Custodian in relation 
to the performance of any FundSettle Services (but 
excluding any amounts due and payable to the Custodian 
pursuant to a Custodian Funding Advance); and (c) in 
meeting the claims (if any) of the Principal Paying Agent 
for reimbursement in respect of payment of principal and 
interest made to the Securityholders, the Receiptholders 
and/or, as the case may be, Couponholders (if any) prior 
to receipt of the same by the Principal Paying Agent, 
each of the claims in (a), (b) and (c) above to rank pari 
passu and rateably; 
(ii) 
secondly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Counterparty under the Charged Agreement (or, as the 
case may be, each Counterparty pari passu and rateably 
under each Charged Agreement) (excluding the claims (if 
any) of the Counterparty as Transferor in respect of the 
Undelivered Charged Assets); 
(iii) 
thirdly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Custodian for 
reimbursement of any amounts due and payable 
pursuant to a Custodian Funding Advance;

--- Page 167 ---
167 
(iv) 
fourthly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Securityholders, 
the 
Receiptholders 
and 
the 
Couponholders (if any) pari passu and rateably; and   
(v)          fifthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer;  
(2) 
“Pari Passu Ranking” means:  
(i) 
first, (a) in meeting the claims (if any) of the Custodian 
and/or the other Agents in respect of any amounts 
payable by the Issuer in relation to the Securities under 
the Custody Agreement or the Agency Agreement 
respectively (including but not limited to any amounts of 
value added tax or other taxes due to any applicable 
revenue authorities); (b) in meeting the claims (if any) of 
the Custodian for reimbursement in respect of payment 
of any amount in respect of the Charged Assets made to 
the Issuer and/or the Principal Paying Agent on its behalf 
prior to receipt of the same by the Custodian (including 
any amounts due and payable to the Custodian pursuant 
to a Custodian Funding Advance and in relation to the 
performance of any FundSettle Services, if applicable); 
and (c) in meeting the claims (if any) of the Principal 
Paying Agent for reimbursement in respect of payment of 
principal and interest made to the Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders 
and/or, 
as 
the 
case 
may 
be, 
Couponholders (if any) prior to receipt of the same by the 
Principal Paying Agent, each of the claims in (a), (b) and 
(c) above to rank pari passu and rateably; 
(ii) 
secondly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Counterparty under the Charged Agreement (or, as the 
case may be, each Counterparty under each Charged 
Agreement) (excluding the claims (if any) of the 
Counterparty as Transferor in respect of the Undelivered 
Charged 
Assets) 
and 
the 
Securityholders, 
the 
Receiptholders and the Couponholders (if any) pari 
passu and rateably; and 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer; 
(3) 
“Securityholder Priority” means:  
(i) 
first, (a) in meeting the claims (if any) of the Custodian 
(excluding for reimbursement of any amounts due and 
payable pursuant to a Custodian Funding Advance) 
and/or the other Agents in respect of any amounts 
payable by the Issuer in relation to the Securities under 
the Custody Agreement or the Agency Agreement 
respectively (including but not limited to any amounts of 
value added tax or other taxes due to any applicable 
revenue authorities); (b) in meeting the claims (if any) of 
the Custodian for reimbursement in respect of payment 
of any amount in respect of the Charged Assets made to 
the Issuer and/or the Principal Paying Agent on its behalf 
prior to receipt of the same by the Custodian including, if 
applicable, any amounts due to the Custodian in relation 
to the performance of any FundSettle Services (but 
excluding any amounts due and payable to the Custodian 
pursuant to a Custodian Funding Advance); and (c) in 
meeting the claims (if any) of the Principal Paying Agent 
for reimbursement in respect of payment of principal and

--- Page 168 ---
168 
interest made to the Securityholders, the Receiptholders 
and/or, as the case may be, Couponholders (if any) prior 
to receipt of the same by the Principal Paying Agent, 
each of the claims in (a), (b) and (c) above to rank pari 
passu and rateably; 
(ii)  
secondly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Custodian 
for reimbursement of any amounts due and payable 
pursuant to a Custodian Funding Advance; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Securityholders, 
the 
Receiptholders 
and 
the 
Couponholders (if any) pari passu and rateably; 
(iv) 
fourthly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Counterparty 
under the Charged Agreement (or, as the case may be, 
each Counterparty pari passu and rateably under each 
Charged Agreement) (excluding the claims (if any) of the 
Counterparty as Transferor in respect of the Undelivered 
Charged Assets); and 
(v) 
fifthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer;  
(4) 
“Securityholder-only Security” means:  
(i) 
first, (a) in meeting the claims (if any) of the Custodian 
(excluding for reimbursement of any amounts due and 
payable pursuant to a Custodian Funding Advance) 
and/or the Principal Paying Agent in respect of any 
amounts payable by the Issuer in relation to the 
Securities under the Custody Agreement or the Agency 
Agreement respectively (including but not limited to any 
amounts of value added tax or other taxes due to any 
applicable revenue authorities); (b) in meeting the claims 
(if any) of the Custodian for reimbursement in respect of 
payment of any amount in respect of the Charged Assets 
made to the Issuer and/or the Principal Paying Agent on 
its behalf prior to receipt of the same by the Custodian 
including, if applicable, any amounts due to the 
Custodian in relation to the performance of any 
FundSettle Services (but excluding any amounts due and 
payable to the Custodian pursuant to a Custodian 
Funding Advance); and (c) in meeting the claims (if any) 
of the Principal Paying Agent for reimbursement in 
respect of payment of principal and interest made to the 
Securityholders, the Receiptholders and/or, as the case 
may be, Couponholders (if any) prior to receipt of the 
same by the Principal Paying Agent, each of the claims 
in (a), (b) and (c) above to rank pari passu and rateably; 
(ii)  
secondly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Custodian 
for reimbursement of any amounts due and payable 
pursuant to a Custodian Funding Advance; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Securityholders, 
the 
Receiptholders 
and 
the 
Couponholders (if any) pari passu and rateably; and 
(iv) 
fourthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer; 
and

--- Page 169 ---
169 
(5) 
“Counterparty-only Priority” means:  
(i) 
first, (a) in meeting the claims (if any) of the Custodian 
(excluding for reimbursement of any amounts due and 
payable pursuant to a Custodian Funding Advance) 
and/or the other Agents in respect of any amounts 
payable by the Issuer in relation to the Securities under 
the Custody Agreement or the Agency Agreement 
respectively (including but not limited to any amounts of 
value added tax or other taxes due to any applicable 
revenue authorities); (b) in meeting the claims (if any) of 
the Custodian for reimbursement in respect of payment 
of any amount in respect of the Charged Assets made to 
the Issuer and/or the Principal Paying Agent on its behalf 
prior to receipt of the same by the Custodian including, if 
applicable, any amounts due to the Custodian in relation 
to the performance of any FundSettle Services (but 
excluding any amounts due and payable to the Custodian 
pursuant to a Custodian Funding Advance); and (c) in 
meeting the claims (if any) of the Principal Paying Agent 
for reimbursement in respect of payment of principal and 
interest made to the Securityholders, the Receiptholders 
and/or, as the case may be, Couponholders (if any) prior 
to receipt of the same by the Principal Paying Agent, 
each of the claims in (a), (b) and (c) above to rank pari 
passu and rateably; 
(ii) 
secondly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the 
Counterparty under the Charged Agreement (or, as the 
case may be, each Counterparty pari passu and rateably 
under each Charged Agreement) (excluding the claims (if 
any) of the Counterparty as Transferor in respect of the 
Undelivered Charged Assets);  
(iii)  
thirdly, in meeting the claims (if any) of the Custodian for 
reimbursement of any amounts due and payable 
pursuant to a Custodian Funding Advance; and 
(iv) 
fourthly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer,  
or any other basis of distribution provided for in the relevant 
Pricing Document.  
(6) 
“Undelivered Charged Assets” means any Charged Assets 
which are required to be delivered by a Transferor (as defined in 
Condition 4(g)(1) (Substitution of Cash Collateral for Charged 
Assets)) to the Issuer or the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer but 
which have not been so delivered prior to 11.00 a.m. (London 
time) on the Delivery Cut-off Date (as defined in Condition 
7(h)(3)). 
(e)
Shortfall after Application of Proceeds  
If the net proceeds of the security constituted by the relevant 
Constituting Instrument and/or, if applicable, the Charging 
Instrument (if any, as specified in the Pricing Document) for any 
Series of the Securities, such security having been enforced 
under Condition 4(c) (Realisation of the Mortgaged Property upon 
redemption under Condition 7(b) or 7(c) or 9), are not sufficient, 
after meeting the expenses and remuneration and any other 
amounts due to the Trustee and after meeting the claims (if any) 
of the relevant Transferor in respect of the Undelivered Charged

--- Page 170 ---
170 
Assets referred to in Condition 4(d), to make all payments due in 
respect of the Securities and Receipts or Coupons (if any) and for 
the Issuer to meet its obligations, if any, in respect of the 
termination of the Charged Agreement (if any) in respect of that 
Series, the other assets of the Issuer (including, without limitation, 
assets securing any other Series of Securities) will not be 
available for payment of any shortfall arising therefrom. Any such 
shortfall shall, unless otherwise provided in the Pricing 
Document, if applicable, be borne by the Securityholders and 
Receiptholders and Couponholders (if any) and by the 
Counterparty in the reverse order of priority specified in the 
Pricing Document. Claims in respect of any such shortfall 
remaining after realisation of the security under Condition 4(c) 
and application of the proceeds in accordance with the relevant 
Constituting Instrument and Condition 4(d) (Application) shall be 
extinguished and failure to make any payment in respect of any 
such shortfall shall in no circumstances constitute an Event of 
Default under Condition 9 (Events of Default) in respect of the 
Securities or in respect of any Securities of any other Series.  
Neither the Trustee nor the Custodian is under any obligation to 
maintain any insurance in respect of any part of the security 
contemplated by the relevant Constituting Instrument, whether 
against loss of such security by theft or fire, in respect of fraud or 
forgery or against any other risk whatsoever. 
(f)
Replacement and/or Substitution of Charged Assets  
Securityholders should be aware that Condition 4(f) 
(Replacement and/or Substitution of Charged Assets) shall 
not apply to Participation Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any determinations made and/or 
actions taken by the Counterparty in respect of any Replacement 
and/or Substitution of Charged Assets pursuant to this Condition 
4(f) (Replacement and/or Substitution of Charged Assets) are 
made and/or taken by the Counterparty acting solely as principal 
transacting with the Issuer on a principal to principal basis and 
not as agent of the Issuer.  
(1) 
If so specified in relation to the Securities of a Series in the Pricing 
Document, the Counterparty may, subject to and in accordance 
with the provisions of the Pricing Document and the Constituting 
Instrument, by notice in writing to the Issuer (a “Replacement 
Notice”) in, or substantially in, the form set out in the Master Trust 
Terms, require that any securities or other assets for the time 
being comprising all or part of the Charged Assets in relation to 
that series of Securities (hereinafter referred to as the “Replaced 
Assets”) be replaced (a “Replacement”) by other securities or 
assets of a type or types (or combination thereof), having a 
maturity date or dates and other features (if any) specified in the 
Pricing Document and having a market value or nominal value 
(as the case may be) (a “Replacement Value”) calculated by the 
Counterparty (if any) in accordance with the Pricing Document 
(“Replacement Assets”) (such Replacement to be effected 
through a sale of the Replaced Assets by the Issuer to the 
Counterparty and a purchase of the Replacement Assets by the 
Issuer from the Counterparty (in each case with the Counterparty 
acting as principal and transacting with the Issuer on a principal

--- Page 171 ---
171 
to principal basis), on the terms specified in the Replacement 
Notice), provided, however, that:  
(i) 
no such Replacement nor any Replacement Assets shall 
(aa) render the Issuer liable to taxation outside its 
jurisdiction of incorporation or residence, (bb) result in the 
contravention by the Issuer of any applicable law or 
regulation, (cc) require the Issuer to make any filing or 
declaration under any applicable law or regulation or (dd) 
give rise (save as provided for in this Condition 4(f)(1) 
(Replacement and/or Substitution of Charged Assets)) to 
any obligation or liability on the Issuer’s part to take any 
action, or to make any payment, other than with the 
Issuer’s express agreement unless the Issuer shall have 
first been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction 
against such obligation or liability and the Trustee shall 
not be obliged to execute any document or do any other 
act or thing if, in the sole opinion of the Trustee, to do so 
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to further liabilities or reduce its rights, powers 
or protections and unless it shall have received such 
certificates, opinions and documents (if any) in form and 
substance satisfactory to it that it shall require, including, 
without limitation, if the Securities are rated, confirmation 
from each Rating Agency that its current rating of 
Securities will not be adversely affected by such 
Replacement or Replacement Assets;  
(ii) 
upon any release of the Replaced Assets from the 
security created by the relevant Constituting Instrument 
and/or Charging Instrument, any Replacement Assets 
being substituted for the Replaced Assets are expressed 
to be delivered, transferred or (as the case may be) 
assigned to the Issuer on the same terms, mutatis 
mutandis, as the Replaced Assets or otherwise as the 
Trustee and the Counterparty (if any) may approve in 
writing;  
(iii) 
upon any release of the Replaced Assets from the 
security created by the relevant Constituting Instrument 
and/or Charging Instrument, any such Replacement 
Assets being substituted for the Replaced Assets are 
subject to the charge or other security interest created by 
the relevant Constituting Instrument and/or Charging 
Instrument and/or any further security documents 
required by the Trustee; and  
(iv) 
such other conditions as may be specified in the Pricing 
Document and the Constituting Instrument are satisfied.  
Upon receipt of a Replacement Notice, the Issuer shall forthwith 
notify the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Securities), the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Securities), the Custodian and, in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), the Securityholders. The Trustee shall not be liable to 
the Issuer, the Counterparty or the Securityholders and the Issuer 
shall not be liable to the Trustee, the Counterparty or the 
Securityholders for any loss arising from any arrangement 
referred to in the Replacement Notice or otherwise from the 
operation of this Condition 4(f)(1) (Replacement and/or 
Substitution of Charged Assets). Amendments consequential

--- Page 172 ---
172 
upon any Replacement may be required to be made to the 
provisions of the Charged Agreement (if any) relating to the 
Securities to reflect the change in the composition of the Charged 
Assets and no consent of the Securityholders shall be required in 
order to effect such amendments. The provisions relating to the 
right of the Counterparty to request a Replacement will be more 
particularly described in the Pricing Document and the 
Constituting Instrument. The Replacement Value determined 
pursuant to the provisions of the relevant Pricing Document and 
the Constituting Instrument shall be binding on the Issuer, the 
Trustee and the Securityholders and no liability to the Issuer, the 
Trustee or the Securityholders or any other person shall attach to 
the Counterparty or the Issuer in connection therewith.  
The Master Trust Terms provide that, in connection with any 
Replacement, the Trustee shall receive a certificate from the 
Counterparty confirming that all the conditions and requirements 
in relation to the Replacement have been met, and it may rely 
absolutely upon such certificate for all purposes without liability to 
any person and, for the avoidance of doubt, it need make no 
further enquiry of any nature. By subscription for or acquisition of 
any Security, each Securityholder accepts and is bound by this 
provision absolutely.  
The Counterparty shall bear and pay, and shall indemnify the 
Issuer and the Trustee against, all costs, expenses and taxes 
(including, without limitation, stamp duty) (if any) payable in 
connection with a Replacement.  
(2) 
If securities and/or other assets which comprise all or part of the 
Charged Assets for the time being for a Series of Securities have 
a final maturity date which falls prior to the maturity date or other 
date for final redemption of the Securities of such Series 
(“Maturing Assets”) and the Securities are not required to be 
redeemed in that event, then subject to and in accordance with 
the relevant Pricing Document and the Constituting Instrument 
and (if a Series of Securities is rated) subject to written 
confirmation from each Rating Agency to the Issuer and the 
Trustee that the ratings of existing Series of Securities rated by 
such Rating Agency will not be adversely affected, the proceeds 
of redemption received upon maturity of such Maturing Assets 
shall be applied either:  
(i) 
to the extent required by the Counterparty pursuant to 
any Substitution Notice (as defined below), in the 
purchase on a principal to principal basis by the Issuer 
from the Counterparty of further securities and/or other 
assets of a type or types (or combination thereof) 
identified by the Counterparty and having a maturity date 
or dates and other features (if any) specified in the Pricing 
Document (if any) and having a market value or nominal 
value (as the case may be) (a “Substitute Value”) 
calculated by the Counterparty in accordance with the 
Pricing Document (if any) (“Substitute Assets”); or 
(ii) 
to the extent the Counterparty does not exercise such a 
right to sell securities or assets to the Issuer, by the 
Custodian on behalf of the Issuer crediting such proceeds 
of redemption to an interest bearing account held by the 
Custodian in the name of the Issuer (the “Deposit 
Account”) and which shall be opened by the Custodian

--- Page 173 ---
173 
with a bank or other financial institution specified in the 
Pricing Document (if any). In respect of a rated Series, 
any requirements of the relevant Rating Agency or Rating 
Agencies relating to such bank or financial institution 
(such as any minimum rating requirement) shall be set 
out in the Constituting Instrument. Funds credited to the 
Deposit Account from time to time (including capitalised 
interest) shall be debited from the Deposit Account on or 
before the Maturity Date or other date for redemption of 
the Securities to be applied by the Issuer in connection 
with such redemption or in making payment under the 
Charged Agreement as the case may require or as 
specified in the Pricing Document.  
The net proceeds of redemption of Maturing Assets the 
maturity date of which falls prior to the maturity date or 
other date for redemption of the Securities and funds 
standing to the credit of the Deposit Account shall be 
applied by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer in or 
towards purchase of Substitute Assets from the 
Counterparty to the extent that the Counterparty 
exercises its right to sell Substitute Assets to the Issuer 
from time to time, subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Pricing Document and the Constituting 
Instrument as specified in the relevant Substitution Notice 
(as defined below). In connection therewith, the 
Counterparty shall at the times and on the dates specified 
in the Pricing Document determine the availability of 
Substitute Assets for the purposes of this Condition 
4(f)(2) (Replacement and/or Substitution of Charged 
Assets), calculate and determine the Substitute Value 
thereof and the date on which such Substitute Assets fall 
to be purchased and the applicable purchase price 
therefor subject to and in accordance with the Pricing 
Document and the Constituting Instrument and shall 
forthwith (and in any event on or before the date and/or 
time specified in the Pricing Document) give a notice to 
the Issuer (a “Substitution Notice”) in, or substantially 
in, the form set out in the Master Trust Terms, specifying, 
among other things, the details of any Substitute Assets, 
the applicable Substitute Value thereof, the purchase 
price thereof and the date on which such purchase price 
falls to be paid. Upon receipt of a Substitution Notice, the 
Issuer shall forthwith notify the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities), the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities), the 
Custodian, the Counterparty (if any), and, in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), the Securityholders, and a 
Substitution Notice, once given by the Counterparty, shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, and on such 
other persons so notified by the Issuer (save in the case 
of manifest error). Subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Pricing Document and the Constituting 
Instrument, the Substitute Assets specified in such 
Substitution Notice shall be purchased by the Custodian 
on behalf of the Issuer on the date specified in such 
Substitution Notice at the price specified in such 
Substitution Notice either by applying the net proceeds of 
redemption upon maturity of any Maturing Assets, as

--- Page 174 ---
174 
aforesaid, and/or, as the case may be, by applying funds 
standing to the credit of the Deposit Account in or towards 
making such purchase (provided, however, that no 
purchase of Substitute Assets shall occur to the extent 
that the purchase price therefor and any costs, expenses 
and taxes (including stamp duty) payable in connection 
with the substitution (the “Substitution Costs”) exceeds 
(and the Counterparty shall be entitled to, and shall, 
deduct any Substitution Cost from) the net proceeds of 
redemption upon maturity of any Maturing Assets, as 
aforesaid, and funds (if any) standing to the credit of the 
Deposit Account available on the relevant date for 
purchase thereof). Notwithstanding the foregoing, a 
Substitution may only be made if:  
(a) 
such Substitution and any Substitute Assets do 
not (aa) render the Issuer liable to taxation 
outside its jurisdiction of incorporation or 
residence, (bb) result in the contravention by the 
Issuer of any applicable law or regulation, (cc) 
require the Issuer to make any filing or 
declaration under any applicable law or 
regulation and (dd) give rise (save as provided 
for in this Condition 4(f)(2) (Replacement and/or 
Substitution of Charged Assets)) to any 
obligation or liability on the Issuer’s part to take 
any action, or to make any payment, other than 
with the Issuer’s express agreement unless the 
Issuer shall have first been indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction against such liability 
and the Trustee shall not be obliged to execute 
any document or do any other act or thing if, in 
the sole opinion of the Trustee, to do so would 
impose more onerous obligations upon it or 
expose it to further liabilities or reduce its rights, 
powers or protections and unless it shall have 
received 
such 
certificates, 
opinions 
and 
documents (if any) in form and substance 
satisfactory to it that it shall require including, 
without limitation, confirmation from each Rating 
Agency (if any) that its current rating of the 
Securities will not be adversely affected by such 
Substitution or Substitute Assets (if a Series of 
Securities is rated); and  
(b) 
any Substitute Assets are expressed to be 
delivered, transferred or (as the case may be) 
assigned to the Issuer on the same terms, 
mutatis mutandis, as the Maturing Assets or 
otherwise as the Trustee and the Counterparty 
(if any) may approve.  
Any Substitute Assets purchased pursuant to the 
foregoing 
provisions 
of 
this 
Condition 
4(f)(2) 
(Replacement and/or Substitution of Charged Assets) 
shall be subject to the charge and/or other security 
created by the relevant Constituting Instrument and/or 
Charging Instrument and subject to such other conditions 
as may be specified in the relevant Constituting 
Instrument. In addition, amendments consequential upon

--- Page 175 ---
175 
any purchase of Substitute Assets and/or the crediting of 
funds to the Deposit Account may be required to be made 
to the provisions of the Charged Agreement to reflect the 
change in the composition of the Charged Assets which 
amendments shall be specified by the Counterparty in the 
relevant Substitution Notice and no consent of the 
Securityholders shall be required in order to effect such 
amendments.  
All determinations of the availability of Substitute Assets, 
and all calculations of the Substitute Value thereof, the 
purchase price and applicable date for purchase thereof 
and/or amendments (if any) required to be made to the 
Charged Agreement (if any) consequential upon any 
purchase of Substitute Assets or crediting of funds to the 
Deposit Account shall be made by the Counterparty in 
accordance with the relevant Constituting Instrument and 
all such determinations and calculations shall be binding 
on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Securityholders, the 
Counterparty and all other persons (in the absence of 
manifest error). The Trustee shall not be liable to the 
Issuer, the Counterparty (if any) or the Securityholders 
nor shall the Issuer be liable to the Trustee, any 
Securityholder or the Counterparty for any loss arising 
from any arrangement referred to in any Substitution 
Notice or for the purchase price of the Substitute Assets 
or otherwise from the operation of this Condition 4(f)(2). 
The purchase of Substitute Assets pursuant to the 
provisions of this Condition 4(f)(2) is herein referred to as 
“Substitution”.  
The Master Trust Terms provide that, in connection with 
any Substitution, the Trustee shall receive a certificate 
from the Counterparty describing the Substitution and 
confirming that the Substitution is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders, and it 
may rely absolutely upon such certificate for all purposes 
and, for the avoidance of doubt, it need make no further 
enquiry of any nature. By subscription for or acquisition 
of any Security, each Securityholder accepts and is 
bound by this provision absolutely.  
All rights of Replacement and/or Substitution under this 
Condition 4(f) (Replacement and/or Substitution of 
Charged Assets) shall cease forthwith upon the security 
constituted by the relevant Constituting Instrument 
becoming enforceable unless and until (in the case of 
such security becoming enforceable following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 
9 (Events of Default)) the Securityholders request or 
direct the Trustee in accordance with Condition 9 (Events 
of Default) not to give notice to the Issuer that the 
Securities shall become due and payable.  
(g)
Substitution of Cash Collateral for Charged Assets 
(1) 
In the event that the Mortgaged Property for a Series of Securities 
is stated in the relevant Constituting Instrument to include 
Charged Assets and either the Seller, the Arranger or the 
Counterparty (as applicable) (each, a “Transferor”) does not 
deliver to the Issuer, or to the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer,

--- Page 176 ---
176 
on the Issue Date all or any part of the Charged Assets pursuant 
to the Charged Assets Sale Agreement or, as the case may be, 
pursuant to the Placing Agreement or such other arrangements 
as may have been agreed between the Issuer and the Arranger 
or, as the case may be, pursuant to the Charged Agreement, the 
Issuer shall, on the Issue Date, deposit the Cash Collateral with 
the Custodian if and to the extent that the Issuer has received an 
amount equal to the same and which is available for such 
purpose either from the issue proceeds of the Securities or 
through the repayment of a sum equal to the same by the relevant 
Transferor as a consequence of the Charged Assets not having 
been delivered to the Issuer on the Issue Date. The Cash 
Collateral shall form part of the Charged Assets and shall be 
subject to the security interests in favour of the Trustee created 
pursuant to the Constituting Instrument.  
(2) 
As used in these Conditions, “Cash Collateral” means, in relation 
to a Series of Securities, an amount equal to either (i) (a) the 
Consideration (as defined in the Charged Assets Sale 
Agreement) payable by the Issuer to the Seller in respect of the 
sale of the Charged Assets pursuant to the Charged Assets Sale 
Agreement multiplied by (b) the principal amount or number of 
the Charged Assets not delivered by the Seller on the Issue Date 
(or the date thereafter agreed by the Issuer and the Seller) 
divided by the total principal amount or number of the Charged 
Assets specified in the Pricing Document of the Securities as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (which shall, if the Charged 
Assets are denominated in more than one currency, determine in 
a commercially reasonable manner the ratio described in this part 
(b) by rebasing the currency of the Charged Assets into the 
currency of the Securities) or (ii) if there is no Charged Assets 
Sale Agreement an amount equal to (a) the principal amount (or, 
in the case of Certificates, Notional Amount) of the Securities 
multiplied by the Issue Price multiplied by (b) the principal amount 
of the Charged Assets not delivered by the relevant Transferor on 
the Issue Date (or the date thereafter agreed by the Issuer and 
such Transferor) divided by the total principal amount of the 
Charged Assets specified in the Pricing Document of the 
Securities as determined by the Calculation Agent (which shall, if 
the Charged Assets are denominated in more than one currency, 
determine in a commercially reasonable manner the ratio 
described in this part (b) by rebasing the currency of the Charged 
Assets into the currency of the Securities). 
(3) 
To the extent that the relevant Transferor delivers all or any of the 
Charged Assets to the Issuer, or to the Custodian on behalf of the 
Issuer, prior to 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the 30th calendar day 
after the Issue Date (the “Delivery Cut-off Date”), the Issuer shall 
pay to such Transferor an amount equal to such part of the Cash 
Collateral (as determined by the Calculation Agent) as is 
proportionate to the Charged Assets so delivered and shall 
instruct the Custodian to make such payment on its behalf to the 
Transferor out of the balance of the Cash Collateral deposited 
with the Custodian. Such Cash Collateral shall, pursuant to the 
Trust Deed constituted by the Constituting Instrument, be 
released from the security created thereby and the Charged 
Assets so delivered shall be automatically subject to the security 
created thereby. In the event that the relevant Transferor does 
not deliver all of the Charged Assets to the Issuer, or to the

--- Page 177 ---
177 
Custodian on behalf of the Issuer, prior to 11.00 a.m. (London 
time) on the Delivery Cut-off Date, the provisions of Condition 
7(b)(3) (Mandatory Redemption) shall apply. 
(4) 
Any interest earned on the Deposit Account shall be paid by the 
Issuer to the Counterparty under the Charged Agreement and the 
Custodian shall make such payments in accordance with the 
instructions of the Issuer or, if there is no Charged Agreement, 
the provisions relating to interest earned on the Deposit Account 
and any amounts paid or payable on the Charged Assets pending 
delivery will be as specified in the Constituting Instrument. For the 
avoidance of doubt, Condition 4(g)(2) (Redemption at the Option 
of Securityholders or the Issuer) shall not affect the payments by 
the Counterparty to the Issuer under the Charged Agreement (if 
any). Furthermore, pursuant to the Charged Agreement, to the 
extent that the Transferor is the Counterparty and the Charged 
Agreement requires the Issuer to pay to the Counterparty 
amounts equal to amounts paid or payable under the Charged 
Assets, the Counterparty shall be entitled to retain any amounts 
paid to it under any Charged Assets held by it pending the 
delivery of such Charged Assets to the Issuer in satisfaction of 
the Issuer’s corresponding payment obligations under the 
Charged Agreement and, to the extent that the Transferor is not 
the Counterparty and the Charged Agreement requires the Issuer 
to pay to the Counterparty amounts equal to amounts paid or 
payable under the Charged Assets then the Issuer shall request 
the relevant Transferor promptly to pay any amounts paid to the 
Transferor under any Charged Assets held by the Transferor 
pending the delivery of the Charged Assets to the Issuer to the 
Counterparty in satisfaction of the Issuer’s corresponding 
payment obligations under the Charged Agreement. 
5. 
Restrictions 
So long as any of the Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer has 
covenanted so that it will not, without the prior written consent of the 
Trustee and the Counterparty (if any): 
(A) 
engage in any activity or do anything whatsoever (and has 
represented that it has not engaged in any activity or done 
anything whatsoever), except:  
(i) 
issuing or entering into Securities, bonds, or other debt 
securities, loan obligations, funds, equities, exchange 
traded funds, exchange traded derivatives and other 
exchange traded products, derivative transactions 
including, without limitation, currency exchange and 
currency hedging arrangements, swaps transactions 
(including, without limitation, total return, default and 
funded default swaps) options or futures transactions, 
buy-sell back transactions, sale and repurchase 
transactions, Further Securities (each an “Investment” 
and together the “Investments”) provided that such 
Investments are secured (unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Constituting Instrument) on specified assets 
of the Issuer (other than its share capital) and on terms 
which provide for the extinguishment of all claims in 
respect of such Investments to the extent not paid in full 
after application of the proceeds of the specified assets 
on which such Investments are secured (the “Permitted 
Investments”); or otherwise incurring indebtedness or

--- Page 178 ---
178 
obligations in respect of moneys borrowed or raised or in 
respect of the issue or creation of other investments 
where such indebtedness or obligation is incurred on 
terms that it is secured (unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Constituting Instrument) on specified assets of 
the Issuer (other than its share capital) which do not form 
part of the Mortgaged Property and on terms which 
provide for the extinguishment of all claims in respect of 
such indebtedness or obligation to the extent not paid in 
full after application of the proceeds of the specified 
assets on which such indebtedness or obligation is 
secured (the “Permitted Obligations”);  
(ii) 
enter into any Agency Agreement, Trust Deed, Charged 
Agreement, Securities Lending Agreement, a Custodian 
Funding Advance (and related Custodian Funding 
Charge) or deed or agreement of any other kind related 
to any Permitted Investment or Permitted Obligation, but 
provided always that any such agreement is entered into 
on terms which provide for extinguishment of all claims in 
respect of such obligations to the extent not paid in full 
after application of the proceeds of the specified assets 
on which such indebtedness or obligation is secured;  
(iii) 
acquire, or enter into any agreement constituting the 
collateral in respect of any Permitted Investment or the 
assets securing any Permitted Obligations;  
(iv) 
perform its obligations under each Permitted Investment 
or Permitted Obligation and the Agency Agreement, Trust 
Deed, 
Charged 
Agreement, 
Securities 
Lending 
Agreement, 
Constituting 
Instrument, 
Custody 
Agreement, Custodian Funding Charge and/or, if 
applicable, Charging Instrument or other deeds or 
agreements incidental to the issue and constitution of, or 
the granting of security for, any Permitted Investment or 
Permitted Obligations;  
(v) 
enforce any of its rights under the Agency Agreement, the 
Trust Deed, the Charged Agreement, the Securities 
Lending Agreement, Constituting Instrument and/or, if 
applicable, Charging Instrument or any other deed or 
agreement entered into in relation to any Permitted 
Investment or Permitted Obligations;  
(vi) 
enter into any agreement in order to facilitate compliance 
with the regulatory obligations of the Issuer, the 
Counterparty and/or any other relevant party; 
(vii) 
perform any act incidental to or necessary in connection 
with any of the above;  
(B) 
have any subsidiaries or employees; 
(C) 
subject to sub-paragraph (A) above, dispose of any of its property 
or other assets or any part thereof or interest therein (subject as 
provided in the Conditions relating to any Permitted Investment 
or the terms and conditions of any Permitted Obligations); 
(D) 
declare or pay any dividend or other distribution to its members;  
(E) 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property;

--- Page 179 ---
179 
(F) 
consolidate or merge with any other person; or 
(G) 
issue any shares. 
6. 
Interest 
Words and expressions used in this Condition 6(a) (Interest Rate and 
Accrual) to (i) are defined (unless defined elsewhere in these terms and 
conditions) in Condition 6(i) (Definitions).  
(a)
Interest Rate and Accrual  
Each Security (other than a Zero Coupon Security) bears interest 
on its Calculation Amount from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Interest Rate, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Interest shall 
accrue from and including one Interest Payment Date (or, as the 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date) to but excluding 
the next following Interest Payment Date.  
Interest will cease to accrue on each Security on the due date for 
redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest 
will continue to accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the 
Interest Rate and in the manner provided in this Condition 6 
(Interest) until the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7(e)(3) 
(Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Securities)).  
(b)
Business Day Convention  
If any date referred to in these Conditions which is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a business day 
convention would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Relevant 
Business Day, then, if the business day convention specified in 
the Pricing Document is (i) the Floating Rate Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Relevant 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event (aa) such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Relevant Business Day and (bb) each 
subsequent such date shall be the last Relevant Business Day of 
the month in which such date would have fallen, (ii) the Following 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Relevant Business Day, (iii) the Modified 
Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Relevant Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which 
event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Relevant Business Day or (iv) the Preceding Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Relevant Business Day.  
(c)
Interest Rate on Floating Rate Securities  
The Interest Rate payable from time to time in respect of each 
Floating Rate Security will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the basis of the following provisions:  
(1) 
At or about the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in respect of each Interest Period, the 
Calculation Agent will:  
(A) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities where ISDA 
Determination is specified in the Pricing Document as the

--- Page 180 ---
180 
manner in which the Interest Rate is to be determined the 
Interest Rate for each Interest Period will be the relevant 
ISDA Rate plus or minus the Spread (if any) or by 
multiplying such rate by the Spread Multiplier (if any) (as 
specified in the Pricing Document). For the purpose of this 
sub-paragraph (A), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest 
swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent for that swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as supplemental and/or 
amended from time to time and under which:  
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the 
Pricing Document;  
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in 
the Pricing Document; and  
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the 
applicable Floating Rate Option is based on the 
London inter-bank offered rate (“LIBOR”) or on 
the 
Euro-zone 
inter-bank 
offered 
rate 
(“EURIBOR”) for a currency the first day of that 
Interest Period or (ii) in any other case, as 
specified in the Pricing Document.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), 
“Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option, “Designated Maturity and “Reset 
Date” have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions;  
(B) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities other than Floating 
Rate Securities which reference SONIA or SOFR, where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Pricing 
Document as the manner in which the Interest Rate is to 
be determined, the Interest Rate for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either:  
(i) 
the offered quotation; or  
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Benchmark which appears or appear, as the 
case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 
11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, 
or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR on the 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or 
minus (as indicated in the Pricing Document) the 
Spread (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one 
such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more 
than one such lowest quotation, one only of such

--- Page 181 ---
181 
quotations) 
shall 
be 
disregarded 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) 
of such offered quotations.  
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for 
determining the Interest Rate in the event that the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the 
case of (1) above, no such offered quotation 
appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than 
three such offered quotations appear, in each 
case as at the time specified in the preceding 
paragraph.  
(C) 
in the case of Floating Rate Securities which reference 
SONIA or SOFR, where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the Pricing Document as the manner in which 
the Interest Rate is to be determined, the Interest Rate for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the 
relevant Series of Securities is specified in the 
relevant 
Pricing 
Document 
as 
being 
"Compounded 
Daily", 
the 
Interest 
Rate 
applicable to the Securities for each Interest 
Period will be the Compounded Daily Reference 
Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the Pricing 
Document) the Margin, all as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination 
Date and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Method in respect of the 
relevant Series of Securities is specified in the 
Pricing Document as being "Weighted Average", 
the Interest Rate applicable to the Securities for 
each Interest Period will be the Weighted 
Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Pricing Document) the Margin, all 
as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
Interest Determination Date and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards. 
(iii) 
Where the Benchmark from time to time in 
respect of Floating Rate Securities is specified in 
the Pricing Document as being SONIA, if, in 
respect of any Calculation Business Day, the 
SONIA rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
such SONIA rate shall be: 
(x) 
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the 
"Bank Rate") prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, 
if earlier, close of business) on the 
relevant Calculation Business Day; plus 
(ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA 
rate to the Bank Rate over the previous

--- Page 182 ---
182 
five days on which a SONIA reference 
rate has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those 
highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, 
if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(y) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the 
Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the 
relevant Calculation Business Day, the 
SONIA rate published on the Relevant 
Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for 
the first preceding Calculation Business 
Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors), 
and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted 
accordingly. 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the 
event of the Bank of England publishing 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA rate is to be 
determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace the 
SONIA rate, the Calculation Agent shall, in 
accordance with the instructions of the Issuer, 
follow such guidance to the extent practicable 
and to the extent such guidance does not 
increase obligations or duties of the Calculation 
Agent in order to determine the SONIA rate, for 
purposes of the Securities, for so long as the 
SONIA rate is not available or has not been 
published by the authorised distributors. 
(iv) 
Where the Benchmark from time to time in 
respect of Floating Rate Securities is specified in 
the Pricing Document as being SOFR, if, in 
respect of any Calculation Business Day, the 
SOFR rate is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
the SOFR rate shall be the SOFR rate for the first 
preceding Calculation Business Day on which 
SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (and “r” shall be interpreted accordingly).  
(v) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of 
paragraphs (iii) and (iv) above shall be without 
prejudice to the provisions of Master Condition 
7(d) 
(Redemption 
for 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event).  
(D) 
If the Benchmark from time to time in respect of Floating 
Rate Securities is specified in the Pricing Document as 
being other than LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR, the 
Interest Rate in respect of such Securities will be 
determined as provided in the Pricing Document.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
(d)
Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Securities  
Where a Security the Interest Rate of which is specified to be Zero 
Coupon is repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid 
when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
(as defined in Condition 7(a) (Final Redemption)) shall be the 
“Amortised Face Amount” of such Security as determined in 
accordance with Condition 7(e)(3) (Early Redemption of Zero 
Coupon Securities). As from the Maturity Date or other date for 
redemption any overdue principal of such Security shall bear 
interest at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the “Amortisation Yield” specified in the Pricing Document (as 
well after as before judgment) to the Relevant Date (as defined in 
Condition 7(e)(3) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Securities)). 
(e)
Minimum/Maximum Rates  
If a Minimum Interest Rate is specified in the Pricing Document, 
then the Interest Rate shall in no event be less than it and if there 
is so specified a Maximum Interest Rate, then the Interest Rate 
shall in no event exceed it. If no Minimum Interest Rate is 
specified in the Pricing Document then the Minimum Interest Rate 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(f)
Determination of Interest Rate and Calculation of Interest 
Amounts  
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
Relevant Time on each Interest Determination Date, determine 
the Interest Rate and calculate the Interest Amounts for the 
relevant Interest Period. The amount of interest payable in 
respect of any Security for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Interest Rate and the Calculation 
Amount of such Security by the Day Count Fraction specified in 
the Pricing Document, unless an Interest Amount is specified in 
respect of such period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Security for such period will equal such 
Interest Amount. The determination of the Interest Rate and the 
calculation of the Interest Amounts by the Calculation Agent shall 
(in the absence of manifest error and subject as provided in the 
Agency Agreement) be final and binding upon all parties.  
If “Cessation of  Interest” is specified as “Applicable” in the Pricing 
Document, then where an Early Redemption Determination 
occurs, interest on the Securities shall cease to accrue with effect 
from the Interest Payment Date immediately preceding such 
Early Redemption Determination (or, if none, the Issue Date) and, 
accordingly, no further interest shall be calculated or paid in 
respect of the Securities in respect of the period after such 
Interest Payment Date (or, if applicable, the Issue Date) and any 
failure to pay such interest shall not constitute an Event of Default 
by the Issuer. 
(g)
Notification of Interest Rate and Interest Amounts  
The Calculation Agent will cause the Interest Rate and the 
Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, 
the Principal Paying Agent, and, in the case of Registered 
Securities, the Registrar, each of the Paying Agents and, for as 
long as the Securities are admitted to trading on a stock 
exchange and the rules of such stock exchange require, such

--- Page 184 ---
184 
stock exchange and to be notified to Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the first Relevant 
Business Day thereafter. The Interest Amounts and the Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate 
alternative 
arrangements 
made 
by 
way 
of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. If the Securities become due 
and payable under Condition 9 (Events of Default), the accrued 
interest and the Interest Rate in respect of the Securities shall 
nevertheless continue to be calculated and determined as 
previously in accordance with this Condition 6 (Interest) but no 
publication of the Interest Rate or the Interest Amount so 
determined and calculated need be made.  
(h)
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer will procure that, so long as any Security remains 
outstanding, there shall at all times be at least four Reference 
Banks with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and a 
Calculation Agent if provision is made for them in the Pricing 
Document. If any Reference Bank (acting through its relevant 
office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference 
Bank then the Issuer will appoint another Reference Bank with an 
office in the Relevant Financial Centre to act as such in its place. 
If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such, the 
Issuer will, with the prior written consent of the Trustee, appoint 
the London office of a leading bank engaged in the London 
interbank market to act as such in its place and its determination 
shall be final and binding on the parties. The Calculation Agent 
may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
(i)
Definitions  
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the 
following defined terms shall have the meaning set out below:  
"Applicable Period" means, 
(A) 
where "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified 
as the Observation Method in the Pricing Document, 
Interest Period; and 
(B) 
where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the Pricing Document, Observation Period;  
“Benchmark” means the benchmark specified as such in the 
Pricing Document.  
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in 
the Pricing Document, or if no such amount is so specified, the 
principal amount of any Note or Notional Amount of any 
Certificate (as applicable) as shown on the face thereof.  
"Calculation Business Day" means, (i) where the Benchmark 
specified in the Pricing Document is "SONIA", any day on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; and (ii) where the Benchmark specified in the Pricing 
Document is "SOFR", any day which is a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York

--- Page 185 ---
185 
and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are 
authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed.  
“Compounded Daily Reference Rate” means, with respect to 
an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment in the Specified Currency (with the applicable 
Benchmark (as indicated in the Pricing Document and further 
provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent as at the 
relevant Interest Determination Date as follows, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal 
place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + ݎ௜ି௣஻஽× ݊௜
ܦ
൰−
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
1቏× ܦ
݀
Where:  
“D” is the number specified in the Pricing Document;  
“d” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number 
of calendar days in such Applicable Period; 
“do” means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the 
number of Calculation Business Days in such Applicable 
Period;  
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of 
whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant Calculation Business Day in chronological order 
from, and including, the first Calculation Business Day in 
such Applicable Period; 
"ni", for any Calculation Business Day "i" in the Applicable 
Period, means the number of calendar days from, and 
including, such Calculation Business Day "i" up to but 
excluding the following Calculation Business Day; 
"p" means, for any Interest Period: 
(A) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the Pricing Document, the number of Calculation 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-
back Period specified in the Pricing Document (or, if 
no such number is specified five Calculation 
Business Days); 
(B) where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the Pricing Document, zero; 
(C) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method in the Pricing Document, the 
number of Calculation Business Days included in 
the Observation Look-back Period specified in the 
Pricing Document (or, if no such number is 
specified, five Calculation Business Days); 
"r" means, where the Benchmark is specified in the 
Pricing Document as "SONIA" or “SOFR” and: 
(A) either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Calculation 
Business Day, the SONIA or SOFR rate (as

--- Page 186 ---
186 
Applicable) in respect of such Calculation Business 
Day; 
(B) “Lock-out” is specified as the Observation Method: 
(i) in respect of any Calculation Business Day "i" that 
is a Reference Day, the SONIA or SOFR rate (as 
Applicable) in respect of the Calculation Business 
Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, 
and (ii) in respect of any Calculation Business Day 
"i" that is not a Reference Day (being a Calculation 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA or 
SOFR rate (as Applicable) in respect of the 
Calculation Business Day immediately preceding 
the last Reference Day of the relevant Interest 
Period (such last Reference Day coinciding with the 
Interest Determination Date); 
(C) "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Calculation Business Day, 
the SONIA or SOFR rate (as Applicable) in respect 
of such Calculation Business Day, provided 
however that, in the case of the last Interest Period, 
in respect of each Calculation Business Day in the 
period from (and including) the Rate Cut-off Date to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed 
for redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SONIA 
or SOFR rate (as Applicable) in respect of the Rate 
Cut-off Date; 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out 
in the definition of "r" above for, (i) where, in the relevant 
Final Terms, "Lag" is specified as the Observation 
Method, the Calculation Business Day (being a 
Calculation Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling "p" Calculation Business 
Days prior to the relevant Calculation Business Day "i" or, 
(ii) otherwise, the relevant Calculation Business Day "i"; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an 
amount of interest on any Security for any period of time (whether 
or not constituting an Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”):  
(i) 
if “Actual/365” or “Actual/Actual” is specified, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap 
year, the sum of (a) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (b) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365);  
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365;  
(iii) 
if “Actual/360” is specified, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360;  
(iv) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a

--- Page 187 ---
187 
month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case 
the month that includes that last day shall not be 
considered to be shortened to a 30-day month or (b) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the 
month of February, in which case the month of February 
shall not be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day 
month)); and  
(v) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 
(the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a 
year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard 
to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation 
Period unless, in the case of the final Calculation Period, 
the Maturity Date (as defined in Condition 7(a) (Final 
Redemption)) is the last day of the month of February, in 
which case the month of February shall not be 
considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month).  
“Interest Amount” means the amount of interest payable in 
respect of each Authorised Denomination for the relevant Interest 
Period.  
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such 
other date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement 
Date in the Pricing Document.  
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest 
Period, the date specified as the Interest Determination Date in 
the Pricing Document, or, if none is so specified, the day which, 
in the reasonable determination of the Calculation Agent, falls the 
number of days preceding the commencement of such Interest 
Period as is customary in respect of the relevant Benchmark.  
“Interest Payment Date” means the date or dates specified as 
the date(s) for the payment of interest in the Pricing Document 
and on the face of any definitive Security.  
“Interest Period” means the period beginning on (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
beginning on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date.  
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest payable from time to 
time in respect of a Security (subject to Condition 6(e) 
(Minimum/Maximum Rates)) and which is either specified in, or 
calculated in accordance with the provisions of, the Terms.  
“Interest Rate Multiplier” means the multiplying factor as 
specified in the Pricing Document as being applicable to the 
interest rate for a Security. 
“Issue Date” means, in the case of the issue of a Security or 
Securities of a Series, the date of issue of such Security or 
Securities as specified in the Pricing Document.  
"New York Federal Reserve's Website" means the website of 
the 
Federal 
Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
at 
http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York;

--- Page 188 ---
188 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of the relevant Interest 
Period, the period from, and including, the date falling "p" 
Calculation Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest 
Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the 
date which is "p" Calculation Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
Calculation Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Securities become due and payable); 
"Lock-out Period" means the period from, and including, the day 
following the Interest Determination Date to, but excluding, the 
corresponding Interest Payment Date; 
“Reference Banks” means the institutions specified as 
Reference Banks in the Pricing Document.  
"Reference Day" means each Calculation Business Day in the 
relevant Interest Period, other than any Calculation Business Day 
in the Lock-out Period; 
“Relevant Business Day” means, unless specified otherwise in 
the Pricing Document, a day on which commercial banks are 
open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the Relevant Financial Centre.  
“Relevant Financial Centre” means London (if the relevant 
Benchmark is LIBOR, LIMEAN or LIBID) or Brussels (if the 
relevant Benchmark is EURIBOR) or (in the case of Securities, 
the Interest Rate in respect of which is to be calculated by 
reference to some other Benchmark) the financial centre 
specified in the Pricing Document, or, if no such centre is so 
specified, the financial centre determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be appropriate to such Benchmark.  
“Relevant Rate” means:  
(i) 
an offered rate in the case of a Security the Benchmark 
for which relates to an offered rate; 
(ii) 
a bid rate in the case of a Security the Benchmark for 
which relates to a bid rate; and 
(iii) 
the mean of an offered and bid rate in the case of a 
Security the Benchmark for which relates to the mean of 
an offered and bid rate. 
“Relevant Time” means the local time in the Relevant Financial 
Centre at which the Calculation Agent determines that it is 
customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of euro-
currency deposits in the currency in question in the interbank 
market in that Relevant Financial Centre.  
"SOFR" means, in respect of any Calculation Business Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Secured Overnight Financing 
Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as 
the administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of 
such rate) on the New York Federal Reserve's Website, in each 
case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) (the "SOFR 
Determination Time") on the Calculation Business Day 
immediately following such Calculation Business Day; 
"SONIA" means, in respect of any Calculation Business Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average

--- Page 189 ---
189 
rate for such Calculation Business Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen 
Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors in each case on the Calculation Business Day 
immediately following such Calculation Business Day; 
“Spread” means the percentage rate per annum specified in the 
Pricing Document as being applicable to a Security.  
“Spread Multiplier” means the multiplying factor specified in the 
Pricing Document as being applicable to the spread for a 
Security. 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day 
except for a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the Securities 
Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor 
thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in 
U.S. government securities; and 
"Weighted Average Reference Rate" means: 
(A) 
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in 
the Pricing Document, the arithmetic mean of the 
Benchmark in effect for each calendar day during the 
relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying 
each relevant Benchmark by the number of calendar 
days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. For 
these purposes the Benchmark in effect for any calendar 
day which is not a Calculation Business Day shall be 
deemed to be the Benchmark in effect for the Calculation 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; 
and 
(B) 
where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the Pricing Document, the arithmetic mean of the 
Benchmark in effect for each calendar day during the 
relevant Interest Period, calculated by multiplying each 
relevant Benchmark by the number of calendar days 
such rate is in effect, determining the sum of such 
products and dividing such sum by the number of 
calendar days in the relevant Interest Period, provided 
however that for any calendar day of such Interest Period 
falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant Benchmark for 
each day during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to 
be the Benchmark in effect for the Reference Day 
immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out 
Period. For these purposes the Benchmark in effect for 
any calendar day which is not a Calculation Business Day 
shall, subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the 
Benchmark in effect for the Calculation Business Day 
immediately preceding such calendar day. 
7. 
Redemption, 
Purchase and 
Exchange 
(a)
Final redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as 
provided below, each Security will be redeemed at its Scheduled 
Redemption Amount (as defined in Condition 7(f) (Redemption

--- Page 190 ---
190 
Amount of Securities)) on the date specified as the Maturity Date 
in the Pricing Document (the “Maturity Date”). 
(b)
Mandatory Redemption 
Securityholders should be aware that Condition 7(b) (Mandatory 
Redemption) shall not apply to Participation Securities, unless 
otherwise specified in the Pricing Document. For Participation 
Securities, 
Securityholders 
should 
refer 
to 
Participation 
Securities Condition 4 (Early Redemption). 
If:  
(1) 
(a) the Charged Assets or amounts outstanding thereunder 
become due and repayable, or become capable of being declared 
due and repayable (with respect to rated Securities, unless the 
Trustee determines that they have not become so capable), prior 
to their stated date of maturity or other date or dates for their 
repayment or payment or (b) there is a payment default in respect 
of the Charged Assets (and references above to Charged Assets 
shall be construed as references to the Charged Assets whether 
or not delivered by the Transferor (as defined in Condition 4(g)(1)) 
to the Issuer prior to the occurrence of the relevant event 
described above); or  
(2) 
the Charged Assets comprise any agreement of the type 
contemplated in the definition herein of Charged Agreement and 
(a) such agreement is, or becomes capable of being, terminated 
by any party thereto, in each case whether or not by reason of an 
event of default (howsoever described) thereunder or (b) there is 
a payment default in respect of such agreement; or  
(3) 
the relevant Transferor (as defined in Condition 4(g)(1) 
Substitution of Cash Collateral for Charged Assets) does not 
deliver to the Issuer, or to the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer, 
all of the Charged Assets prior to 11.00 a.m. (London time) on the 
Delivery Cut-off Date (as defined in Condition 4(g)(3) Substitution 
of Cash Collateral for Charged Assets)); or 
(4) 
any of the following events (each a “Regulatory Event”) occur 
(i) 
at any time after the Issue Date there is, with respect to 
the Issuer or the Counterparty, an implementation or 
adoption of or change in any applicable law, regulation, 
or regulatory guidance (including, but not limited to, 
Dodd-Frank, AIFMD and EMIR), or the interpretation or 
administration thereof by any court, tribunal or regulatory 
authority with competent jurisdiction, or as a result of the 
public or private statement or action by, or response of, 
any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction or any official or representative of any such 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority acting in an official 
capacity, or the Counterparty or the Issuer reasonably 
anticipates the imminent implementation or adoption of or 
such a change in any such law, regulation or regulatory 
guidance, which adoption or change would have the 
effect of altering the compliance requirements and/or the 
previously anticipated regulatory treatment and/or the tax 
treatment in respect of the Securities and/or the Charged

--- Page 191 ---
191 
Agreement for the Counterparty or the Issuer, in a 
manner which: 
(A) 
materially increases the regulatory burden on 
the Counterparty and/or the Issuer whether in 
relation to the Securities and/or the Charged 
Agreement or generally; and/or 
(B) 
has 
a 
material 
adverse 
effect 
on 
the 
Counterparty and/or the Issuer, whether in 
relation to the Securities and/or the Charged 
Agreement or generally; and/or 
(C) 
materially increases the costs of the Issuer 
issuing or maintaining the Securities or of the 
Counterparty and/or the Issuer entering into or 
maintaining 
the 
Charged 
Agreement 
or 
generally; and/or 
(D) 
results, or would result, in the Counterparty 
and/or the Issuer being subject to any 
administrative or regulatory penalty or sanctions 
for any failure to comply with any clearing 
obligation or risk mitigation provisions; and/or 
(E) 
results, or would result, in the Charged 
Agreement being required to be maintained 
through a different legal entity than the Issuer; 
and/or 
(F) 
results, or would result, in the Counterparty 
and/or the Issuer becoming subject to a financial 
transaction tax or other similar tax in relation to 
the Securities and/or the Charged Agreement or 
generally, which would have a material adverse 
effect on the Counterparty and/or the Issuer; 
and/or 
(G) 
results, or would result, in it being unlawful, or in 
there being a reasonable likelihood of it being 
unlawful for (a) the Issuer to maintain the 
Securities or that the maintenance of the 
existence of the Securities would make it 
unlawful to maintain the existence of any other 
Securities issued by the Issuer or, (b) the Issuer 
to perform any duties in respect of the Securities 
(including, without limitation, any transactions 
necessary or advisable to hedge the Issuer’s risk 
in connection with the Securities); or 
(ii) 
at any time after the Issue Date, the Counterparty and/or 
the Issuer receives notification from any regulatory 
authority, or any regulatory authority makes an 
announcement or implements a change in law, regulation 
or regulatory guidance (including, but not limited to, 
Dodd-Frank, AIFMD and EMIR), the effect of which is that 
(a) the Counterparty is requested or reasonably believes 
that it is required to (i) desist from carrying out any activity 
contemplated by the Charged Agreement or (ii) take 
action that would result in the Counterparty being unable 
to carry out any activity contemplated by the Charged 
Agreement and/or (b) the Counterparty and/or the Issuer

--- Page 192 ---
192 
would be materially and adversely restricted in its ability 
to perform its obligations under the Charged Agreement; 
or 
(iii) 
at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer, the 
Counterparty, or any affiliate, director, officer or 
employee thereof would be an “AIFM” or an “AIF” for the 
purposes of AIFMD by virtue (wholly or partially) of its 
involvement with the Securities and/or the Charged 
Agreement; or 
(iv) 
at any time after the Issue Date, an EMIR Event occurs, 
in each case, as determined by the Counterparty acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, provided that if 
there is no Charged Agreement, such determination shall be 
made by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, where: 
“AIFMD” means Directive 2011/61/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers and any implementing legislation in 
an EU Member State and any technical guidelines and regulatory 
technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or 
official rules of procedures with respect thereto;  
“Dodd-Frank” means the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection Act and the adoption of any law, regulation 
or rule related thereto; 
“EMIR” means the Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European 
Parliament and the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC Derivatives, 
Central Counterparties and Trade Repositories and any technical 
guidelines 
and 
regulatory 
technical 
standards, 
further 
regulations, official guidance or official rules of procedures with 
respect thereto; 
“EMIR Event” means the Charged Agreement: 
(A) 
is required to be cleared through a central clearing 
counterparty (a “CCP”) and such requirement was not 
applicable as at the Issue Date; and/or 
(B) 
is not required to be cleared through a CCP but, as a 
consequence of being party to the Charged Agreement, 
the Issuer or the Counterparty becomes the subject of 
risk mitigation provisions or trade reporting obligations 
which result in increased costs or fees for either party 
including (without limitation) (x) the imposition on either 
party of capital charges requirements (howsoever 
defined) greater than the capital charges requirements (if 
any) applicable at the Issue Date (as certified by either 
party, as relevant) and/or (y) the requirement for either 
party to transfer collateral or any form of initial or variation 
margin in respect of the Charged Agreement in addition 
to that (if any) contemplated by the terms of the Charged 
Agreement on the Issue Date, 
in each case as a consequence of EMIR; or 
(5) 
the Securities are sold or otherwise transferred to any person in 
breach of: (i) any applicable restrictions on sale of securities; 
and/or (ii) any restrictions, rules and/or regulations which are 
applicable to the sale of securities to U.S. persons (as defined in

--- Page 193 ---
193 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended or as defined in the final risk retention rules 
promulgated under Section 15G of the United States Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) or to any person other than 
Non-United States Persons (as defined by the United States 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission) (in each case as 
determined by the Arranger in its sole and absolute discretion 
with regards or by reference to the facts and circumstances then 
existing) (such Securities the “Affected Securities”); or 
(6) 
any other event as may be specified as an “Additional 
Mandatory Redemption Event” in the Pricing Document has 
occurred, 
then the Securities, or in the case of Condition 7(b)(5) (Mandatory 
Redemption), the Affected Securities only, shall become due and 
repayable as provided by Condition 7(f) (Redemption Amount of 
Securities). The Issuer shall give notice to the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, and, in the case of Registered Securities 
the Registrar and the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 that the Securities or, in the case of Condition 
7(b)(5) (Mandatory Redemption), the Affected Securities only, 
are due and repayable at the amounts specified in Condition 7(f) 
(Redemption Amount of Securities) as soon as reasonably 
practicable after becoming aware of such event or circumstance. 
(c)
Redemption for taxation and other reasons  
Securityholders should be aware that Condition 7(c) 
(Redemption for taxation and other reasons) shall not apply 
to Participation Securities, unless otherwise specified in the 
Pricing Document. 
(A) 
Save as provided otherwise in this Condition 7(c)(A) (Redemption 
for taxation and other reasons), if:  
(1) 
the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment due in 
respect of the Securities, would be required by law to 
withhold or account for tax other than in respect of 
FATCA or, subject to Condition 7(c)(B) (Redemption for 
taxation and other reasons), would suffer tax in respect 
of its income in respect of the Charged Assets or receipt 
of payments under any Charged Agreement (including 
the deduction of tax from such payments) so that it would 
be unable to make payment of the full amount due (other 
than in circumstances which give rise to a Withholding 
Requirement 
entitling 
the 
Securityholders 
by 
Extraordinary Resolution to declare the Securities due 
and 
repayable 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
7(c)(B) 
(Redemption for taxation and other reasons) below), the 
Issuer shall so inform the Trustee and may elect (but is 
not obliged), at its discretion, to arrange the substitution 
of a company incorporated in another jurisdiction 
(approved in writing by the Trustee, the Counterparty (if 
any) and (if the Securities are rated, following notification 
by the Issuer to each Rating Agency of the identity of 
such company) by each Rating Agency confirming that 
the ratings of existing Series of Securities rated by such 
Rating Agency will not be adversely affected) as the 
principal debtor and if it is unable to arrange such

--- Page 194 ---
194 
substitution before the next payment is due in respect of 
the Securities; or 
(2) 
the Charged Agreement (if any) or any transaction 
thereunder is terminated other than on its scheduled 
maturity date (howsoever described) (in whole but not in 
part and other than in consequence of Condition 7(h) 
(Purchase), Condition 7(i) (Exchange of Series) or 
Condition 7(j) (Redemption by Instalments) or in 
connection with a redemption of Securities pursuant to 
Condition 7(b) (Mandatory Redemption), Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption for an Administrator/Benchmark Event), 
Condition 
7(g) 
(Redemption 
at 
the 
Option 
of 
Securityholders or the Issuer) or Condition 9 (Events of 
Default) or save where the Pricing Document provide 
otherwise) for any reason,  
then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice to the Trustee 
and the Securities shall become due and repayable as 
provided by Condition 7(f)(2) (Redemption Amount of 
Securities) (unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Pricing Document and the Constituting Instrument). The 
Issuer shall give notice to the Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that the 
Securities are due and repayable in accordance with 
Condition 7(f)(2) (Redemption Amount of Securities) 
(unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing 
Document and the Constituting Instrument) as soon as 
reasonably practicable after becoming aware of such 
event or circumstance. 
“FATCA” means: (A) sections 1471 to 1474 of the US Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 or any associated regulations; (B) any 
treaty, law or regulation of any other jurisdiction, or relating to an 
intergovernmental agreement between the US and any other 
jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates the implementation 
of any law or regulation referred to in paragraph (A) above; or (C) 
any agreement pursuant to the implementation of any treaty, law 
or regulation referred to in paragraphs (A) or (B) above with the 
US Internal Revenue Service, the US government or any 
governmental or taxation authority in any other jurisdiction. 
The Trustee (if so requested by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Securityholders) may at any time after the Issuer has 
informed the Trustee of any of the circumstances set out in this 
section (A) request that the Securities shall become due and 
payable as provided in Condition 7(f)(2) (Redemption Amount of 
Securities). The Securities shall so become due and payable 
upon such request having been made by the Trustee and the 
Issuer shall forthwith give notice to the Counterparty and the 
Securityholders (in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices)) of the 
same. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the taxes referred to in 
this Condition 7(c) (Redemption for taxation and other reasons) 
arises:  
(i) 
owing to the connection of any Securityholder or 
Receiptholder 
or 
Couponholder 
with 
the 
taxing 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated, any taxing 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is resident for tax purposes

--- Page 195 ---
195 
or other relevant taxing jurisdiction (including any 
jurisdiction in or through which payment is made or any 
jurisdiction which has a political, taxation or other relevant 
agreement, union or federation with the jurisdiction in or 
through which payment is made) otherwise than by 
reason only of the holding of any Security or Receipt or 
Coupon or receiving principal or interest in respect 
thereof; or  
(ii) 
by reason of the failure by the relevant Securityholder or 
Receiptholder or Couponholder to comply with any 
applicable procedures required to establish non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption from such 
tax,  
then, in relation to such taxes, provided that the Issuer is able to 
deduct amounts in respect of such taxes from the amounts 
payable 
to 
such 
Securityholder 
or 
Receiptholder 
or 
Couponholder: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall make such deductions, but this shall not 
affect the rights of the other Securityholders or 
Receiptholders or Couponholders (if any) hereunder; 
(ii)  
notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
7(c)(A) (Redemption for taxation and other reasons), the 
Issuer shall not be required by this Condition 7(c)(A) 
(Redemption for taxation and other reasons) to arrange 
the substitution of a company incorporated in another 
jurisdiction as the principal debtor, the Securities shall not 
become due and repayable pursuant to this Condition 
7(c)(A) (Redemption for taxation and other reasons) and 
the Trustee shall not be entitled to request that the 
Securities become due and payable pursuant to this 
Condition 7(c)(A) (Redemption for taxation and other 
reasons); and 
(iii) 
any such deduction shall not constitute an Event of 
Default under Condition 9 (Events of Default).  
(B) 
Provided always that the Pricing Document shall have expressly 
stated that this Condition 7(c)(B) (Redemption for taxation and 
other reasons) shall apply to the Series of Securities in question, 
if, as a result of the imposition of a Withholding Requirement (as 
defined below) the Issuer would receive any amount from the 
Counterparty under the Charged Agreement applicable to such 
Series net of a withholding or deduction for or on account of any 
taxes, the Securityholders may, by Extraordinary Resolution, 
elect that the Securities shall become due and repayable 
(whereupon they shall become due and repayable) in the same 
manner as provided by Condition 7(f)(1)(ii) (Redemption Amount 
of Securities) (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing 
Document). Unless and until, however, such an Extraordinary 
Resolution is passed by the Securityholders each payment of 
principal (or, as the case may be, Redemption Amounts) or 
interest (or, as the case may be, Coupon Amounts) payable to 
Securityholders (the “Securityholder Payments”) shall (unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Pricing Document) be reduced 
by a proportion which is equal to the proportion which the amount 
required to be withheld or deducted from the relevant payment 
payable to the Issuer under the Charged Agreement (the

--- Page 196 ---
196 
“Relevant Payment”), which is intended to provide the Issuer 
with sufficient funds to pay such Securityholder Payments, bears 
to the full amount of such Relevant Payment which would have 
been payable to the Issuer under the Charged Agreement in the 
absence of the relevant Withholding Requirement. Accordingly, 
unless and until an Extraordinary Resolution is passed by the 
Securityholders declaring the Securities due and repayable in 
accordance with this Condition 7(c)(B) (Redemption for taxation 
and other reasons), failure by the Issuer to make the full amount 
of the Securityholder Payments because of such reduction 
aforesaid shall not constitute an Event of Default for the purposes 
of Condition 9 (Events of Default). The Issuer shall promptly notify 
the Trustee of any Withholding Requirement (or substantial 
likelihood thereof) which would be imposed on any amount 
payable to it under the Charged Agreement and shall promptly 
give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices)  together with details of the amount of such 
withholding or deduction, the date on which it is first applicable 
and the proportion by which each Securityholder Payment will be 
reduced in consequence thereof in accordance with this 
Condition.  
As used herein, “Withholding Requirement” means a 
requirement to make a withholding or deduction for or on account 
of any Taxes (as defined in the Charged Agreement) due to any 
action taken by a taxing authority or taken or brought in a court of 
competent jurisdiction, on or after the Issue Date (regardless of 
whether such action is taken or brought with respect to a party to 
the Charged Agreement) or a Change in Tax Law (as defined in 
the Charged Agreement).  
(d)
Redemption for an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
Securityholders should be aware that Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption for an Administrator/Benchmark Event) shall 
not apply to Participation Securities, unless otherwise 
specified in the Pricing Document. 
(1) 
In the event that an Administrator/Benchmark Event occurs, the 
Issuer may (at its option): 
(A) 
instruct the Calculation Agent to: 
(i) 
make such adjustments to the Conditions of the 
Securities, the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement 
as it may, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determine to be necessary or 
appropriate to account for the relevant event or 
circumstance (and in the absence of manifest error, such 
adjustments shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Securityholders and all other parties). The Trustee and 
Agents shall be bound to concur with any amendments 
referred to in this Condition 7(d)(1)(A)(i), provided that (i) 
they have received a certificate, on which they can rely 
without liability, from the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
stating that such amendments comply with the 
requirements of above, (ii) in the opinion of the Trustee 
and the Agents (as applicable) such amendments do not 
impose any additional obligations on the Trustee or the 
Agents (as applicable), expose the Trustee or the Agents 
(as applicable) to any liability or reduce the rights, powers

--- Page 197 ---
197 
and/or protections of the Trustee or the Agents (as 
applicable), and (iii) provided that the Trustee and the 
Agents have been indemnified and/or secured and/or 
pre-funded to their satisfaction; and 
(ii) 
send a notification to the Securityholders affected by the 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, the Trustee, the Agents 
and, for as long as the Securities are listed on a stock 
exchange, such stock exchange, giving notice of the 
occurrence of the relevant Administrator/Benchmark 
Event and providing details of the adjustments to be 
made to the Conditions of the Securities the Trust Deed 
and/or the Agency Agreement pursuant to Condition 
7(d)(1)(A)(i) 
(Redemption 
for 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) above (including the 
effective date of such adjustments); or 
(B) 
having given not less than 10 (ten) nor more than 30 (thirty) 
calendar days' notice to Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), the Counterparty, the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and, for as long as the 
Securities are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such 
stock exchange so require, such stock exchange (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), on expiry of such notice redeem all, but not 
some only, of the Securities on the Early Redemption Date (the 
“Early Redemption Date”) specified in such notice at the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
7(f)(2) (Redemption Amount of Securities) or such other amount 
as may be specified in the applicable Pricing Document. 
(2) 
The Issuer may (at its option) (i) appoint a replacement 
Calculation Agent to make the relevant determination  or (ii) 
determine to redeem all, but not some only, of the Securities in 
accordance with Condition 7(d)(1)(B) (Redemption for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) above.  
(3) 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions of this Condition 7(d) 
and the rights of the Issuer hereunder are additional, and without 
prejudice, to any other terms of the Securities, including, without 
limitation, the provisions of Condition 6(c) (Interest Rate on 
Floating Rate Securities). In the event under any such terms any 
other consequences could apply in relation to an event or 
occurrence the subject of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, the 
Issuer may (at its option) select which terms shall apply. 
(4)  
For the purposes of this Condition 7(d) (Redemption for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event): 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in relation to any 
Regulated Benchmark, the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval Event, a 
Rejection Event, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event, (unless 
specified as being not applicable in the Pricing Document) a Pre-
Cessation Event or, in each case if specified as being applicable 
in the Pricing Document, a Pre-Cessation (Prohibition of Use) 
Event, a Pre-Cessation (Non-Representative Benchmark) Event
or a Pre-Cessation (Illegality) Event.  
“Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event” means, in 
respect of the Regulated Benchmark: 
(a)  
any material change in such Regulated Benchmark; or

--- Page 198 ---
198 
(b)  
the permanent cancellation or cessation in the provision 
of such Regulated Benchmark. 
“BMR” means the EU Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011). 
“Non-Approval Event” means, in respect of the Regulated 
Benchmark: 
(a)  
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence or approval in respect of the Regulated 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Regulated 
Benchmark is not obtained; 
(b)  
the Regulated Benchmark or the administrator of the 
Regulated Benchmark is not included in an official 
register; or 
(c)  
the Regulated Benchmark or the administrator of the 
Regulated Benchmark does not fulfil any legal or 
regulatory requirement applicable to the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or the Regulated Benchmark,  
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation 
in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other 
entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Securities. For 
the avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not occur if 
the Regulated Benchmark or the administrator of the Regulated 
Benchmark is not included in an official register because its 
authorisation, 
registration, 
recognition, 
endorsement, 
equivalence or approval is suspended if, at the time of such 
suspension, the continued provision and use of the Regulated 
Benchmark is permitted in respect of the Securities under the 
applicable law or regulation during the period of such suspension. 
“Regulated Benchmark” means any figure which is a 
benchmark as defined in BMR (and for the avoidance of doubt, 
irrespective of whether the relevant Securities are financial 
instruments as defined in BMR) and where any amount payable 
under the Securities, or the value of the Securities, is determined 
by reference to such figure, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
“Pre-Cessation Event” means:  
(a)  
a public statement by the administrator of the Regulated 
Benchmark that (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been or will be appointed that will 
continue publication of such Regulated Benchmark) it 
has ceased publishing such Regulated Benchmark 
permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or 
(b)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the relevant Regulated Benchmark that such 
Regulated Benchmark has been or will, by a specified 
future 
date 
(the 
"Specified 
Future 
Date"), 
be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued, 
provided that, in each case, Pre-Cessation Postponement shall 
apply unless specified otherwise in the Pricing Document.  
“Pre-Cessation (Illegality) Event” means it has or will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, become unlawful

--- Page 199 ---
199 
for the Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Securityholder using the relevant 
Regulated Benchmark (including, without limitation, under the 
BMR, if applicable).  
“Pre-Cessation (Non-Representative Benchmark) Event” 
means a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the relevant Regulated Benchmark that, in the view of such 
supervisor, such Regulated Benchmark is or will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be no longer 
representative of an underlying market or the methodology to 
calculate such Regulated Benchmark has materially changed, 
provided that Pre-Cessation Postponement shall apply unless 
specified otherwise in the Pricing Document. 
“Pre-Cessation (Prohibition of Use) Event” means a public 
statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Regulated Benchmark as a consequence of which the Regulated 
Benchmark will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be prohibited from being used, or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally, 
or in respect of the Securities , provided that Pre-Cessation 
Postponement shall apply unless specified otherwise in the 
Pricing Document.  
“Pre-Cessation Postponement” means, in relation to any Pre-
Cessation Event, a Pre-Cessation (Prohibition of Use) Event, a 
Pre-Cessation (Non-Representative Benchmark) Event or a Pre-
Cessation (Illegality) Event, where the Specified Future Date in 
the relevant public statement is more than six months after the 
date of that public statement, the Pre-Cessation Event shall not 
be deemed to occur until the date falling six months prior to such 
Specified Future Date. 
“Rejection Event” means, in respect of the Regulated 
Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body rejects or refuses any application for authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence, approval or 
inclusion in any official register which, in each case, is required in 
relation to the Regulated Benchmark or the administrator of the 
Regulated Benchmark under any applicable law or regulation for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Securities. 
“Suspension/Withdrawal Event” means, in respect of the 
Regulated Benchmark: 
(a)  
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official 
body 
suspends 
or 
withdraws 
any 
authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to the Regulated 
Benchmark or the administrator of the Regulated 
Benchmark which is required under any applicable law or 
regulation in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Securities; or 
(b)  
the Regulated Benchmark or the administrator of the 
Regulated Benchmark is removed from any official 
register where inclusion in such register is required under 
any applicable law in order for any of the Issuer, the

--- Page 200 ---
200 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall 
not occur if such authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is suspended or 
where inclusion in any official register is withdrawn if, at the time 
of such suspension or withdrawal, the continued provision and 
use of the Regulated Benchmark is permitted in respect of the 
Securities under the applicable law or regulation during the period 
of such suspension or withdrawal. 
(e)
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Securities  
The provisions of this Condition 7(e) (Early Redemption of Zero 
Coupon Securities) shall apply to any Security in respect of which 
the Amortisation Yield and Day Count Fraction are specified in 
the Pricing Document or in an Amortisation Schedule set out in 
the Pricing Document.  If any Zero Coupon Securities are to be 
redeemed 
pursuant 
to 
Condition 
7(b)(5) 
(Mandatory 
Redemption), the provisions of Condition 7(f) (Redemption 
Amount of Securities) insofar as they concern redemption of 
Affected Securities shall apply. 
(1) 
The amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Security 
upon redemption of such Security pursuant to Condition 7(b) 
(Mandatory 
Redemption) 
(other 
than 
Condition 
7(b)(5) 
(Mandatory Redemption)), Condition 7(c) (Redemption for 
taxation and other reasons), Condition 7(d) (Redemption for an 
Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) 
(Redemption 
for 
an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) or, if applicable, Condition 7(g) 
or upon its becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
(Events of Default) shall be the Amortised Face Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Security. References in 
these Conditions to “principal” or “Redemption Amount” in the 
case of Zero Coupon Securities shall be deemed to include 
references to “Amortised Face Amount” where the context 
permits.  
(2) 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 7(e)(3) (Early Redemption 
of Zero Coupon Securities) below, the Amortised Face Amount of 
any Zero Coupon Security shall be the Scheduled Redemption 
Amount (as defined in Condition 7(f)(1) below (Redemption 
Amount of Securities)) of such Security on the Maturity Date 
discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the relevant Amortisation Yield specified in the Pricing 
Document (or in the Amortisation Schedule set out in the Pricing 
Document) compounded annually. Where such calculation is 
made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the Pricing 
Document.  
(3) 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Security 
upon redemption of such Security pursuant to Condition 7(b) 
(Mandatory 
Redemption) 
(other 
than 
Condition 
7(b)(5) 
(Mandatory Redemption)), Condition 7(c) (Redemption for 
taxation and other reasons), Condition 7(d) (Redemption for an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event) or, if applicable, Condition 7(g) 
(Redemption at the Option of Securityholders or the Issuer) or 
upon its becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 
(Events of Default) is not paid when due, the amount due and

--- Page 201 ---
201 
payable in respect of such Security shall be the Amortised Face 
Amount of such Security as calculated in accordance with 
Condition 7(e)(2) (Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Securities), 
except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the 
reference therein to the Maturity Date were replaced by a 
reference to the date (the “Relevant Date”) which is the earlier 
of:  
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of the 
Security have been paid; and  
(B) 
the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable 
has been received by the Trustee or the Principal Paying 
Agent, in the case of Bearer Securities, or the Registrar, 
in the case of Registered Securities, and notice to that 
effect has been given to holders in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 14 (Notices).  
The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount will 
continue to be made (as well after as before judgment) 
until the Relevant Date unless the Relevant Date falls on 
or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due 
and payable shall be the principal amount of such 
Security together with any interest which may accrue in 
accordance with Condition 6(d) (Interest Rate on Zero 
Coupon Securities).  
(f)
Redemption Amount of Securities  
(1) 
The amount payable upon redemption of each Security on the 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 7(a) (the “Scheduled 
Redemption Amount”) shall be specified in the applicable 
Pricing Document and may be any of:  
(i) 
if specified that Condition 7(f)(1)(i) (Redemption Amount 
of Securities) applies, the outstanding principal amount 
specified in the Pricing Document; or  
(ii) 
if specified that Condition 7(f)(1)(ii) (Redemption Amount 
of Securities) applies, an amount equal to the market 
value of the Charged Assets (as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in the manner and on the date 
specified in the applicable Pricing Document) plus or 
minus any termination payment payable to or by the 
Issuer from or to the Counterparty on the termination of 
the Charged Agreement (if any). Unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Pricing Document, in the event 
that the Calculation Agent determines, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that by 
the date falling 180 days after the relevant calculation 
date specified in the relevant Pricing Document it has not 
been able to calculate the market value of the Charged 
Assets in accordance with the provisions set out in the 
relevant Pricing Document, the market value of the 
Charged Assets shall be deemed to be zero and the 
amount payable by the Issuer to the Securityholders in 
accordance with this Condition 7(f)(1)(ii) (Redemption 
Amount of Securities) shall also be deemed to be zero; 
or  
(iii) 
if neither Condition 7(f)(1)(i) or (ii) (Redemption Amount 
of Securities) is specified as applicable, the amount

--- Page 202 ---
202 
specified or calculated on the basis specified in the 
Pricing Document.  
In respect of each Security, if the aggregate of the 
Scheduled Redemption Amount of such Security, 
together with any other amounts paid in respect of such 
Security, exceeds the Authorised Denomination (or, in 
the case of Certificates, the Notional Amount) of such 
Security, any such excess shall constitute a payment of 
interest in respect of such Security. 
(2) 
Subject as provided by Condition 7(e) (Early Redemption of Zero 
Coupon Securities) and unless the Pricing Document provide 
otherwise, the amount payable upon redemption of each Security 
pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Mandatory Redemption) (other than 
pursuant to Condition 7(b)(5) (Mandatory Redemption)), 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption for taxation and other reasons), 
Condition 7(d) (Redemption for an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event) or, if applicable, Condition 7(g) (Redemption at the Option 
of Securityholders or the Issuer) or upon its becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be 
the lesser of (i) the outstanding principal amount of such Security 
plus any accrued but unpaid interest thereon and (ii) the amount 
available by applying the portion available to the Securityholders 
pursuant to Condition 4(d) (or as it may be amended or replaced 
by a Product Annex as specified in the Pricing Document or by 
the Constituting Instrument) of the net proceeds of enforcement 
of the security in accordance with Condition 4 pari passu and 
rateably to the Securities (such amount being the “Early 
Redemption Amount” and the term “Redemption Amount” 
includes the Early Redemption Amount, the Scheduled 
Redemption Amount and any Optional Redemption Amount, as 
defined in Condition 7(g) (Redemption at the Option of 
Securityholders or the Issuer)).  The Early Redemption Amount 
payable upon redemption of each Affected Security pursuant to 
Condition 7(b)(5) (Mandatory Redemption) shall, unless the 
Pricing Document provide otherwise, be an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, and apportioned pro rata 
amongst all the Affected Securities, equal to the net proceeds of 
sale of a portion of the Charged Assets corresponding to the 
proportion that the Affected Securities bear to the outstanding 
principal amount of the Securities plus any termination amount 
payable to the Issuer by the Counterparty, or, as the case may 
be, minus any termination amount payable by the Issuer to the 
Counterparty, in each case on the termination (or, as the case 
may be, partial termination) of the Charged Agreement (if any). 
In calculating such net proceeds of sale, the Issuer (or any agent 
duly appointed on its behalf) shall use all reasonable efforts to 
sell the Charged Assets at its best execution price, but, subject 
as aforesaid, shall not be liable for the price obtained by it, nor 
shall the Issuer or the Calculation Agent be required to delay any 
sale of the Charged Assets in anticipation that a better price might 
be obtained. The Custodian shall deliver any Charged Assets 
sold by or on behalf of the Issuer as aforesaid in accordance with 
the instructions given by or on behalf of the Issuer and shall be 
entitled to rely absolutely without enquiry on such instructions and 
shall not be liable for so doing, other than in the case of gross 
negligence, fraud or wilful default. The Issuer shall procure the

--- Page 203 ---
203 
proceeds of sale of such Charged Assets to be created, after 
deduction of any costs incurred by it in relation to such sale, to 
the relevant account of the Custodian held on behalf of the Issuer. 
No interest shall be payable in addition to the Early Redemption 
Amount except interest which was due and payable prior to such 
determination by the Trustee. Redemption of the Securities at 
their Early Redemption Amount shall not constitute an Event of 
Default under Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
In respect of each Security, if the aggregate of the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Security, together with any other 
amounts paid in respect of such Security, exceeds the Authorised 
Denomination (or, in the case of Certificates, the Notional 
Amount) of such Security, any such excess shall constitute a 
payment of interest in respect of such Security. 
(3) 
Unless the Pricing Document provide otherwise, upon the date 
on which the Issuer determines that the Securities are or will 
become due and repayable pursuant to Condition 7(b) 
(Mandatory Redemption) or Condition 7(c) (Redemption for 
taxation and other reasons), save as otherwise provided below, 
the security constituted by the relevant Constituting Instrument 
shall become enforceable and the provisions of Condition 4(a), 
Condition 4(c) and Condition 4(d) shall thereafter apply. Upon 
receipt of the proceeds (if any) of realisation of the Mortgaged 
Property following such enforcement, the Issuer shall give notice 
to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
of the date on which each Security shall be redeemed at its 
Redemption Amount.  This Condition 7(f)(3) (Redemption 
Amount of Securities) shall not apply to redemption of Affected 
Securities pursuant to Condition 7(b)(5) (Mandatory Redemption) 
unless there is a breach of Condition 7(b)(5) (Mandatory 
Redemption) in which case this Condition 7(f)(3) (Redemption 
Amount of Securities) shall apply mutatis mutandis. 
(4) 
The Pricing Document shall specify the name of the Calculation 
Agent appointed to determine the Redemption Amount, where 
appropriate. The Issuer will procure that, so long as any Security 
remains outstanding, there shall at all times be a Calculation 
Agent if provision is made for the same in the Pricing Document. 
The Calculation Agent will, subject to and in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement, on such date as the Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any Redemption Amount, if required to 
be calculated, cause such Redemption Amount to be notified to 
the Trustee, Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of Registered 
Securities, the Registrar, and each of the Paying Agents and to 
be notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) as soon as possible after its calculation but in no event 
later than the first Relevant Business Day thereafter. The 
calculation of the Redemption Amount, if required to be 
calculated, shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties.  
If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such, the 
Issuer will, with the prior written consent of the Trustee, appoint 
the London office of a leading bank engaged in the London 
interbank market to act as such in its place. The Calculation 
Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid.

--- Page 204 ---
204 
(5) 
If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the Pricing Document, then such 
Redemption Amount shall in no event exceed the maximum or, 
subject as provided in Condition 7(f)(2) (Redemption Amount of 
Securities) and Condition 10, be less than the minimum so 
specified.  
(6) 
The Issuer may, if so specified in the applicable Constituting 
Instrument that Condition 7(f)(6) (Redemption Amount of 
Securities) applies, elect to satisfy its obligations to the 
Securityholders to pay the Redemption Amount in respect of each 
Security by delivery to the relevant Securityholder of the 
Attributable Charged Assets (as defined below).  
In such case, the Issuer will procure that the Custodian will, 
subject to receipt by it of any termination payment payable to or 
by the Issuer from or to the Counterparty on termination of the 
Charged Agreement (if any), subject to the terms and conditions 
of the Charged Assets and to all applicable laws, regulations and 
directives, deliver or shall procure that the Attributable Charged 
Assets are delivered to each relevant Securityholder (free and 
clear of all charges, liens and other encumbrances but together 
with the benefit of all rights and entitlements attaching thereto at 
any time after the date of delivery) on the date specified in the 
applicable Constituting Instrument (the “Delivery Date”).  
In order to receive delivery of the relevant amount of Attributable 
Charged Assets, each Securityholder shall, on or prior to the 
Delivery Date, supply to the Custodian such evidence of the 
aggregate principal amount of the Securities held by such 
Securityholder as the Custodian may require. The following shall 
constitute evidence satisfactory to the Custodian:  
(i) 
if the Securities are in definitive form, all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining to such Security(s), (or an 
indemnity from each Securityholder in respect of any 
unmatured Coupons not so surrendered as the Issuer 
may require); or  
(ii) 
in the case of Securities in global form, a certificate or 
other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the Alternative Clearing System as to the 
principal amount of the Securities standing to the credit 
of the account of the Securityholder in question and 
confirming that such Securityholder has undertaken to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the Alternative 
Clearing System expressly for the benefit of the Issuer 
that it will not sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of its 
Securities (or any of them) or any interest therein at any 
time on or prior to the Delivery Date, 
together with, in either case, confirmation from the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Paying Agent or the Registrar (as relevant) 
that the Securityholder has surrendered to it the relevant 
Securities.  
On receipt of such evidence by the Custodian, the relevant 
amount of Attributable Charged Assets shall be delivered to such 
Securityholder or to such account with Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the Alternative Clearing System as will be 
specified in the delivery instructions given in the manner set out 
below. Any stamp duty or other tax payable in respect of the

--- Page 205 ---
205 
transfer of such Attributable Charged Assets shall be the 
responsibility of, and payable by, the relevant Securityholder.  
A holder of Securities in definitive form, at the same time as 
surrendering such Securities together with, if applicable, all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto, to the Principal Paying 
Agent, or Registrar, shall specify to the Principal Paying Agent or 
Registrar its instructions concerning the delivery to it, or any 
nominee of it, of the relevant amount of Attributable Charged 
Assets to which it is entitled and the Principal Paying Agent or 
Registrar shall forthwith notify the Custodian and the 
Counterparty of such instructions.  
A holder of Securities in global form shall notify the Custodian of 
its instructions concerning the delivery to it, or any nominee of it, 
of the relevant amount of Attributable Charged Assets to which it 
is entitled, which instructions will, for the avoidance of doubt, be 
included in any notice given to the Custodian by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg in accordance with the provisions 
above and the Custodian shall forthwith notify the Counterparty 
of such instructions.  
As used herein “Attributable Charged Assets” shall be the 
proportion of Charged Assets as equals the proportion (rounded 
to the nearest whole number) which each Securityholder’s 
holding of Securities bears to the total principal amount 
outstanding of the Securities as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in the manner and on the date specified in the applicable 
Pricing Document. If the amount of Attributable Charged Assets 
to be delivered to a Securityholder is not divisible by the minimum 
denomination of such Charged Assets, the amount of Attributable 
Charged Assets to be delivered to such Securityholder shall be 
rounded down to the nearest whole multiple of such minimum 
denomination.  
(g)
Redemption at the Option of Securityholders or the Issuer  
(1) 
If “Investor Put” is stated to be applicable in the Pricing 
Document, a holder of any Security may, on giving not more than 
30 nor less than 15 Business Days (unless otherwise provided in 
the Pricing Document) to the Issuer, require the Issuer to, subject 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, 
redeem such Security on the Optional Put Redemption Date 
specified in the Pricing Document at its Early Redemption 
Amount in accordance with Condition 7(f)(2) (Redemption 
Amount of Securities) or such other amount as may be specified 
in the Pricing Document, or the amount calculated on the basis 
specified in the Pricing Document (as the case may be) as being 
the applicable Redemption Amount or the applicable basis of 
determining the Redemption Amount pursuant to this Condition 
7(g)(1) (Redemption at the Option of Securityholders or the 
Issuer) (such amount being the “Optional Redemption 
Amount”), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed 
for redemption.  
To exercise such option the holder must deposit the relevant 
Security with any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered 
Securities) at their respective specified offices, together with a 
duly completed notice of redemption (“Redemption Notice”) in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer

--- Page 206 ---
206 
Securities) or from the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the 
case of Registered Securities) not more than 30 nor less than 15 
Business Days (unless otherwise provided in the Pricing 
Document) prior to the relevant date for redemption and provided 
that, in the case of any Security represented by a Global Security 
or a Global Registered Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an 
Alternative Clearing System, the Securityholder must deliver 
such Redemption Notice together with an authority to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the relevant Alternative Clearing 
System (in each case, as appropriate) to debit such 
Securityholder’s account accordingly and provided that, in the 
case of any Security represented by a Global Registered 
Certificate registered in the name of any other person, the 
Securityholder must deliver such Redemption Notice together 
with an instruction to such person to amend its records 
accordingly (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in nominal amount, at their discretion). No Security (or authority) 
so deposited may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Constituting Instrument) without the prior written consent of the 
Issuer.  
(2) 
If “Issuer Call” is stated to be applicable in the Pricing Document, 
the Issuer may, on giving not more than 60 nor less than 30 
calendar days’ notice (unless otherwise provided in the Pricing 
Document) to the Trustee and the Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), and subject to compliance with all 
relevant laws, regulations and directives, at the option of the 
Issuer, redeem all or some of the Securities in the manner and on 
the Optional Call Redemption Date specified in the Pricing 
Document at their Early Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Condition 7(f)(2) (Redemption Amount of Securities) or such other 
amount as may be specified in the Pricing Document, or the 
amount calculated on the basis specified in the Pricing Document 
(as the case may be) as being the applicable Redemption Amount 
or the applicable basis of determining the Redemption Amount 
pursuant to this Condition 7(g)(2) (Redemption at the Option of 
Securityholders or the Issuer) (such amount being the “Optional 
Redemption Amount”), together with interest accrued (if any) to 
the date fixed for redemption. 
In respect of each Security, if the aggregate of the Optional 
Redemption Amount of such Security, together with any other 
amounts paid in respect of such Security, exceeds the Authorised 
Denomination (or, in the case of Certificates, the Notional 
Amount) of such Security, any such excess shall constitute a 
payment of interest in respect of such Security. 
Notice given by the Issuer to redeem Security(ies) pursuant to 
this 
Condition 
7(g)(2) 
(Redemption 
at 
the 
Option 
of 
Securityholders or the Issuer) may not be withdrawn and the 
Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Security(ies) in accordance 
with the notice, this Condition 7(g)(2) (Redemption at the Option 
of Securityholders or the Issuer),the Pricing Document and the 
Constituting Instrument.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Securities (if permitted as 
specified in the Constituting Instrument):

--- Page 207 ---
207 
(A) 
when the Securities are in definitive form, if a partial 
redemption is specified in the Pricing Document to be 
effected by selection of whole Securities, the Securities 
to be redeemed will be selected in the manner indicated 
in the Pricing Document and notice of the Securities 
called for redemption will be published in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 calendar 
days prior to the date fixed for redemption, or, if a partial 
redemption of Securities is specified in the Pricing 
Document to be effected by pro rata payment, a portion 
of each Security shall be redeemed in an amount equal 
to the amount of funds for redemption then available 
divided by the number of Securities then outstanding; 
and  
(B) 
when the Securities are represented by a Global 
Security or a Global Registered Certificate, if a partial 
redemption is specified in the Pricing Document to be 
effected by selection of whole Securities, the Securities 
to be redeemed will be selected in accordance with the 
rules of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in 
nominal amount, at their discretion) or the relevant 
Alternative Clearing System (in each case, as 
appropriate) or (in any case where a Global Registered 
Certificate is registered in the name of a person other 
than a nominee for Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System) in 
accordance with the rules and procedures established 
from time to time by such person or, if a partial 
redemption of Securities is specified in the Constituting 
Instrument to be effected by pro rata payment, a portion 
of each Security shall be redeemed in an amount equal 
to the amount of funds or value of Charged Assets for 
redemption, as applicable, then available divided by the 
number of Securities then outstanding which are 
represented by such Global Security or Global 
Registered Certificate.  
(h)
Purchase  
Unless otherwise provided in the Pricing Document, and subject 
to receipt by the Issuer of an amount (whether by sale of the 
Charged Assets (or in the case of a purchase of some only of the 
Securities, a proportion of the Charged Assets corresponding to 
the proportion of the Securities to be purchased) or otherwise) 
which, plus or minus any termination payment payable to or by 
the Issuer from or to the Counterparty on the termination (or as 
the case may be partial termination) of the Charged Agreement, 
is or will be sufficient to fund the purchase price payable by the 
Issuer provided that on such purchase, the Charged Agreement 
(or a proportionate part thereof which corresponds to the 
Securities to be purchased) will terminate, the Issuer may 
purchase Securities (provided that all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and unexchanged Talons appertaining thereto are 
attached or surrendered therewith) in the open market or 
otherwise at any price.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
No interest will be payable with respect to a Security to be 
purchased pursuant to this Condition 7(h) in respect of the period 
from the Issue Date or the previous date for the payment of 
interest on the Security, as the case may be, to the date of such 
purchase.  
If not all the Securities represented by a Registered Certificate 
are to be purchased, the Registrar shall forthwith upon the written 
request of the Securityholder concerned issue a new Registered 
Certificate in respect of the Securities which are not to be 
purchased and dispatch such Registered Certificate to the 
Securityholder (at the risk of the Securityholder and to such 
address as the Securityholder may specify in such request).  
(i)
Exchange of Series  
If this Condition 7(i) is stated by the Pricing Document to be 
applicable, the Trustee may from time to time upon the election 
of all Securityholders of a Series, with the consent of the 
Counterparty (if any), and subject to and in accordance with the 
provisions of the Constituting Instrument request the Issuer to 
issue a further Series of Securities (the “New Series”) in 
exchange for that existing Series of Securities (the “Existing 
Series”) on such terms as may be specified in the Constituting 
Instrument or specified or approved by all holders of such Existing 
Series. Any Charged Agreement in respect of such Existing 
Series so exchanged will be terminated and the security for the 
New Series will be that constituted by the Constituting Instrument 
in relation to the Existing Series (other than a security interest in 
respect of any Charged Agreement so terminated) (except that 
the security for the New Series may be postponed in point of 
priority to any other security over the assets securing the Existing 
Series which may have attached to such assets since the creation 
of the security for the Existing Series) and, if appropriate, over a 
further Charged Agreement to be entered into in connection with 
the New Series, all in accordance with the terms of the 
Constituting Instrument and as previously approved in writing by 
the Trustee provided that if the Existing Series is rated by a Rating 
Agency, it may only be exchanged for a New Series if such Rating 
Agency shall have confirmed that it will assign the New Series the 
same rating as the Existing Series (unless such Rating Agency 
shall have waived such requirement or its rules at the date of such 
exchange do not so require such similar rating).  
If the Existing Series is admitted to trading on a stock exchange 
and if it is intended for the New Series to be admitted to trading 
on such stock exchange, the Issuer shall notify such stock 
exchange and produce such Pricing Document and produce such 
information as the rules of such stock exchange may require in 
connection therewith.  
(j)
Redemption by Instalments  
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as 
provided in this Condition 7, each Security which provides for 
“Instalment Dates” and “Instalment Amounts” will be partially 
redeemed on each Instalment Date at the specified Instalment 
Amount, whereupon the outstanding principal amount of such 
Security and its Redemption Amount (unless specified otherwise 
in the Pricing Document) shall be reduced for all purposes by the 
Instalment Amount. If the Pricing Document requires the

--- Page 209 ---
209 
Instalment Amounts to be calculated, it will specify the Calculation 
Agent appointed to calculate such Instalment Amounts and the 
provisions of Condition 7(f) (Redemption Amount of Securities) in 
relation to the calculation of Redemption Amounts shall apply 
mutatis mutandis in relation to the calculation of Instalment 
Amounts.  
(k)
Cancellation  
All Securities of any Series which are redeemed (together, in the 
case of Bearer Securities, with such unmatured Receipts, 
Coupons and Talons as are attached thereto or are surrendered 
therewith at the time of such redemption) and all Receipts and 
Coupons which are paid and Talons which are exchanged shall, 
unless otherwise permitted by these terms and conditions or the 
Constituting Instrument, be cancelled forthwith by the Paying 
Agent or the Registrar or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, by 
or through which they are redeemed or paid. Each Paying Agent 
shall give all relevant details and forward cancelled Securities, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons to the Principal Paying Agent or 
its designated agent. All Securities which are purchased by the 
Issuer pursuant to Condition 7(h) (together, in the case of Bearer 
Securities, with such unmatured Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
as are attached thereto or are surrendered therewith at the time 
of such purchase) and all Receipts and Coupons which are paid 
and Talons which are exchanged shall, unless otherwise 
permitted by the Conditions, be delivered to, and cancelled 
forthwith by, the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar or 
Transfer Agent, as the case may be.  
Each Transfer Agent shall give all relevant details and forward 
cancelled Securities to the Registrar or its designated agent. 
8. 
Payments 
(a)
Bearer Securities 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Securities 
(other than Dual Currency Securities) will, subject as mentioned 
below, be made against presentation and surrender of the 
relevant Receipts (in the case of payment of Instalment Amounts 
other than payment of the last Instalment Amount and provided 
that each Receipt is presented for payment together with its 
relative Security), Securities (in the case of all other payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
8(e)(5)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 8(e)(5)) at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States by transfer to an account denominated 
in the currency in which such payment is due, or (in the case of 
Securities in definitive form) a cheque payable in that currency 
drawn on a bank in the principal financial centre of that currency 
(or, in the case of Securities denominated in euro, such financial 
centre in a participating Member State as the Issuer may 
reasonably determine); provided that if the Securities are 
denominated in Yen, such payments will be made by a Yen 
cheque drawn on, or, at the option of the holders, by transfer to a 
Yen account (in the case of payment to a non-resident of Japan, 
to a non-resident Yen account) maintained by the payee with, a 
bank in Tokyo.  
No payments of principal, interest or other amounts due in 
respect of Bearer Securities (or the related Coupons, Talons or

--- Page 210 ---
210 
Receipts) will be made by mail to an address in the United States 
or by transfer to an account maintained by the Holder in the 
United States.  
(b) 
Registered Securities
(1) 
Payments of principal (which, for the purposes of this Condition 
8(b), shall include final Instalment Amounts but not other 
Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Securities (other 
than Dual Currency Securities) will be made to the person shown 
on the register against presentation and surrender of the relevant 
Registered Certificate at the specified office of Principal Paying 
Agent and in the manner provided in Condition 8(a). To the extent 
that a Securityholder does not present (and, if applicable, 
surrender) the relevant Registered Certificate at least three 
business days prior to the Maturity Date or other date for 
redemption (as the case may be) none of the Issuer, the Trustee, 
the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Counterparty (if any), the Calculation Agent (if any), the 
Custodian or any other person shall be liable in respect of any 
delay in the payment of the relevant redemption monies to such 
Securityholder as a consequence thereof.  
(2) 
Interest (which, for the purposes of this Condition 8(b), shall 
include all Instalment Amounts other than final Instalment 
Amounts) on Registered Securities payable on any Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, any Instalment Date will 
be paid to the persons shown on the Register at the close of 
business on the day before the due date for payment thereof (the 
“Record Date”). Payment of interest on each Registered Security 
(other than a Dual Currency Security) will be made in the currency 
in which such Securities are denominated by cheque drawn on a 
bank in the principal financial centre of the country of the currency 
concerned (or, in the case of Securities denominated in Euro, 
such financial centre in a participating Member State as the 
Issuer may reasonably determine) and mailed to the holder (or to 
the first named of joint holders) of such Security at its address 
appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent before the relevant 
Record Date, such payment of interest may be made by transfer 
to an account in the relevant currency maintained by the payee 
with a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of that 
currency.  
(3) 
Payments in Yen in respect of Registered Securities will be made 
in the manner specified in Condition 8(a). If the Issuer either 
receives or sends an Early Redemption Event Determination 
Notice pursuant to Master Condition 9(b) (Early Redemption 
Event determination) in respect of a Series, then: 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Securities are 
denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in respect thereof may be 
made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City 
in the same manner as aforesaid if:  
(1) 
the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified 
offices outside the United States with the reasonable expectation 
that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the

--- Page 211 ---
211 
amounts on the Securities in the manner provided above when 
due;  
(2) 
payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts; and  
(3) 
such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences 
to the Issuer.  
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws; payments on Global 
Securities and Global Registered Certificates
(1) 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or 
other laws, regulations and directives but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 17 and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to FATCA (in each case without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 17). No commissions or expenses 
shall be charged to the Securityholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders (if any) in respect of such payments.  
(2) 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Securities 
when represented by a Global Security (if not in NGN form) and 
payments of principal in respect of Registered Securities when 
represented by a Global Registered Certificate (if not held under 
the New Safekeeping Structure) will be made against 
presentation and surrender or, as the case may be, presentation 
of the Global Security or Global Registered Certificate at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Registrar, subject in all cases to any fiscal or other laws, 
regulations and directives applicable in the place of payment to 
the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar or the bearer or registered owner of the Global Security 
or Global Registered Certificate or any person (so long as the 
Global Security or Global Registered Certificate is held on behalf 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative 
Clearing System) shown in the records of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (other than each Clearing System to 
the extent that it is an account holder with the other Clearing 
System for the purpose of operating the “bridge” between the 
Clearing Systems) or such Alternative Clearing System as the 
holder of a particular principal amount of the Securities. A record 
of each payment so made will be endorsed on the relevant 
schedule to the Global Security or Global Registered Certificate 
by or on behalf of the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may 
be, the Registrar which endorsement shall be prima facie
evidence that such payment has been made.  
(3) 
The bearer of a Global Security or the registered owner of a 
Global Registered Certificate shall be the only person entitled to 
receive payments of principal and interest on the Global Security 
or Global Registered Certificate and the Issuer will be discharged 
by payment to the bearer or registered owner of such Global 
Security or Global Registered Certificate in respect of each 
amount paid. So long as the relevant Global Security or Global 
Registered Certificate is held by or on behalf of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System, 
each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System 
as the holder of a Security must look solely to Euroclear,

--- Page 212 ---
212 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System, 
as the case may be, for its share of each payment so made by 
the Issuer to the bearer or registered owner of the Global Security 
or Global Registered Certificate subject to and in accordance with 
the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such Alternative Clearing System, as the case 
may be. So long as the relevant Global Registered Certificate is 
registered in the name of a person other than a nominee for 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing 
System, each of the persons shown in the records of such person 
as the holder of a Security must look solely to such person for its 
share of each payment so made by the Issuer to such person, 
subject to the rules and procedures established from time to time 
by such person. No person other than the bearer of the Global 
Security or the registered owner of the Global Registered 
Certificate shall have any entitlement to payments due by the 
Issuer on the Securities.  
(e) 
Unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons
(1) 
Subject to the provisions of the Constituting Instrument, upon the 
due date for redemption of any Security which is a Bearer 
Security, unmatured Coupons relating to such Security (whether 
or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made 
in respect of them.  
(2) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Security, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Bearer Security (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be 
delivered in respect of such Talon.  
(3) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Security which is 
redeemable in instalments, all Receipts relating to such Security 
having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment 
shall be made in respect of them.  
(4) 
Where any Floating Rate Security or Variable Coupon Amount 
Security which is a Bearer Security which provides that the 
relative Coupons are to become void upon the due date for 
redemption of those Securities is presented for redemption 
without all unmatured Coupons and any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, and where any Bearer Security is presented for 
redemption without any unexchanged Talon relating to it, 
redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require.  
(5) 
If the due date for redemption of any Bearer Security is not a due 
date for payment of interest, interest accrued from the preceding 
due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement 
Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer 
Security. Interest accrued on a Registered Security from its 
Maturity Date in respect of which the Registered Certificate has 
been presented for payment of principal shall, save as otherwise 
provided in the Conditions, be paid in accordance with Condition 
8(b). Interest accrued on a Zero Coupon Security from its Maturity 
Date shall be payable on redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Security against presentation thereof.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
(f) 
Non-Business Days
Subject as provided in the Pricing Document, if any date for 
payment in respect of any Security, Receipt or Coupon is not a 
Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the 
next following Business Day nor to any interest or other sum in 
respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, 
“Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which (i) commercial banks are open for general 
business and carrying out transactions in the financial centres (if 
any) referred to in the definition of Business Days as set out in 
the Pricing Document, and (ii) foreign exchange markets settle 
payments generally in the relevant currency. In relation to 
Securities denominated in euro, a “Business Day” is a day on 
which 
the 
Trans-European 
Automated 
Real-time 
Gross 
settlement Express Transfer payment system which utilises a 
single shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 
2007 (“TARGET2”) system is operating. In addition to the 
foregoing, if the Securities are in definitive form a day will not be 
a Business Day unless such a day is a day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business and carrying out 
transactions in the relevant place of presentation and in the place 
where payment is to be made. Furthermore, Additional Business 
Days may be specified in the Pricing Document. 
(g) 
Dual Currency Securities
The Constituting Instrument in respect of each Series of Dual 
Currency Securities shall specify the currency in which each 
payment in respect of the relevant Securities shall be made, the 
terms relating to any option relating to the currency in which any 
payment is to be made and the basis for calculating the amount 
of any relevant payment and the manner of payment thereof. 
(h) 
Talons
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon 
forming part of a coupon sheet issued in respect of any Bearer 
Security, the Talon forming part of such coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent 
or such other Paying Agent as is notified to the Securityholders 
in exchange for a further coupon sheet and if necessary another 
Talon for a further coupon sheet (but excluding any Coupons 
which may have become void pursuant to Condition 11).  
9. 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the 
Counterparty (if any) (if sums are due but unpaid to the Counterparty) or 
the holders of at least one-fifth in principal amount of the Securities of any 
Series then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of 
the Securityholders shall, subject to its being indemnified and/or secured 
and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all proceedings, claims and 
demands to which it may be liable and against all costs, charges, liabilities 
and expenses which may be incurred by it, including the cost of its 
management’s time and/or other internal resources, calculated using its 
normal hourly rates in force from time to time, give notice to the Issuer that 
the Securities of such Series are, and they shall accordingly immediately 
become, due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount, calculated 
as provided by Condition 7(f) (Redemption Amount of Securities) (or, in the 
case of Zero Coupon Securities of a Series (unless the Pricing Document

--- Page 214 ---
214 
of such Securities provide otherwise or do not specify the Amortisation 
Yield and Day Count Fraction) at their Amortised Face Amount) and the 
security constituted by or created pursuant to the relevant Constituting 
Instrument in respect of such Series shall become enforceable (as 
provided in the Master Trust Terms (as amended and/or modified by such 
Constituting Instrument), and the proceeds of realisation of such security 
shall be applied as specified in Condition 4(d), in any of the following 
events (“Events of Default”):  
(a) 
if default is made for a period of 14 calendar days or more in the 
payment of any sum due in respect of such Securities or any of 
them (save as specifically provided in these terms and 
conditions); or  
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations 
under such Securities or the relevant Trust Deed and, (unless 
such failure is, in the opinion of the Trustee, incapable of remedy 
in which case no such notice as is referred to in this paragraph 
shall be required) such failure continues for a period of 30 
calendar days (or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) 
next following the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of notice 
requiring the same to be remedied (and, for such purposes, any 
failure to perform or observe any obligation shall be deemed 
remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing 
an act or thing by a particular time); or  
(c) 
if any order shall be made by any competent court or other 
authority or any resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution of the Issuer save for the purposes of amalgamation, 
merger, 
consolidation, 
reorganisation 
or 
other 
similar 
arrangement on terms approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
or  
(d) 
a decree or order by a court having jurisdiction is entered that 
declares the Issuer bankrupt, or approves a petition seeking a 
moratorium 
of 
payments, 
reorganisation, 
arrangement, 
adjustment or composition of or appoints a receiver, liquidator, 
assignee, examiner or sequestrator (or other similar official) of 
the Issuer or of any substantial part of its property, or orders the 
winding up or liquidation of its affairs or takes any action to 
dissolve the Issuer (or any amendment, modification or re-
enactment thereof); or 
(e) 
a voluntary case or proceeding is initiated by the Issuer under any 
applicable insolvency law, including presentation to the court of 
an 
application 
for 
bankruptcy 
(“faillissement”), 
for 
an 
administration, liquidation or dissolution order, or seeking the 
appointment of a receiver, administrator, liquidator, examiner or 
other similar official in relation to the Issuer or to the whole or any 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer, or 
takes any action to dissolve the Issuer (or any amendment, 
modification 
or 
re-enactment 
thereof), 
or 
a 
receiver, 
administrator, liquidator, examiner or other similar official is 
appointed in relation to the Issuer or in relation to the whole or 
any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer or 
an encumbrancer takes possession or execution or other process 
is levied or enforced upon or sued out against the whole or any 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer; or

--- Page 215 ---
215 
(f) 
any event occurs with respect to the Issuer which, under the 
applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect of any 
of the events specified in (d) or (e) above. 
While the Securities of any Series are represented by one or 
more Global Securities or Global Registered Certificates, the 
holder of any such Global Security or Global Registered 
Certificate (or two or more of them acting together, if more than 
one) representing at least one-fifth in principal amount of the 
Securities of such Series may exercise the right to request the 
Trustee to declare the Securities of such Series due and payable 
at the relevant amount by request in writing to the Trustee. 
10. 
Enforcement and 
Limited Recourse  
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Master 
Trust Terms, the Constituting Instrument, the Trust Deed applicable to the 
Series, the Charging Instrument, if applicable, and the Conditions to 
enforce 
the 
rights 
of 
the 
Securityholders, 
Receiptholders 
and 
Couponholders (if any) of a Series or the Counterparty (if any) in the order 
of priority specified in the Pricing Document. Neither the holder of any 
Security or Receipt or Coupon (if any) of any Series nor the Counterparty 
(if any) is entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer or any assets of 
the Issuer unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Trust Deed, the Constituting 
Instrument, the Charging Instrument, if applicable, or the Conditions as 
completed by the Pricing Document, fails, neglects or is unable to do so 
within 60 days and such failure, neglect or inability is continuing. After 
realisation of the security in respect of the Securities of such Series which 
has become enforceable and distribution of the net proceeds thereof in 
accordance with Condition 4, or, in the case of an unsecured Series, 
distribution of the proceeds of the assets which are attributable to the 
relevant Series in accordance with the relevant priority of payments and, 
save for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer initiated by another 
person or taking proceedings to obtain a declaration or judgment as to the 
obligations of the Issuer, neither the Trustee nor any Securityholder, 
Receiptholder or Couponholder (if any) may take any further steps against 
the Issuer or any of its assets to recover any sum still unpaid in respect of 
the Securities or Receipts or Coupons (if any) nor may the Counterparty (if 
any) take any further steps against the Issuer or any of its assets to recover 
any sum still unpaid in respect of the relevant Charged Agreement in 
respect of such Series and, in each case, all claims against the Issuer in 
respect of each of such sums unpaid shall be extinguished. In particular, 
neither the Trustee nor any Securityholder, Receiptholder or Couponholder 
(if any) nor the Counterparty (if any) shall be entitled to petition or take any 
other step for the winding-up of the Issuer in relation to such sums or 
otherwise, nor shall any of them have any claim in respect of any such 
sums or on any other account whatsoever over or in respect of any assets 
of the Issuer which are or purport to be security for any other Series.  
Such net proceeds may be insufficient to pay all the amounts due to the 
Counterparty (if any) and to pay to the Securityholders amounts equal to 
the Scheduled Redemption Amount and the interest which would 
otherwise accrue to the date of redemption. In such event, any shortfall 
shall be borne by the Securityholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders 
(if any) and by the Counterparty (if any) and any other persons entitled to 
the benefit of the security pursuant to the Constituting Instrument 
according to the reverse order of priority specified in the Pricing Document 
and the Early Redemption Amount will reflect such shortfall in the case of 
the Securityholders. None of the Trustee, the holder or holders of the

--- Page 216 ---
216 
shares in the Issuer (or if it is acting as a share trustee or custodian, the 
beneficiary or beneficiaries), the Counterparty (if any), the Arranger or any 
other person has any obligation to any Securityholders or Receiptholders 
or Couponholders (if any) for payment of any amount by the Issuer in 
respect of the Securities or Receipts or Coupons (if any). The other assets 
(if any) of the Issuer including, in particular, assets securing other Series 
of Securities will not be available to make up any shortfall. 
11. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Securities, 
Receipts, Coupons and Talons (if any) shall be prescribed and become 
void unless made within 10 years (in the case of principal) or five years (in 
the case of interest) from the relevant due date for payment. 
12. 
Replacement of 
Securities, 
Receipts, 
Coupons and 
Talons 
If any Bearer Security or Registered Security (in global or definitive form), 
Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed 
it may be replaced, subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange 
requirements, at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the 
case of Bearer Securities) and the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the 
case of Registered Securities), upon payment by the claimant of the out-
of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on 
such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer 
may require. Mutilated or defaced Securities, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. In the case of a 
mutilated or defaced Bearer Security (unless otherwise covered by such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require) any replacement Bearer Security will 
only have attached to it Receipts, Coupons and/or Talons corresponding 
to those attached to the mutilated or defaced Bearer Security surrendered 
for replacement.  
13. 
Meetings of 
Securityholders, 
Modification, 
Waiver, 
Authorisation and 
Substitution 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders, Modifications and Wavier
The Master Trust Terms contain provisions for convening meetings of 
Securityholders of a Series (including by way of conference call) to 
consider matters affecting their interests, including the modification by 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Conditions or the provisions of the Pricing 
Document, the Master Trust Terms or the Trust Deed applicable to the 
Series and/or, if applicable, the Charging Instrument or any agreement or 
deed constituted or created by the Constituting Instrument applicable to 
the Series. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing a clear 
majority in principal amount of the Securities of the relevant Series for the 
time being outstanding, or, at any adjourned such meeting, one or more 
persons being or representing Securityholders of the relevant Series, 
whatever the principal amount of the Securities so held or represented, 
except that, inter alia, the terms of the security and certain terms 
concerning the amount and currency and the postponement of the due 
dates of payment of the Securities or the Receipts or Coupons (if any) may 
be modified only by resolutions passed at a meeting the quorum at which 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing two-thirds, or, at any 
adjourned such meeting, not less than one-third, in principal amount of the 
Securities for the time being outstanding. A resolution duly passed at any 
meeting of the Securityholders will be binding on all Securityholders of the 
relevant Series, whether or not they were present at such meeting, and on 
Receiptholders and Couponholders (if any). A resolution (i) in writing 
signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in

--- Page 217 ---
217 
principal amount of the Securities who for the time being are entitled to 
receive notice of the meeting or (ii) consent given by way of electronic 
consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to 
the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holder(s) of not less than 75 per cent. 
in principal amount of the Securities for the time being outstanding shall, 
in each case, for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Securityholders of such Series. Any 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several 
documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Securityholders. The Trustee may, without consulting the Securityholders 
or Receiptholders or Couponholders (if any) or the Counterparty (if any), 
determine that an event which would otherwise be an Event of Default shall 
not be so treated but only if and insofar as in its opinion the interests of the 
Securityholders and the Counterparty shall not be materially prejudiced 
thereby. The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the 
Securityholders or Receiptholders or Couponholders (if any), or the 
Counterparty (if any), to:  
(A) 
any modification of any of the provisions of the Pricing Document, 
the Master Trust Terms, the Trust Deed applicable to the Series 
or the Charging Instrument, if applicable, or any agreement or 
deed constituted or created by the Constituting Instrument 
applicable to the Series which is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to correct a manifest error or is made in order 
to address any comments raised by the relevant exchange (if 
any) on which the Securities are admitted to trading in connection 
with an application to admit a Series of Securities to trading or to 
comply with mandatory provisions of law; and  
(B) 
any other modification (except as mentioned in the relevant 
Constituting Instrument and as summarised above) and any 
waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any 
of the provisions of the Pricing Document, the Master Trust 
Terms, the Trust Deed applicable to the Series or the Charging 
Instrument, if applicable, or any agreement or deed constituted or 
created by the Constituting Instrument applicable to the Series or 
any other agreement or deed constituted or created by the 
Constituting Instrument or otherwise with respect to the Series 
and to which the Issuer and/or the Trustee are a party or any 
accession by or substitution of any party to any such agreement 
or deed which in each case, in the opinion of the Trustee, is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders of that 
Series and subject as provided by the relevant agreement or 
deed.  
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding on 
the Securityholders of that Series and the Receiptholders and the 
Couponholders (if any) of that Series and the Counterparty (if 
any) and such modification shall be notified to the Securityholders 
of that Series in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) and the 
relevant exchange (for so long as the Securities are admitted to 
trading on such exchange and such exchange so requires) as 
soon as practicable thereafter.  
No amendment may be made to any security held by the Trustee 
for the Counterparty (if any) without the prior written consent of 
the Counterparty.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
(b) 
Authorisation
The Issuer will not exercise any rights in its capacity as a holder 
of, or person beneficially entitled to or participating in the Charged 
Assets unless directed in writing to do so by the Trustee or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders and, if such 
direction is given, the Issuer will act only in accordance with such 
directions. In particular, the Issuer will not attend or vote at any 
meeting of holders of, or other persons interested or participating 
in, or entitled to the rights or benefits (or a part thereof) of, the 
Charged Assets or give any consent, waiver, indulgence, time or 
notification or make any declaration in relation to such Charged 
Assets unless it shall have been so directed in writing by the 
Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders. 
If any such persons aforesaid are at any time requested to give 
an indemnity to any person in relation to the Charged Assets or 
to assume obligations not otherwise assumed by them under any 
of the Charged Assets, or to give up, waive or forego any of their 
rights and/or entitlements under any of the assets secured 
pursuant to the relevant Constituting Instrument and/or, if 
applicable, any Charging Instrument, or agree any composition, 
compounding or other similar arrangement with respect to any of 
the Charged Assets or any part of them, the Issuer will not give 
such indemnity or otherwise assume such obligations or give up, 
waive or forego such rights or agree such composition, 
compounding or other arrangement unless (i) it shall have been 
so requested by the Trustee or directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Securityholders and (ii) it shall have been 
counter-indemnified to its satisfaction.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Counterparty is expressed 
to rank ahead of the Securityholders pursuant to Condition 4(d) 
and if any sum of money is or may become due to the 
Counterparty pursuant to the Charged Agreement, the Issuer 
shall not act in accordance with the directions of the Trustee or of 
the Securityholders given as aforesaid in relation to the Charged 
Assets without the Issuer obtaining the prior written consent of 
the Counterparty. 
(c) 
Substitution of Issuer
The Master Trust Terms contain provisions permitting the Trustee 
to agree, subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed and the 
other agreements and deeds constituted or created by the 
relevant Constituting Instrument and the Charging Instrument, if 
applicable, and to the confirmation of any applicable Rating 
Agency that the ratings of any existing Series will not be affected 
thereby, and such other conditions as the Trustee may require 
including the transfer of security and subject to the prior written 
approval of the Counterparty (if any), but without the consent of 
the Securityholders or the Receiptholders or the Couponholders 
(if any) of any Series, to the substitution of any other company in 
place of the Issuer, or of any previous substituted company, as 
principal debtor under the relevant Constituting Instrument and 
the Charging Instrument, if applicable, and the Securities in 
relation to any Series. In the case of such a substitution, the 
Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Securityholders or 
Receiptholders or Couponholders (if any) of any Series, but 
subject to the prior written approval of the Counterparty (if any), 
to a change of the law governing the Securities, the Receipts, the

--- Page 219 ---
219 
Coupons, the Talons (if any) and/or the Master Trust Terms 
and/or the Constituting Instrument and any agreement or deed 
constituted or created by it and/or, if applicable, the Charging 
Instrument with respect to the Series in question, provided that 
such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders, the 
Receiptholders or the Couponholders of the Series in question. 
(d) 
Entitlement of the Trustee
In connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities 
or discretions (including but not limited to those in relation to any 
proposed modification, waiver, authorisation or substitution as 
aforesaid) the Trustee shall not have regard to the consequences 
of such exercise for individual Securityholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders, or of holders of any other Securities or bonds, 
resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident 
in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory and the Trustee shall not be entitled to 
require, nor shall any Securityholder or Receiptholder or 
Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of 
any 
such 
exercise 
upon 
individual 
Securityholders 
or 
Receiptholders or Couponholders.  
(e) 
Counterparty
If, in relation to the relevant Series, there is a Charged 
Agreement, the Issuer shall not agree to any amendment or 
modification of the Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or the 
Charging Instrument, if applicable, without first obtaining the 
written consent of the Counterparty, which consent shall not be 
unreasonably withheld or delayed unless such amendment or 
modification is to any security held for the Counterparty.  
(f) 
Rating Agency
If the Securities are rated at the request of the Issuer and each 
relevant Rating Agency confirms that any proposed action on the 
part of the Issuer or any other person would not adversely affect 
or result in the withdrawal of the current rating of the Securities, 
the Trust Deed provides that in certain circumstances the Trustee 
may (but is not bound to) take into consideration such 
confirmation, amongst other things, in determining that the 
interests of the Securityholders will not be materially prejudiced 
by such proposed action. 
14. 
Notices 
Notices to holders of Registered Securities will be posted to them at their 
respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been given on 
the second day after the date of posting. Other notices to Securityholders 
will be valid if published in a leading daily newspaper (expected to be the 
Financial Times) having general circulation in London and (so long as the 
Securities are admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of 
that stock exchange so require) in any such other newspaper in which 
publication is so required by the rules of that stock exchange or, if in the 
opinion of the Trustee such publication shall not be practicable, in an 
English language newspaper of general circulation in Europe approved by 
the Trustee. Any such notice (other than to holders of Registered 
Securities as specified above) shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different

--- Page 220 ---
220 
dates, on the first date on which publication is made. Receiptholders, 
Couponholders and Talonholders will be deemed for all purposes to have 
notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Bearer 
Securities in accordance with this Condition.  
So long as any Securities are represented by Global Securities or Global 
Registered Certificates notices in respect of those Securities may be given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or the relevant Alternative Clearing System for communication by them to 
entitled account holders or (in the case of a Global Registered Certificate 
registered in the name of a person other than a nominee for Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, or an Alternative Clearing System) to such 
person for communication by it to those persons entered in the records of 
such person as being entitled to such notice, in each case, in substitution 
for publication in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in 
London as aforesaid. 
For the avoidance of doubt, holders of interests in a Global Registered 
Certificate 
will 
receive 
notices 
through 
Euroclear, 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or the relevant Alternative Clearing System as aforesaid 
rather than by post. 
15. 
Indemnification of 
the Trustee 
The Master Trust Terms contain provisions for indemnification of the 
Trustee and for its relief from responsibility for the validity, sufficiency and 
enforceability (which the Trustee has not investigated) of the security 
created over the Mortgaged Property or Charged Agreement (if any), 
including provisions relieving it from taking proceedings to enforce 
repayment or from taking any action in accordance with the Constituting 
Instrument without being first indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded 
to its satisfaction. The Master Trust Terms provide that, when determining 
whether an indemnity or any security or prefunding is satisfactory to it, the 
Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk in any given circumstance 
by considering the worst-case scenario and (ii) to require that any 
indemnity or security given to it by the Securityholders or any of them be 
given on a joint and several basis and be supported by evidence 
satisfactory to it as to the financial standing and creditworthiness of each 
counterparty and/or as to the value of the security and an opinion as to the 
capacity, power and authority of each counterparty and/or the validity and 
effectiveness of the security. 
The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer, 
any issuer or guarantor of or other obligor in respect of the assets, rights 
and/or benefits comprising the Charged Assets, the Counterparty (if any) 
or any of their respective subsidiaries or associated companies without 
accounting to the holders of Securities, Receipts or Coupons for any profit 
resulting therefrom.  
The Master Trust Terms provide that the Trustee is exempted from any 
liability in respect of any loss, diminution in value or theft of all or any part 
of the Mortgaged Property, from any obligation to insure all or any part of 
the Mortgaged Property (including, in either such case, any documents 
evidencing, constituting or representing the same or transferring any 
rights, benefits and/or obligations thereunder) or to procure the same to be 
insured and from any claim arising from all or any part of the Mortgaged 
Property (or any such document aforesaid) being held in an account with 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System in 
accordance with that system’s rules or otherwise held in safe custody by

--- Page 221 ---
221 
the Custodian or a bank or other custodian selected by the Trustee or the 
Custodian.  
The Master Trust Terms provide that the Trustee will be under no 
obligation or duty to act on any directions of the Counterparty (if any) (save 
as expressly provided in these terms and conditions and/or the Master 
Trust Terms (as amended and/or modified by the relevant Constituting 
Instrument)) and (save as aforesaid) in the event of any conflict between 
directions given by the Securityholders and by the Counterparty it shall be 
entitled to act in accordance only with the directions of the Securityholders 
unless the Counterparty gives directions to the Trustee in connection with 
any failure to pay when due any amount at any time owing to the 
Counterparty in respect of the Charged Agreement, in which case the 
Trustee shall be entitled to act in accordance only with the directions of the 
Counterparty (but without prejudice to the provisions concerning 
enforcement of the security under Condition 4(c) and the Constituting 
Instrument and to the provisions concerning the application of moneys 
received by the Trustee in accordance with Condition 4(d) and the Master 
Trust Terms as the same may be amended or replaced by the Constituting 
Instrument).  
The Master Trust Terms provide that the Trustee shall not be bound or 
concerned to make any investigation into the creditworthiness of the 
Counterparty or of any obligor under any Charged Asset or the validity or 
enforceability of any of the obligations of the Counterparty, under any 
Charged Agreement or of any obligor under the terms of any Charged 
Asset (including, without limitation, whether the cashflows from any 
Charged Assets, the Charged Agreement and the Securities are matched) 
nor shall the Trustee be obliged to take any action which would, in its 
opinion, render it personally liable in respect of any costs, claims, 
expenses or liabilities, unless it is indemnified to its satisfaction in respect 
of the same. 
None of the Trustee nor the Agents shall be required or obliged to monitor 
or enquire as to whether any event, condition or circumstance, which could 
lead to an early redemption of the Securities, exists or has occurred. None 
of the Trustee nor the Agents shall have any obligation, responsibility or 
liability for giving or not giving any notice thereof to the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other party. 
16. 
Further Issues 
Without prejudice to the issue by the Issuer of a Series of Securities 
comprising more than one tranche or class of Securities in the manner 
contemplated by Condition 3, the Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time 
without the consent of the Securityholders to create and issue Securities 
(“Further Securities”) which shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the Securities of any Existing Series provided that:  
(a) 
the Further Securities together with the Securities of the Existing 
Series are secured on the Issuer’s right, title and interest in and 
to the Original Charged Assets (as defined below) and assets (the 
“Further Charged Assets”) which are identical to the Charged 
Assets for such Existing Series (the “Original Charged Assets”) 
in every material respect and the nominal amount of which bears 
the same proportion to the nominal amount of the Further 
Securities as the proportion which the nominal amount of the

--- Page 222 ---
222 
Original Charged Assets bears to the nominal amount of the 
Securities of such Existing Series;  
(b) 
the Conditions of the Further Securities are identical to the 
Conditions of the Securities of such Existing Series except in 
respect of the first amount of interest (if any) in respect thereof;  
(c) 
the Further Securities are constituted and secured by a 
constituting instrument 
supplemental to the Constituting 
Instrument in respect of the Securities of such Existing Series (the 
“Further Constituting Instrument”), and so that, upon the 
execution of the Further Constituting Instrument, all references to 
the “Constituting Instrument”, shall be construed as being to such 
document as amended and supplemented by the Further 
Constituting Instrument;  
(d) 
if the Issuer has entered into a Charged Agreement (the “Original 
Charged Agreement”) in respect of such Existing Series, the 
Issuer enters into an agreement or agreements supplemental to 
the Original Charged Agreement (the “Further Charged 
Agreement”) extending the provisions of the Original Charged 
Agreement, pro rata, to cover amounts receivable in respect of 
the Further Charged Assets and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of the Further Securities;  
(e) 
the security interests granted by the Issuer in such Further 
Constituting Instrument and/or any further Charging Instrument 
executed pursuant to such Further Constituting Instrument are 
granted to the Trustee (i) for the Counterparty (if there is a Further 
Charged Agreement) to secure the obligations of the Issuer under 
both the Original Charged Agreement and the Further Charged 
Agreement and (ii) for all of the Securityholders of the 
consolidated Series on a pari passu basis, in all cases in the order 
of priority specified in the Constituting Instrument; and  
(f) 
the rating (if any) of the Charged Assets and the Further Charged 
Assets at the date of issue of the Further Securities will be 
identical to the rating (if any) of the Original Charged Assets at 
the date of issue of the Securities of the Existing Series.  
(g) 
Upon any issue of Further Securities pursuant to this Condition 
16, all references in these Conditions to “Securities”, “Charged 
Assets”, “Constituting Instrument”, “Charged Agreement” 
and “Mortgaged Property” shall be deemed (where the context 
permits) to be references to the Securities and the Further 
Securities (including, where the context admits, any Receipts, 
Coupons or Talons appertaining thereto), the Original Charged 
Assets and the Further Charged Assets, the Constituting 
Instrument and the Further Constituting Instrument, and the 
Original Charged Agreement and the Further Charged 
Agreement, respectively. 
17. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Securities, Receipts or Coupons (if any) will 
be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties or charges of whatsoever nature unless the 
Issuer or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent or any Paying Agent is 
required by applicable law to make any such payment in respect of the 
Securities, Receipts or Coupons (if any) subject to any withholding or 
deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties or 
charges of whatsoever nature. In that event, the Issuer or such Paying

--- Page 223 ---
223 
Agent, Registrar or Transfer Agent (as the case may be) shall make such 
payment after such withholding or deduction has been made and shall 
account to the relevant authorities for the amount so required to be 
withheld or deducted. Neither the Issuer nor any Paying Agent, Registrar 
or Transfer Agent will be obliged to make any additional payments to the 
Securityholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders (if any) in respect of 
such withholding or deduction. 
18. 
Governing Law 
and Submission 
to Jurisdiction 
The Master Trust Terms, the relevant Constituting Instrument, the Agency 
Agreement, the Securities, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons (if 
any), the Charged Agreement (if any) and all other documents to which, 
by execution of the Constituting Instrument, the Issuer becomes a party in 
respect of a Series, and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the foregoing documents, are governed by and shall be 
construed in accordance with English law. The Charging Instrument (if 
any) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law 
specified therein. The Issuer has submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts for all purposes in connection with the Securities, the Receipts, the 
Coupons and the Talons (if any), the Master Trust Terms, the Agency 
Agreement and the Charged Agreement (if any) and by the Constituting 
Instrument has appointed an agent in London to accept service of process 
on its behalf in connection with service of proceedings in the English 
courts. 
19. 
Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) 
Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the 
Securities under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 except to 
the extent (if any) that the Securities expressly provide for such Act to 
apply to any of their terms.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
PART B: PARTICIPATION SECURITIES CONDITIONS
ANNEX ONE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES – PARTICIPATION 
SECURITIES PRODUCT ANNEX 
Part A – Participation Securities Conditions 
Where the Pricing Document relating to a Series of Securities specifies that the Securities are either Actively 
Managed Securities, Dynamic Tracker Securities or Static Pass-through Securities, the Master Conditions 
shall be amended and/or supplemented by the following terms and conditions set out in Parts A and B of this 
Annex One (the “Participation Securities Conditions”, and each a “Participation Securities Condition”), 
as completed by the Pricing Document relating to such Series of Securities. 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Participation Securities Conditions and the Master Conditions, 
the Participation Securities Conditions shall prevail. 
Capitalised terms used in this Participation Securities Product Annex (and not otherwise defined in this Part 
A, the Master Conditions or the Master Definitions Schedule) are defined in Part B. 
References to “Applicable” in this Participation Securities Product Annex shall mean the relevant election has 
been specified as “Applicable” in the Pricing Document, and accordingly the corresponding terms of such 
election shall apply to the relevant Series of Securities. 
1. 
Interest Amounts 
and Variable 
Interest Amounts 
(1)  
Interest Amounts and Variable Interest Amounts
The Securities shall not bear any interest (and Master Condition 
6 (Interest) shall not apply) unless it is specified in the Pricing 
Document that “Fixed Interest” and/or “Variable Interest” is 
Applicable. 
(2)  
Interest Amounts
Subject to the Securities not having already been redeemed early 
and/or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions, if “Fixed 
Interest” is specified as Applicable in the Pricing Document, 
interest in respect of the Securities shall be due and payable in 
respect of each Security on each Interest Payment Date in an 
amount equal to the Interest Amount in respect of that Interest 
Payment Date, where for such purposes, “Interest Amount” 
means, in respect of a Security and an Interest Payment Date, an 
amount equal to the Fixed Interest Amount. 
(3) 
Variable Interest Amounts 
Subject to the Securities not having already been redeemed early 
and/or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions, if “Variable 
Interest” is specified as Applicable in the Pricing Document, a 
“Variable Interest Amount” shall be due and payable in respect of 
each Security on a Variable Interest Payment Date, provided that, 
in each case as of the Variable Interest Valuation Date: 
(A) 
the Notional Physical Cash Position Level after the 
deduction of any Fixed Interest Amount is positive and 
greater in amount than the Minimum Notional Physical 
Cash Position Level; 
(B) 
the Notional Physical Cash Position Level after the 
deduction of any such Variable Interest Amount is 
positive; 
(C) 
the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level after the 
deduction of any Fixed Interest Amount is greater than 
the Minimum Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level;

--- Page 225 ---
225 
(D) 
the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level shall not be 
lower than the Minimum Aggregate Reference Portfolio 
Level as a result of payment of such Variable Interest 
Amount on such Variable Interest Payment Date. 
2. 
Scheduled 
Redemption 
(1)  
Subject to the Securities not having already been redeemed early 
and/or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions, each 
Security shall redeem in full at its Scheduled Redemption Amount 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date. 
(2)  
For such purposes the “Scheduled Redemption Amount” in 
respect of each Security shall mean an amount equal to: 
Min [Max (Minimum Redemption Amount; Calculation Amount x 
(Aggregate Reference Portfolio Redemption Level / Aggregate 
Initial Reference Portfolio Level)); Hedging Proceeds] 
(3) 
In respect of each Security, if the aggregate of the Scheduled 
Redemption Amount of such Security, together with any other 
amounts paid in respect of such Security, exceeds the Authorised 
Denomination (or, in the case of Certificates, the Notional 
Amount) of such Security, any such excess shall constitute a 
payment of interest in respect of such Security.  
Investors should be aware that the Scheduled Redemption 
Amount is calculated by reference to the performance of the 
Reference Portfolio, but can never be greater than a pro rata 
share of the liquidation proceeds of the Hedging Portfolio, 
and (if applicable) can never be less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount. 
3. 
Early Redemption 
(1)  
The following Master Conditions which relate to redemption do 
not apply to the Participation Securities (unless otherwise 
specified in the Pricing Document): 
(A) 
Condition 7(b) (Mandatory Redemption); 
(B) 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption for taxation and other 
reasons);  
(C) 
Condition 7(d) (Redemption for an Administrator/ 
Benchmark event); and 
(D) 
Condition 7(g) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Securityholders or the Issuer). 
(2)  
The Participation Securities shall instead be redeemed early in 
accordance with this Participation Securities Condition 3. 
(3)  
Early Redemption Amount 
Where the Calculation Agent makes an Early Redemption 
Determination, each Security shall redeem in full at its Early 
Redemption Amount on the corresponding Early Redemption 
Date. 
For such purposes, the “Early Redemption Amount” in respect 
of each Security shall mean an amount equal to: 
Min [Max (Minimum Redemption Amount; Calculation Amount x 
(Aggregate Reference Portfolio Redemption Level / Aggregate 
Initial Reference Portfolio Level)); Hedging Proceeds]
Investors should be aware that the Early Redemption 
Amount is calculated by reference to the performance of the 
Reference Portfolio, but can never be greater than a pro rata

--- Page 226 ---
226 
share of the liquidation proceeds of the Hedging Portfolio, 
and (if applicable) can never be less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount. 
In respect of each Security, if the aggregate of the Early 
Redemption Amount of such Security, together with any other 
amounts paid in respect of such Security, exceeds the Authorised 
Denomination (or, in the case of Certificates, the Notional 
Amount) of such Security, any such excess shall constitute a 
payment of interest in respect of such Security. 
(4) 
Mandatory Early Redemption Determination
The Calculation Agent shall make an Early Redemption 
Determination upon the occurrence of the following events: 
(A) 
a Charged Agreement Termination Event (if specified as 
Applicable in the Pricing Document); 
(B) 
a Portfolio Manager Default Event (in the case of Actively 
Managed Securities); 
(C) 
a Portfolio Manager Termination Event (in the case of 
Actively Managed Securities);  
(D) 
a Stop Loss Event (if specified as Applicable in the Pricing 
Document); and / or 
(E) 
a Selling Restriction Breach. 
(5) 
Optional Early Redemption Determination
The Calculation Agent is entitled (but is not obliged) to make an 
Early Redemption Determination upon the occurrence of the 
following events (to the extent that such events are specified as 
Applicable in the Pricing Document): 
(A) 
an Administrator / Benchmark Event; 
(B) 
a Regulatory Event; 
(C) 
a Securities Tax Event;  
(D) 
a Charged Assets Tax Event; and / or 
(E) 
a Threshold Event. 
4. 
Redemption at the 
option of the 
Issuer 
(1)  
If the Pricing Document specifies that “Issuer Call” is Applicable 
for a Series of Securities, the Issuer may, on giving notice to the 
Trustee, the Agents and the Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) and subject to compliance with all relevant 
laws, regulations and directives, at the option of the Issuer, 
redeem all of the Securities (but not some only) in full at their 
Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional Redemption Date 
in accordance with this Participation Condition 4.
(2)  
Notice given by the Issuer to redeem the Securities pursuant to 
this Participation Condition 4 may not be withdrawn and the 
Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Securities in accordance with 
the notice, this Participation Condition 4, the Pricing Document 
and the Constituting Instrument. 
For such purposes, the “Optional Redemption Amount” in 
respect of each Security shall mean an amount equal to: 
Min [Max (Minimum Redemption Amount; Calculation Amount x 
(Aggregate Reference Portfolio Redemption Level / Aggregate 
Initial Reference Portfolio Level)); Hedging Proceeds]

--- Page 227 ---
227 
(3) 
In respect of each Security, if the aggregate of the Optional 
Redemption Amount of such Security, together with any other 
amounts paid in respect of such Security, exceeds the Authorised 
Denomination (or, in the case of Certificates, the Notional 
Amount) of such Security, any such excess shall constitute a 
payment of interest in respect of such Security.  
Investors should be aware that the Optional Redemption 
Amount is calculated by reference to the performance of the 
Reference Portfolio, but can never be greater than a pro rata 
share of the liquidation proceeds of the Hedging Portfolio, 
and (if applicable) can never be less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount. 
5. 
Redemption at the 
option of the 
Securityholders 
(1)  
If the Pricing Document specifies that “Investor Put” is Applicable 
for a Series of Securities, the Issuer shall, subject to compliance 
with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, at the option of 
a holder of Securities of a Series, redeem in full (or, in the case 
of an optional redemption exercised by only some but not all 
holders of the Securities of a Series, only the Securities of such 
Series in respect of which an optional redemption has been 
exercised) at their Optional Redemption Amount on the Optional 
Redemption Date in accordance with this Participation Condition 
5. 
(2)  
To exercise such option the holder must deposit the relevant 
Security with any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Securities) 
or the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered 
Securities) at their respective specified offices, together with a 
duly completed notice of redemption (“Redemption Notice”) in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer 
Securities) or from the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (in the 
case of Registered Securities) and provided that, in the case of 
any Security represented by a Global Note or a Global Registered 
Certificate registered in the name of a nominee for Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System, the 
Securityholder must deliver such Redemption Notice together 
with an authority to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or the 
relevant Alternative Clearing System (in each case, as 
appropriate) to debit such Securityholder’s account accordingly 
and provided that, in the case of any Security represented by a 
Global Registered Certificate registered in the name of any other 
person, the Securityholder must deliver such Redemption Notice 
together with an instruction to such person to amend its records 
accordingly (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in nominal amount, at their discretion). No Security (or authority) 
so deposited may be withdrawn (except as provided in the 
Constituting Instrument) without the prior written consent of the 
Issuer.  
For such purposes, the “Optional Redemption Amount” in 
respect of each Security which the holder of such Security has 
exercised its option to redeem such Security in accordance with 
this Participation Condition 5 shall mean an amount equal to: 
Min [Max (Minimum Redemption Amount; Calculation Amount x 
(Aggregate Reference Portfolio Redemption Level / Aggregate 
Initial Reference Portfolio Level)); Hedging Proceeds]

--- Page 228 ---
228 
(3) 
In respect of each Security, if the aggregate of the Optional 
Redemption Amount of such Security, together with any other 
amounts paid in respect of such Security, exceeds the Authorised 
Denomination (or, in the case of Certificates, the Notional 
Amount) of such Security, any such excess shall constitute a 
payment of interest in respect of such Security.  
Investors should be aware that the Optional Redemption 
Amount is calculated by reference to the performance of the 
Reference Portfolio, but can never be greater than a pro rata 
share of the liquidation proceeds of the Hedging Portfolio, 
and (if applicable) can never be less than the Minimum 
Redemption Amount. 
6. 
Maturity Date 
Extension 
(1)  
This Participation Securities Condition 6 shall apply where the 
Pricing Document specifies that “Maturity Date Extension” is 
Applicable to a Series of Securities.
(2)  
At any time falling no later than 60 Business Days prior to the 
Scheduled Maturity Date, the Issuer shall be entitled, with the 
prior agreement of the Counterparty and (in the case of Actively 
Managed Securities) the Portfolio Manager, to extend such 
Scheduled Maturity Date by a period of time no greater than the 
Maximum Permitted Extension Period. 
(3)  
Following any such extension of the Scheduled Maturity Date, the 
Issuer shall be entitled to extend the Scheduled Maturity Date one 
or more further times by a period of time in each case no greater 
than the Maximum Permitted Extension Period, provided that:  
(A) 
the Issuer obtains the prior agreement of the 
Counterparty and (in the case of Actively Managed 
Securities) the Portfolio Manager in connection with each 
such extension no later than 60 Business Days prior to 
the then applicable Scheduled Maturity Date; and 
(B) 
the Scheduled Maturity Date may not, in any 
circumstances, be extended beyond the Final Scheduled 
Maturity Date. 
(4)  
At least 5 Business Days prior to a proposed extended Scheduled 
Maturity Date, the Issuer, or the Calculation Agent on behalf of 
the Issuer, shall notify the Securityholders pursuant to Condition 
14 (Notices) and the Relevant Stock Exchange of such extension 
and any further extension of the Scheduled Maturity Date (and, 
in each case, the date of the extended Scheduled Maturity Date). 
(5)  
If specified as Applicable in the Pricing Document, following any 
proposed extension of the Scheduled Maturity Date in 
accordance with this Participation Securities Condition 6, the 
Issuer shall, subject to compliance with all relevant laws, 
regulations and directives, at the option of a holder of Securities 
of a Series at least 30 Business Days prior to the relevant 
proposed extension of the Scheduled Maturity Date, redeem in 
full (or, in the case of an optional redemption exercised by only 
some but not all holders of the Securities of a Series, only the 
Securities of such Series in respect of which an optional 
redemption has been exercised) at their Optional Redemption 
Amount on the Optional Redemption Date in accordance with 
Participation Securities Condition 5, which shall apply mutatis 
mutandis.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
(6) 
Any dates or other provisions relating to the Securities that refer 
to or otherwise relate to the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be 
deemed to be adjusted accordingly to take account of any such 
extension of the Scheduled Maturity Date (and, accordingly, 
references herein to such dates and provisions shall be construed 
accordingly). 
(7)  
No consent of the Trustee or the Securityholders shall be required 
or obtained in connection with the extension of the Scheduled 
Maturity Date in accordance with these provisions. 
(8)  
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Arranger, the Counterparty 
or any of the Agents shall have any liability or responsibility for 
the consequences on any Securityholder as a result of any 
extension of the Scheduled Maturity Date including, without 
limitation, any loss suffered by any such Securityholder. 
7. 
Other Master 
Terms and 
Conditions which 
are not applicable 
(1) 
The following Master Conditions shall not apply to the 
Participation Securities: 
(A) 
Condition 4(f) (Replacement and/or Substitution of 
Charged Assets); 
(B) 
Condition 6(a) (Interest Rate and Accrual); 
(C) 
Condition 6(c) (Interest Rate on Floating Rate Securities); 
(D) 
Condition 6(d) (Interest Rate on Zero Coupon Securities); 
(E) 
Condition 6(f) (Determination of Interest Rate and 
Calculation of Interest Amounts); 
(F) 
Condition 6(g) (Notification of Interest Rate and Interest 
Amounts); and 
(G) 
Condition 7(f)(1) (Redemption Amount of Securities) and 
Condition 7(f)(2) (Redemption Amount of Securities). 
8. 
Disrupted Days 
(1) 
If any day within the Notional Liquidation Period is, with respect 
to a Reference Portfolio Constituent, a Disrupted Day, then: 
(A) 
the Valuation Date for each Reference Portfolio 
Constituent not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date (and each 
such Reference Portfolio Constituent shall be valued on 
such date in accordance with the Valuation Procedures); 
(B) 
the Valuation Date for each Reference Portfolio 
Constituent affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day shall be the first succeeding Reference Portfolio 
Constituent Business Day that is not a Disrupted Day 
relating to that Reference Portfolio Constituent, unless 
each of the remaining Reference Portfolio Constituent 
Business Days within the Notional Liquidation Period with 
respect to a Reference Portfolio Constituent is a 
Disrupted Day, in which event:  
(i) 
the last Scheduled Valuation Date of the Notional 
Liquidation Period shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date for such Reference Portfolio 
Constituent, notwithstanding the fact that such 
day is a Disrupted Day, and  
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall calculate its good faith 
estimate of the value for that Reference Portfolio

--- Page 230 ---
230 
Constituent on such Scheduled Valuation Date 
(which may be zero).
9. 
Calculations, 
Determinations 
and Notifications 
(1)  
Binding nature of calculations and determinations 
Except where otherwise provided, any determination or 
calculation by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Counterparty, 
the Portfolio Manager (in the case of Actively Managed Securities 
only and within the limits set out in the Portfolio Management 
Agreement), the Broker or any other Agents, as applicable, or 
exercise of discretion thereby, shall be made in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner and shall be binding on the 
Securityholders, and each other party, in the absence of manifest 
error. 
(2)  
Currency conversions 
Where any determination or calculation is to be made in a single 
currency, that currency shall be in the Specified Currency and 
where such determination or calculation references one or more 
amounts denominated in the other currency, such other currency 
shall be converted into the Specified Currency at the then 
prevailing exchange rate, as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
(3)  
Variable Interest Amounts 
(A) 
The Portfolio Manager (in the case of Actively Managed 
Securities) shall determine the Variable Interest Amounts 
(if any) as of each relevant Variable Interest Valuation 
Date, and shall notify the Calculation Agent accordingly. 
The Calculation Agent (in the case of Dynamic Tracker 
Securities and Pass-Through Securities) shall calculate 
the Variable Interest Amounts (if any) as of each relevant 
Variable Interest Valuation Date. 
(B) 
In the event that a Variable Interest Payment Date falls 
on a redemption date, the Variable Interest Amount in 
respect of such Variable Interest Payment Date shall be 
zero. 
(C) 
The Calculation Agent will procure that the Variable 
Interest Amounts in respect of each Variable Interest 
Payment Date are notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, the 
Principal Paying Agent, each of the Paying Agents, (in the 
case of Actively Managed Securities) the Portfolio 
Manager and Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the Business Day 
following the relevant Variable Interest Valuation Date. 
(D) 
The Variable Interest Amounts so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice 
in the event of any validly made correction (as calculated 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to the Aggregate 
Reference Portfolio Level which is effective prior to the 
relevant Variable Interest Payment Date. 
(4) 
Scheduled Redemption 
In the event that the Securities become due for redemption, the 
Calculation Agent shall calculate the corresponding Scheduled 
Redemption Amount on the Redemption Determination Date, and

--- Page 231 ---
231 
notify Securityholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
within one Business Day thereof.
(5)  
Early Redemption 
(A) 
In the event that the Calculation Agent makes an Early 
Redemption Determination, it shall no later than two 
Business Days immediately following the date on which it 
makes such Early Redemption Determination, notify the 
Issuer, the Portfolio Manager (in the case of Actively 
Managed Securities), the Counterparty, the Broker, the 
Calculation Agent, the Trustee, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Custodian, the Registrar (if applicable) and the 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) accordingly. 
(B) 
In the event that the Securities become due for 
redemption, the Calculation Agent shall calculate the 
corresponding Early Redemption Amount or Optional 
Redemption Amount, as the case may be, on the 
Redemption 
Determination 
Date, 
and 
notify 
Securityholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) within one Business Day thereof.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
Part B – Definitions relating to Participation Securities 
“Accumulating” means a Fund that has a Form of Distribution other than Distributing.  
“Adjustment Rate” means, in respect of a Notional Synthetic Exposure, a rate equal to the 
percentage of the notional acquisition or disposal costs in connection with such Notional Synthetic 
Exposure, as specified in the Pricing Document.  
“ADTV Period” means the period specified in the Pricing Document. 
“ADTV Threshold” means the threshold specified in the Pricing Document. 
“Aggregate Initial Reference Portfolio Level” means the level specified in the Pricing Document 
representing the aggregate value of: (A) the Initial Reference Portfolio Constituents specified as such 
in the Pricing Document; plus (B) Notional Synthetic Cash Position Level, in each case as of the 
Issue Date (as adjusted pursuant to any reduction or increase in the principal or nominal amount of 
the Securities). 
“Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level” means, at any time an aggregate amount in the Specified 
Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the following: 
(A) 
for each Reference Portfolio Constituent in the Reference Portfolio that is not a Notional 
Synthetic Exposure and does not form part of the Notional Physical Cash Position Level, the 
product of: 
(1) 
the principal amount or notional amount or number of units for such Reference 
Portfolio Constituent in the Reference Portfolio; and 
(2) 
the Reference Price of each such item of a principal amount or notional amount in the 
Specified Currency or each unit of Reference Portfolio Constituent in the Reference 
Portfolio, 
in each case as calculated by the Calculation Agent for each Reference Portfolio Constituent 
at such time for an asset corresponding to such Reference Portfolio Constituent, expressed 
as an aggregate amount in respect of all the Reference Portfolio Constituents in the 
Reference Portfolio; plus 
(B) 
the Notional Synthetic Exposure Mark-To-Market Value; plus 
(C) 
the Notional Physical Cash Position Level, plus 
(D) 
any Pending Reference Portfolio Distribution, 
in each case as at such time and as calculated by the Calculation Agent, and provided that where 
any amount may be taken into account more than once pursuant to the foregoing, such amount shall 
only be taken into account once for the purposes of calculating the Aggregate Reference Portfolio 
Level. 
“Aggregate Reference Portfolio Redemption Level” means an amount in the Specified Currency 
calculated by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the sum of the following: 
(A) 
the Notional Physical Cash Position Level; plus 
(B) 
any Notional Liquidation Amount,  
adjusted for any interest accrued between (i) the Notional Liquidation Period End Date and (ii) the 
Early Redemption Date, the Optional Redemption Date or the Scheduled Maturity Date, as the case 
may be, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Notional Liquidation 
Procedures as of the Redemption Determination Date, and provided that where any amount may be

--- Page 233 ---
233 
taken into account more than once pursuant to the foregoing, such amount shall only be taken into 
account once for the purposes of calculating the Reference Portfolio Redemption Level.
“AIFMD” means Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 
on Alternative Investment Fund Managers and any implementing legislation in an EU Member State 
and any technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance 
or official rules of procedures with respect thereto. 
“Arranger Fee” means (if specified as Applicable in the Pricing Document) a fee specified in such 
Pricing Document due by the Issuer to the Arranger, which shall be deducted from the Aggregate 
Reference Portfolio Level on a pro-rata daily basis as calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
basis of the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level as at the end of the immediately preceding 
Reference Portfolio Calculation Date.  
“Bonds” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, any obligation (excluding an 
obligation under a revolving credit arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings 
in respect of principal) for the payment or repayment of borrowed money (which term shall include, 
without limitation, deposits and reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters 
of credit) in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to a 
term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit agreement), certificated debt 
security or other debt security (other than a Securitised Product), and as specified in the Pricing 
Document. 
“Borrow Rate” means, to the extent relevant in respect of a Notional Synthetic Exposure, a rate 
equal to the percentage of the borrowing costs applicable in connection with such Notional Synthetic 
Exposure, as specified in the Pricing Document. 
“Broker” means either UBS AG, London Branch or UBS Europe SE, as specified in the Pricing 
Document. 
“Broker Fee” means the fee due by the Issuer to the Broker in accordance with, in the case of Actively 
Managed Securities, the Portfolio Management Agreement or, in the case of Dynamic Tracker 
Securities or Static Pass-through Securities, the Valuation and Liquidation Agreement, which in each 
case shall be deducted at the relevant time from the respective Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level 
on each Rebalancing, as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
“Business Day” means, in connection with any payment procedure (i) a day on which Clearstream 
Luxembourg and Euroclear are open for business, (ii) foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
the Specified Currency, and (iii) a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including 
dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the financial centre of the jurisdiction 
of the Calculation Agent, or as otherwise specified in the Pricing Document.  
“Calculation Agent Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks are open for business 
(including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the financial centre of the 
jurisdiction of the Calculation Agent. 
“Calculation Amount” means: 
(A) 
in respect of a Security specified as a Note in the relevant Pricing Document, the principal 
amount outstanding of such Note; and 
(B) 
in respect of a Security specified as a Certificate in the relevant Pricing Document, the 
Notional Amount of such Certificate.  
“Cash” means cash in hand or credit balances or amounts on deposit which are freely transferable. 
“Charged Agreement Termination Event” means an event resulting in the termination (whether 
pursuant to a termination event, event of default or otherwise) of all (but not some only) of the 
Transactions under the Charged Agreement.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
“Charged Assets Tax Event” means if, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the 
Securities, the Calculation Agent calculates that the Issuer, if it held any assets comprised in the 
Reference Portfolio, would be liable to pay or account to any tax authority or otherwise suffer tax in 
respect of income, profits or gains from such assets (other than any withholding or deduction for or 
on account of tax that would be made by the relevant payer from any payment to the Issuer). 
“Commodities” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, one or more of the 
commodities specified in the Pricing Document. 
“Concentration” means the minimum number (where number is determined by reference to a 
separate ISIN or equivalent securities identifier) of Bonds and/or the maximum number of Bonds, as 
specified in the Pricing Document, that can be comprised in the Reference Portfolio which have been 
issued by the issuer of such Bonds and by any entity belonging to the same group of such issuer. 
“Constituent Investment Universe Criteria” means each criterion applicable to a Reference 
Portfolio Investment Universe, as specified as being “Applicable” in the Pricing Document.  
“Country” means, in respect of the country of incorporation of the issuer or obligor of a Reference 
Portfolio Constituent, the country or countries (including categories or groups of countries such as 
emerging markets), in each case as specified as such in the Pricing Document. 
“Credit Default Swaps” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, any derivatives 
contract in which a seller sells credit protection to  a buyer in respect of specified credit events  relating 
to a specified  reference entity and obligations issued by such reference entity, provided that such 
reference entity and such obligations comply with the Constituent Investment Universe Criteria 
specified as Applicable with respect to Bonds. 
“Derivatives” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, any Options, Forwards, 
Futures, Credit Default Swaps or Interest Rate Swaps relating to one or more underlying assets which 
are comprised in one or more Reference Portfolio Investment Universes, as specified in the Pricing 
Document.  
“Disrupted Day” means any day on which, in relation to a Reference Portfolio Constituent and a 
Scheduled Valuation Date, (a) a Market Disruption has occurred and / or (b) a Reference Price is not 
available, and/or (c) it is not otherwise possible or practical to value, liquidate and/or realise the 
Reference Portfolio Constituent for the purposes of the Participation Securities Conditions. 
“Distributing” means any Fund that makes distributions to its unit holders of income it receives on 
its holdings and/or assets.  
“Distribution Fee” means the fee specified in the relevant Pricing Document due by the Issuer to 
any distributor appointed in connection with the offering, selling or recommending of the Securities. 
“Dodd-Frank” means the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the 
adoption of any law, regulation or rule related thereto. 
“Domestic” means, with respect to a Reference Portfolio Constituent, that such Reference Portfolio 
Constituent is issued and traded primarily within the internal market of the country of the issuer or 
obligor of such Reference Portfolio Constituent and denominated in the currency of that country. 
“Early Redemption Date” means the day which falls five Business Days (or such other number of 
Business Days specified in the Pricing Document) after the Notional Liquidation Period End Date.  
“Early Redemption Determination” means a determination by the Calculation Agent that an Early 
Redemption Event has occurred.  
“Early Redemption Event” means each or any of the following events (to the extent that such events 
are specified as Applicable in the relevant Pricing Document): 
(A) 
a Charged Agreement Termination Event;

--- Page 235 ---
235 
(B) 
a Portfolio Manager Default Event (in the case of Actively Managed Securities); 
(C) 
a Portfolio Manager Termination Event (in the case of Actively Managed Securities); 
(D) 
a Stop Loss Event; 
(E) 
a Selling Restriction Breach; 
(F) 
an Administrator / Benchmark Event; 
(G) 
a Regulatory Event; 
(H) 
a Securities Tax Event;  
(I) 
a Charged Assets Tax Event; and / or  
(J) 
a Threshold Event. 
“Early Redemption Notional Liquidation Period Start Date” means the Calculation Agent 
Business Day immediately following the date of an Early Redemption Determination, or such other 
number of Calculation Agent Business Days following the Early Redemption Determination as 
specified in the Pricing Document (subject to Participation Securities Condition 8 (Disrupted Days)). 
“Eligible Currency” means, in respect of the currency in which a Reference Portfolio Constituent is 
denominated, the currency or currencies specified in the Pricing Document.
“EMIR” means the Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and the Council of 4 
July 2012 on OTC Derivatives, Central Counterparties and Trade Repositories and any technical 
guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules of 
procedures with respect thereto. 
“EMIR Event” means the Charged Agreement: 
(A) 
is required to be cleared through a central clearing counterparty (a “CCP”) and such 
requirement was not applicable as at the Issue Date; and/or 
(B) 
is not required to be cleared through a CCP but, as a consequence of being party to the 
Charged Agreement, the Issuer or the Counterparty becomes the subject of risk mitigation 
provisions or trade reporting obligations which result in increased costs or fees for either 
party including (without limitation) (x) the imposition on either party of capital charges 
requirements (howsoever defined) greater than the capital charges requirements (if any) 
applicable at the Issue Date (as certified by either party, as relevant) and/or (y) the 
requirement for either party to transfer collateral or any form of initial or variation margin in 
respect of the Charged Agreement in addition to that (if any) contemplated by the terms of 
the Charged Agreement on the Issue Date, 
in each case as a consequence of EMIR. 
“Equities” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, shares and other transferable 
securities equivalent to shares in companies, as well as any other type of transferable securities 
giving the right to acquire any of the aforementioned securities as a consequence of their being 
converted or the rights conferred by them being exercised (provided that securities of the latter type 
are issued by the issuer of the underlying shares or by an entity belonging to the group of the said 
issuer) and as specified in the relevant Pricing Document.
“Fee” means (to the extent specified as Applicable in the Pricing Document) any Arranger Fee, 
Portfolio Manager Fee, Portfolio Manager Performance Fee, Distribution Fee, Broker Fee, in each 
case in the relevant rates or percentages specified in the relevant Pricing Document.

--- Page 236 ---
236 
“Final Scheduled Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the Pricing Document.  
“Financing Rate” means, to the extent relevant in respect of a Notional Synthetic Exposure, an 
amount equal to the applicable financing costs in connection with such Notional Synthetic Exposure, 
as specified in the Pricing Document. 
“Fixed Income Notional Liquidation Process” means, with respect to Dynamic Tracker Securities 
that have Bonds and/or Securitised Products as part of the Reference Portfolio, that such Bonds 
and/or Securitised Products shall be notionally liquidated under the Notional Liquidation Process 
either by reference to a notional auction process or by reference to notional limit orders, as specified 
in the Pricing Document. 
“Fixed Interest Amount” means, in respect of a Security, the product of: 
(A) 
the Calculation Amount; and 
(B) 
the Fixed Interest Amount Percentage; and 
(C) 
the Day Count Fraction. 
“Fixed Interest Amount Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the Pricing 
Document. 
“Foreign Exchange” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent: 
(A) 
cash denominated in (or synthetic exposure to cash denominated in) a currency other 
than the Specified Currency, as specified in the Pricing Document; and/or 
(B) 
any derivatives contract obligating a buyer to purchase an underlying currency or a seller to 
sell an underlying currency at a predetermined future date and price, which is either entered 
solely for speculative purposes (“Speculative Only”), solely for hedging purposes (“Hedging 
Only”) or for hedging and/or speculative purposes (“Hedging and Speculative”), in each case 
as specified in the Pricing Document.  
“Foreign Exchange Charge” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent that is Foreign 
Exchange, an amount or percentage as specified in the Pricing Document (and which is 
representative of the foreign exchange costs applicable in connection with such Notional Synthetic 
Exposure). 
“Form of Distribution” means, in respect of any Fund, either Distributing or Accumulating, as 
specified in the Pricing Document. 
“Forwards” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, any derivatives contract 
obligating a buyer to purchase an underlying currency or a seller to sell an underlying currency at a 
predetermined future date and price, provided that such underlying currency complies with the 
Constituent Investment Universe Criteria specified as applicable with respect to Foreign Exchange. 
“Funds” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, any unit, share or other interest in a 
fund of any nature (including, but not limited to, exchange traded funds), and as specified in the 
Pricing Document. 
“FundSettle” means the FundSettle platform of Euroclear. 
“FundSettle Eligibility” means, in respect of any Fund and to the extent specified as Applicable in 
the Pricing Document, that the Custodian and Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") have the 
functionalities to allow the integrated processing of subscriptions and redemptions of the Fund 
pursuant to which execution orders by or on behalf of the Issuer are placed on FundSettle with the 
settlement of such orders recorded by the Custodian.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
“Futures” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, any exchange traded derivatives 
contract obligating a buyer to purchase an underlying asset or a seller to sell an underlying asset at 
a predetermined future date and price, provided that such underlying asset complies with the 
Constituent Investment Universe Criteria specified as Applicable with respect to Equities, Bonds, 
Commodities and/or Foreign Exchange. 
“FX Disruption Event” means (i) an event that generally makes it illegal, impossible, impractical or 
inadvisable to convert one unit of the currency in which any Reference Portfolio Constituent is 
denominated (the “Denomination Currency”) into the Specified Currency, or an event that generally 
makes it impossible to deliver the Specified Currency from accounts in which they are held to 
accounts outside of the jurisdiction of the Denomination Currency; or (ii) the general unavailability to 
exchange the Specified Currency at a spot rate (applicable to the purchase of the Specified Currency 
for the Denomination Currency) in any legal currency exchange market in the principal financial 
centre for the Denomination Currency, if the occurrence of any such events is material. 
“Gross Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level” means, on the Issue Date, the Aggregate Initial 
Reference Portfolio Level and, on each Reference Portfolio Calculation Date thereafter, the 
Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level as of the immediately preceding Reference Portfolio Calculation 
Date, as adjusted for the performance of the Reference Portfolio on such Reference Portfolio 
Calculation Date, net of the Portfolio Manager Fee, the Arranger Fee, the Broker Fee and the 
Distribution Fee, if any, accrued on such Reference Portfolio Calculation Date, but before the 
deduction of the Portfolio Manager Performance Fee, if any, accrued on such Reference Portfolio 
Calculation Date. 
“Hedging Portfolio Liquidation Procedures” means the procedures in relation to the liquidation of 
the Hedging Portfolio as described in the Base Prospectus and (a) in the case of Actively Managed 
Securities, specified in the Portfolio Management Agreement, and (b) in the case of Dynamic Tracker 
Securities and Static Pass-through Securities, specified in the Valuation and Liquidation Agreement. 
“Hedging Proceeds” means, in respect of a Security, such Security’s pro rata share (calculated by 
reference to that Security’s Calculation Amount) of:  
(A) 
an amount in the Specified Currency calculated by the Calculation Agent corresponding to 
the actual liquidation proceeds received by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the sale, 
transfer, disposal or liquidation of the Hedging Portfolio (or part thereof) in accordance with 
the Hedging Portfolio Liquidation Procedures, together with any cash in the Cash Account; 
less 
(B) 
any Realisation Costs. 
“High Water Mark Level” means, on the Issue Date, the percentage (if any) specified as such in the 
Pricing Document and, on each Reference Portfolio Calculation Date thereafter, the greater of the 
High Water Mark Level determined on the immediately preceding Reference Portfolio Calculation 
Date and the Gross Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level on such Reference Portfolio Calculation 
Date. 
“Index” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, the index or indices specified as such 
in the Pricing Document in respect of which the Reference Portfolio Constituent must be listed. 
“Index Component” means a Reference Portfolio Constituent which is comprised in the Source 
Index specified in the Pricing Document. 
“Indicative Price” means, in respect of all Bonds or Securitised Products in the Reference Portfolio: 
(A) 
where “Bid Price” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Pricing Document, the then 
prevailing indicative bid price of such Bonds or Securitised Products; or 
(B) 
where “Mid Price” is specified as Applicable in the relevant Pricing Document, the then 
prevailing indicative mid-market price of such Bonds or Securitised Products.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
“Initial Reference Portfolio” means the aggregate of the Initial Reference Portfolio Constituents in 
the relevant principal amounts or numbers specified in the Pricing Document. 
“Initial Reference Portfolio Constituents” means the Reference Portfolio Constituents comprising 
the Reference Portfolio as of the Issue Date, as specified in the Pricing Document, and which comply 
with the Non-Exempt Offer Reference Portfolio Requirements (if specified as Applicable in the Pricing 
Document). 
“Interest Amount” has the meaning given to it in Participation Securities Condition 1 (Interest). 
“Interest Rate Swaps” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, any derivatives 
contract where the parties to such contract exchange interest rate payments calculated over a 
specified notional amount, provided that such derivatives contract complies with the Constituent 
Investment Universe Criteria specified as Applicable with respect to Foreign Exchange or Cash. 
“International” means, with respect to a Reference Portfolio Constituent, any such Reference 
Portfolio Constituent that is not “Domestic” and that is cleared and/or settled on Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or on the Depository Trust Company. 
“Intra-Month Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrike” means a Notional Synthetic Exposure 
Restrike pursuant to Clause 5.3(A) (Intra-Month Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrike) of the 
Portfolio Management Agreement. 
“Leverage” means, with respect to the Rebalancing Conditions, the amount or level of leverage 
specified in the Pricing Document relating to the limit of exposure to the Reference Portfolio 
Constituents that must be maintained with respect to the Reference Portfolio. 
“Liquidity Source” means the source specified as such in the Pricing Document.  
“Listing” means, with respect to any Reference Portfolio Constituent, if specified as Applicable in the 
Pricing Document, that such Reference Portfolio Constituent shall be listed on an exchange.  
“Long” means, if specified as Applicable in the Pricing Document and in respect of each Reference 
Portfolio Constituent, a long exposure of the Notional Investor to each such Reference Portfolio 
Constituent. . 
“Mark-to-Market Determination Date” means, in respect of the Notional Synthetic Exposures in the 
Reference Portfolio, the date on which a Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrike occurs pursuant to an 
Intra-Month Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrike or a Monthly Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrike.
“Market Disruption” means, in relation to a Reference Portfolio Constituent, the occurrence or 
existence on any day of any one or more of the following events as determined by the Calculation 
Agent:
(A) 
a limitation, suspension, or disruption of trading in one or more of the Reference Portfolio 
Constituents imposed on trading by the exchange or the exchanges (as applicable) where 
such Reference Portfolio Constituents are listed and/or traded (each, an “Exchange”) or the 
Related Exchange;  
(B) 
the closing or settlement price for any Reference Portfolio Constituent (or component of any 
Reference Portfolio Constituent) for a day has increased or decreased from the previous 
day’s closing price by the maximum amount permitted under applicable rules of an Exchange 
or the Related Exchange; 
(C) 
failure by the applicable Exchange, Related Exchange or other price source, as applicable, 
to announce or publish the closing or settlement price in respect of any Reference Portfolio 
Constituent (or component of any Reference Portfolio Constituent); 
(D) 
an Exchange or the Related Exchange in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent fails 
to open for trading during its regular trading session;

--- Page 239 ---
239 
(E) 
the closure on any Reference Portfolio Constituent Business Day of any Exchange or 
Related Exchange in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, prior to its scheduled 
closing time; 
(F) 
any event (other than an early closure as described above) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
the ability of market participants in general to effect transactions in, or obtain market values 
for any Reference Portfolio Constituent (or component of any Reference Portfolio 
Constituent); or 
(G) 
an FX Disruption Event occurs.  
“Master Valuation and Liquidation Terms” means the master terms document (the edition of which 
will be specified in the Constituting Instrument) pursuant to which the procedures in relation to 
rebalancing, valuation and liquidation for Dynamic Tracker Securities and Static Pass-through 
Securities will be set out.
“Maturity Notional Liquidation Period Start Date” means the date which falls 25 Calculation Agent 
Business Days prior to (and including) the Scheduled Maturity Date, or such other date specified as 
such in the Pricing Document, subject to (a) adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention, (b) extension pursuant to the Participation Securities Conditions, and (c) Participation 
Securities Condition 8 (Disrupted Days). 
“Maximum Fund Rebalancing Level” means, in respect of a Rebalancing Notice, the maximum 
number of units, maximum amount or maximum percentage (as specified in the Pricing Document) 
of Funds to be notionally added to the Reference Portfolio in the Rebalancing to which such 
Rebalancing Notice relates. 
"Maximum Percentage" means, where Intra-Month Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrike is 
specified as Applicable in the Pricing Document, the maximum percentage specified in the Pricing 
Document. 
“Maximum Permitted Extension Period” means the period specified as such in the Pricing 
Document. 
“Minimum Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level” means, if specified as Applicable in the Pricing 
Document, the amount specified as such in the Pricing Document. 
“Minimum AuM” means, in respect of any Fund, the minimum assets under management relating to 
such Fund, as specified in the Pricing Document. 
“Minimum Hedging Portfolio Cash Level” means the amount or percentage specified as such in 
the Pricing Document. 
“Minimum Liquidity” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, on the Reference 
Portfolio Constituent Business Day immediately prior to such Reference Portfolio Constituent 
comprising part of the Reference Portfolio, the average daily traded volume (as measured by the 
Liquidity Source) during the ADTV Period ending on such Reference Portfolio Constituent Business 
Day is equal to or greater than the ADTV Threshold, or as otherwise specified in the Pricing 
Document. 
“Minimum Market Capitalisation” means, in respect of the issuer or obligor of a Reference Portfolio 
Constituent, the aggregate market capitalisation of the issuer or obligor of such Reference Portfolio 
Constituent, as specified in the Pricing Document. 
“Minimum Notional Physical Cash Position Level” means the amount or percentage specified as 
such in the Pricing Document. 
“Minimum Principal Amount Outstanding” means, with respect to any Reference Portfolio 
Constituent, the minimum principal amount outstanding with respect to such Reference Portfolio

--- Page 240 ---
240 
Constituent specified in the Pricing Document.  
“Minimum Redemption Amount” means, in respect of a Security, the amount or percentage of the 
Aggregate Initial Reference Portfolio Level specified as such in the Pricing Document. 
“Minimum Track Record” means, in respect of any Fund, the minimum period of time for which the 
Fund has been constituted and publishing a net asset value, as specified in the Pricing Document. 
“Monthly Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrike” means a Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrike 
pursuant to Clause 5.3(B) (Monthly Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrike) of the Portfolio 
Management Agreement. 
“Non-Exempt Offer Reference Portfolio Requirements” means:  
(A) 
in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, the proposed Reference Portfolio 
Constituent, and the obligor in respect of such Reference Portfolio Constituent, shall either:  
(1) 
represent less than 20 per cent of the Reference Portfolio; or  
(2) 
the obligor in respect of such Reference Portfolio Constituent shall have securities 
already admitted to trading on a regulated market or an equivalent third country 
market; and 
in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent: 
(a) 
the Reference Portfolio (taking into account such Reference Portfolio 
Constituent) shall comprise of more than 5 obligors or more than 5 
guarantors, and each Reference Portfolio Constituent in respect of a single 
obligor or guarantor shall account for less than 20 per cent. of such 
Reference Portfolio; or  
(b) 
an obligor or guarantor in respect of such Reference Portfolio Constituent 
has securities already admitted to trading on a regulated or equivalent third 
country market; and 
where the Reference Portfolio shall comprise equity securities, such that such equity 
securities would comprise more than ten per cent. of the Reference Portfolio, such equity 
securities are traded on a regulated or equivalent third country market. 
“Notional Cash Accrual Amounts” means an amount equal to the sum of: 
(A) 
any accrued Fees which are at such time, or will be, notionally due and payable from the 
Reference Cash Portfolio but remain notionally unpaid, the sum of which shall be expressed 
as a negative number;  
(B) 
any accrued amounts which are at such time, or will be, notionally due and payable to the 
Custodian pursuant to any Notional Custodian Funding Advance, the sum of which shall be 
expressed as a negative number;  
(C) 
any amount due and payable (but not yet paid) in respect of the purchase, entry into or 
adjustment to the notional amount of a Reference Portfolio Constituent which is not a 
Notional Synthetic Exposure to be added into the Reference Portfolio, the sum of which shall 
be expressed as a negative number; 
(D) 
any amount receivable (but not yet received) in respect of the sale, redemption, termination 
or unwind of a Reference Portfolio Constituent which is not a Notional Synthetic Exposure to 
be removed from the Reference Portfolio, the sum of which shall be expressed as a positive 
number;

--- Page 241 ---
241 
(E) 
any amount payable (but not yet paid), the sum of which shall be expressed as a negative 
number, or any amount receivable (but not yet received), the sum of which shall be 
expressed as a positive number, in respect of Intra-Month Notional Synthetic Exposure 
Restrikes and Monthly Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrikes; and 
(F) 
any accrued (but unpaid) Fixed Interest Amount or Variable Interest Amount which are at 
such time notionally due and payable to the Securityholders, the sum of which shall be 
expressed as a negative number. 
“Notional Investor” means a notional investor (in the same position as the Issuer) in the Reference 
Portfolio or a Reference Portfolio Constituent, as the case may be. 
“Notional Liquidation Amount” means a notional holding of cash in the Specified Currency and 
which is calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Notional Liquidation Procedures, 
representing the aggregate of the notional proceeds of all notional sales, liquidations, disposals 
and/or unwinds of Reference Portfolio Constituents in respect of the Notional Liquidation Period, less: 
(A) 
any costs that would be incurred in connection with such notional sale, liquidation, disposal 
and/or unwind of the Reference Portfolio Constituents by the Broker, the Issuer or any third 
party; 
(B) 
any stamp duty, taxes or fees incurred in connection with any such notional sale, liquidation, 
disposal and/or unwind; and 
(C) 
any negative interest accrued in respect of such notional holding of cash; 
(on the basis that each such Reference Portfolio Constituent was actually so sold, liquidated, 
disposed and/or unwound by a Notional Investor), provided that if any Reference Portfolio Constituent 
is not notionally liquidated, disposed of or unwound, or is subject to Sanctions, during the Notional 
Liquidation Period, then the net sale, liquidation, disposal and/or unwind proceeds of such Reference 
Portfolio Constituent shall be deemed to be the lower of zero and the negative market value of such 
net sale, liquidation, disposal and/or unwind proceeds. 
“Notional Liquidation Period” means (unless otherwise specified in the Pricing Document): 
(A) 
with respect to Participation Securities Condition 2 (Scheduled Redemption), the period from 
the Maturity Notional Liquidation Period Start Date to the Notional Liquidation Period End 
Date; 
(B) 
with respect to Participation Securities Condition 3 (Early Redemption), the period from the 
first Early Redemption Notional Liquidation Period Start Date to the Notional Liquidation 
Period End Date; or 
(C) 
with respect to Participation Securities Condition 4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
and Participation Securities Condition 5 (Redemption at the option of the Securityholders), 
the period from the Optional Redemption Notional Liquidation Period Start Date to the 
Notional Liquidation Period End Date.  
“Notional Liquidation Period End Date” means: 
(A) 
with respect to a scheduled redemption of the Securities pursuant to Participation Securities 
Condition 2 (Scheduled Redemption), 20 Calculation Agent Business Days from (and 
including) the Maturity Notional Liquidation Period Start Date; or 
(B) 
with respect to an early redemption or an optional redemption of the Securities pursuant to 
Participation Securities Condition 3 (Early Redemption), Participation Securities Condition 4 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Participation Securities Condition 5 (Redemption at 
the option of the Securityholders) and Participation Securities Condition 6(5) (Maturity Date 
Extension), the earlier of:

--- Page 242 ---
242 
(1) 
20 Calculation Agent Business Days from (and including) the Early Redemption 
Notional Liquidation Period Start Date or the Optional Redemption Notional 
Liquidation Period Start Date (as applicable); or 
(2) 
the day on which (i) the Notional Liquidation Procedures have been implemented in 
full, or, if later (ii) the Hedging Portfolio Liquidation Procedures have been 
implemented in full. 
“Notional Liquidation Procedures” means the procedures in relation to the notional liquidation of 
the Reference Portfolio as described in the Base Prospectus and (a) in the case of Actively Managed 
Securities, specified in the Portfolio Management Agreement, and (b) in the case of Dynamic Tracker 
Securities and Static Pass-through Securities, specified in the Valuation and Liquidation Agreement. 
“Notional Physical Cash Position Level” means, at any time, a notional holding of cash which is 
calculated as the sum of the Reference Cash Portfolio and any Notional Cash Accrual Amounts.  
“Notional Synthetic Cash Position” means an amount equal to: 
(A) 
the notional synthetic cash position in relation to all Reference Portfolio Constituents that are 
Derivatives, Indices, or short positions in respect of Eligible Constituents identified as such 
by the Portfolio Manager, which increases or decreases or resets to zero following debits or 
credits in accordance with Clause 5.3 (Automatic Notional Synthetic Exposure Provisions) of 
the Portfolio Management Agreement; less 
(B) 
any deductions made as a result of the application of any Adjustment Rate, Borrow Rate, 
Financing Rate and/or Foreign Exchange Charge (as applicable); less 
(C) 
the aggregate of the Notional Funded Amounts notionally lent by the Counterparty in the 
Reference Portfolio and which remain notionally outstanding (including any notional interest 
or any other notional amounts or payments notionally due or accrued to the Counterparty 
thereon),
provided that where any amount may be taken into account more than once pursuant to the foregoing, 
such amount shall only be taken into account once for the purposes of calculating the Notional 
Synthetic Cash Position Level.
“Notional Synthetic Cash Position Level” means, at any time, the value of the Notional Synthetic 
Cash Position at such time. 
“Notional Synthetic Exposure” means, in respect of the Reference Portfolio, each Reference 
Portfolio Constituent that is a Derivative, an Index, a short position in respect of an Eligible 
Constituent, a Notional FX Forward and/or a Notional Synthetic Cash Position. 
“Notional Synthetic Exposure Mark-To-Market Value” means, in respect of all Notional Synthetic 
Exposures in the Reference Portfolio on any Reference Portfolio Calculation Date, the aggregate 
notional mark-to-market value of all such Notional Synthetic Exposures on such day calculated by 
reference to the aggregate notional mark-to-market value of such Notional Synthetic Exposures on 
such Reference Portfolio Calculation Date relative to the aggregate notional mark-to-market value of 
such Notional Synthetic Exposures as of the immediately preceding Mark-to-Market Determination 
Date for such Notional Synthetic Exposures (or, where there is no immediately preceding Mark-To-
Market Determination Date, the date on which the Notional Synthetic Exposures were notionally 
added to the Reference Portfolio), which may be positive or negative.
“Optional Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Participation Securities Conditions 
4 and 5. 
“Optional Redemption Date” means the date which falls five Business Days (or such other number 
of Business Days specified in the Pricing Document) after the Notional Liquidation Period End Date. 
“Optional Redemption Notional Liquidation Period Start Date” means the Calculation Agent

--- Page 243 ---
243 
Business Day immediately following the date on which the Issuer in accordance with Participation 
Securities Condition 4 or the Securityholders in accordance with Participation Securities Condition 5 
or 6(5), as the case may be, give notice to redeem the Securities, subject to Participation Securities 
Condition 8 (Disrupted Days). 
“Options” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, any OTC or listed derivatives 
contract which gives the buyer (the owner or holder of the option) the right, but not the obligation, to 
buy or sell an underlying asset at a specified strike price prior to or on a specified date, provided that 
such underlying asset complies with the Constituent Investment Universe Criteria for Equities, Bonds, 
Foreign Exchange, Commodities and/or Derivatives which are Futures. 
“Pending Reference Portfolio Distribution” means, in respect of any Reference Portfolio 
Constituent, any net amount of interest or distributions or other net cash amounts (declared but not 
yet paid) that a Notional Investor would receive if it actually held such Reference Portfolio Constituent. 
“Physical Replication” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, a Reference Portfolio 
Constituent which replicates the exposure to an asset or asset(s) through the physical holding of 
such asset. 
“Portfolio Management Agreement” means the portfolio management agreement under the terms 
of the Master Portfolio Management Terms and constituted by the Constituting Instrument and 
between, amongst others, the Portfolio Manager and the Issuer. 
“Portfolio Manager” means the entity specified as such in the Pricing Document or any successor 
thereto (provided that, notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, references herein to the 
Portfolio Manager shall be disregarded prior to its appointment pursuant to the Portfolio Management 
Agreement). 
“Portfolio Manager Capacity Notice” means a notice given by the Portfolio Manager to the Issuer 
under the Portfolio Management Agreement notifying the Issuer of any change in the Portfolio 
Manager’s business or operations such that, as a result of such change, the Portfolio Manager may 
no longer have the capacity or the competence to perform its obligations as Portfolio Manager under 
the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
“Portfolio Manager Default Event” means the occurrence of any of the following events or 
circumstances: 
(A) 
wilful violation or material breach by the Portfolio Manager of any obligation by which it is 
bound under or pursuant to the Portfolio Management Agreement; 
(B) 
wilful violation or material breach by the Portfolio Manager of any material provision of the 
Portfolio Management Agreement and failure to cure such violation within 30 days of it 
becoming aware of, or it receiving notice of, such violation; 
(C) 
the Portfolio Manager is wound up or dissolved, or there is appointed over it or a substantial 
part of its assets, a receiver, trustee or similar officer; or the Portfolio Manager (i) ceases to 
be able to, or admits in writing that it is unable to, pay its debts as they become due and 
payable, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or 
arrangement with, its creditors generally; (ii) applies for or consents (by admission of material 
allegations of a petition or otherwise) to the appointment of a receiver, custodian, trustee or 
other similar official of the Portfolio Manager or of substantially all of its properties or assets, 
or authorises such an application or consent, or proceedings seeking such appointment are 
commenced against the Portfolio Manager without such authorisation, consent or application 
and either continue undismissed for 60 days or any such appointment is ordered by a court 
or regulatory body having jurisdiction; (iii) authorises or files a voluntary petition in 
bankruptcy, or applies for or consents (by admission of material allegations of a petition or 
otherwise) to the application of any bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement, readjustment 
of debt, insolvency, dissolution, or similar law (except a voluntary liquidation for the purpose 
of reconstruction or amalgamation upon terms previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Securityholders), or authorises such application or consent, or proceedings to

--- Page 244 ---
244 
such end are instituted against the Portfolio Manager without such authorisation, application 
or consent and remain undismissed for 60 days or result in adjudication of bankruptcy or 
insolvency or the issuance of an order for relief; (iv) permits or suffers all or substantially all 
of its property or assets to be sequestered or attached by court order and the order (if 
contested in good faith) remains undismissed for 60 days; or (v) causes or is subject to any 
event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous 
effect to any of the events specified in (i) to (iv); 
(D) 
the Portfolio Manager is convicted of any criminal offence; 
(E) 
the Portfolio Manager ceasing to be authorised to act as such under any applicable laws; 
(F) 
the Portfolio Manager consolidates or amalgamates with or merges with or into, or transfers 
substantially all of its assets to another person and at the time of such consolidation, 
amalgamation, merger or transfer, the resulting, surviving or transferee person fails to 
assume all of the obligations of the Portfolio Manager under the Portfolio Management 
Agreement by operation of law or pursuant to an agreement reasonably satisfactory to the 
other parties thereto; or 
(G) 
if specified as Applicable in the Pricing Document, there has been a change to the key 
personnel, as of the Issue Date and as described in the Base Prospectus, of the Portfolio 
Manager. 
“Portfolio Manager Fee” means, in the case of Actively Managed Securities, the fee specified in the 
relevant Pricing Document due by the Issuer to the Portfolio Manager in accordance with the Portfolio 
Management Agreement, which shall be deducted on a pro rata daily basis from the Aggregate 
Reference Portfolio Level as at the end of the immediately preceding Reference Portfolio Calculation 
Date as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the Portfolio Management 
Agreement.  
“Portfolio Manager Performance Fee” means, in the case of Actively Managed Securities, the 
performance fee specified in the relevant Pricing Document due by the Issuer to the Portfolio 
Manager in accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement in an amount equal to the Portfolio 
Manager Performance Fee Amount. 
“Portfolio Manager Performance Fee Amount” means, in the case of Actively Managed Securities, 
on any Reference Portfolio Calculation Date, an amount equal to the percentage (as specified in the 
Pricing Document) of the positive difference, if any, between the Gross Aggregate Reference 
Portfolio Level as of such date and the High Water Mark Level as of the immediately preceding 
Reference Portfolio Calculation Date, in each case, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
“Portfolio Manager Termination Event” means, in the case of Actively Managed Securities, the 
occurrence of any of the following events or circumstances: 
(A) 
following its appointment as such, the Portfolio Manager notifies the Issuer of its intention to 
resign as Portfolio Manager in accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement or 
otherwise ceases to be or to act in such capacity in respect of the Securities as provided in 
the Portfolio Management Agreement;  
(B) 
following delivery by the Portfolio Manager of a Portfolio Manager Capacity Notice; or  
(C) 
following the appointment of the Portfolio Manager, the Issuer has elected to terminate the 
appointment of the Portfolio Manager under the Portfolio Management Agreement. 
“Rating” means, with respect to any Reference Portfolio Constituent, the minimum rating that may 
be attributed to such Reference Portfolio Constituent by a Rating Agency, as specified in the Pricing 
Document. 
“Realisation Costs” means, in respect of a Security, such Security’s pro rata share (calculated by

--- Page 245 ---
245 
reference to such Security’s Calculation Amount) of: 
(A) 
any costs, expenses and taxes that the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Portfolio Manager 
(in the case of Actively Managed Securities), the Broker and/or any other agent acting on 
behalf of the Issuer, incurs in respect of the related sale, transfer, disposal or liquidation of 
the Charged Assets in accordance with the Hedging Portfolio Liquidation Procedures; 
(B) 
all costs, expenses and taxes incurred by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and/or any other 
agent of the Issuer in connection with the redemption of the Securities in respect of the 
relevant redemption event; and 
(C) 
any Fees which are due and payable but remain unpaid, 
in each case, as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
“Rebalancing” means a rebalancing of the Reference Portfolio in accordance with the Rebalancing 
Procedures which (to the extent specified as Applicable in the Pricing Document) comply with the 
Non-Exempt Offer Reference Portfolio Requirements. 
“Rebalancing Conditions” means the conditions applicable with respect to a Rebalancing which (i) 
in the case of Actively Managed Securities, are set out in the Portfolio Management Agreement and 
(ii) in respect of the Dynamic Tracker Securities, are set out in the Valuation and Liquidation 
Agreement, and as specified in the Pricing Document.  
“Rebalancing Procedures” means the rebalancing procedures in respect of the Reference Portfolio 
pursuant to which the composition of the Reference Portfolio can be changed, as described in the 
Base Prospectus and which (i) in the case of Actively Managed Securities, is set out in the Portfolio 
Management Agreement and (ii) in respect of the Dynamic Tracker Securities, is set out in the 
Valuation and Liquidation Agreement. 
“Redemption Determination Date” means the Calculation Agent Business Day following the day on 
which the (i) the Notional Liquidation Procedures have been implemented in full or (ii) if later, the 
Hedging Portfolio Liquidation Procedures have been implemented in full. For these purposes, in the 
event that the Notional Liquidation Procedures and/or the Hedging Portfolio Liquidation Procedures 
have not been implemented in full before the 20th Calculation Agent Business Days from (and 
including) the Maturity Notional Liquidation Period Start Date, the Early Redemption Notional 
Liquidation Period Start Date or the Optional Redemption Notional Liquidation Period Start Date (as 
applicable), then on the 20th Calculation Agent Business Days from (and including) the Maturity 
Notional Liquidation Period Start Date, the Early Redemption Notional Liquidation Period Start Date 
or the Optional Redemption Notional Liquidation Period Start Date (as applicable) such Notional 
Liquidation Procedures and such Hedging Portfolio Liquidation Procedures shall be deemed to have 
been implemented in full.   
“Reference Cash Portfolio” means, at any time, the notional holding of cash in the Reference 
Portfolio at such time as calculated in accordance with the Valuation Procedures which represents 
the sum of (without double counting): 
(A) 
an amount equal to the net issue proceeds of the Securities; plus 
(B) 
any credit to the Notional Physical Cash Position Level applicable in respect of any notional 
sale, redemption, termination or adjustment of a Reference Portfolio Constituent from the 
Reference Portfolio; minus 
(C) 
any debit to the Notional Physical Cash Position Level applicable in respect of any notional 
purchase, entry into, termination or adjustment of a Reference Portfolio Constituent in or into 
the Reference Portfolio; plus 
(D) 
any Notional Funded Amounts notionally lent by the Counterparty to the Issuer in the 
Reference Portfolio or any Notional Custodian Funding Advance notionally lent by a notional

--- Page 246 ---
246 
custodian to the Issuer in the Reference Portfolio and, in each case, credited to the Notional 
Physical Cash Position Level;  minus 
(E) 
any notional repayments of principal, notional payments of interest or other amounts 
notionally paid, in each case by the Issuer to the Counterparty or any notional custodian in 
respect of a Notional Funded Amount or a Notional Custodian Funding Advance and, in each 
case, debited from the Notional Physical Cash Position Level; plus 
(F) 
any amount credited to Notional Physical Cash Position Level in respect of Intra-Month 
Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrikes and/or Monthly Notional Synthetic Exposure 
Restrikes; minus 
(G) 
any amount debited from the Notional Physical Cash Position Level in respect of Intra-Month 
Notional Synthetic Exposure Restrikes and/or Monthly Notional Synthetic Exposure 
Restrikes; minus 
(H) 
any Fees or Notional Transaction Costs debited from the Notional Physical Cash Position 
Level; minus 
(I) 
any Fixed Interest Amount or Variable Interest Amount in respect of the Securities debited 
from the Notional Physical Cash Position Level; plus 
(J) 
any other amounts credited to the Notional Physical Cash Position Level (other than Notional 
Cash Accrual Amounts); minus 
(K) 
any other amounts debited from the Notional Physical Cash Position Level (other than 
Notional Cash Accrual Amounts); plus 
(L) 
any Reference Portfolio Distribution; plus 
(M) 
any notional interest (which may be positive or negative) notionally accrued on any such 
notional holding of cash in the Reference Portfolio. 
“Reference Portfolio” means, at any time, all of the Initial Reference Portfolio Constituents, subject 
to any Rebalancings effected in accordance with the Rebalancing Procedures.  
“Reference Portfolio Calculation Date” means any week day on which the Aggregate Reference 
Portfolio Level is required to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, subject to Participation Securities 
Condition 8 (Disrupted Days). 
“Reference Portfolio Constituent” means any securities, assets, exposures or contracts comprising 
part of the Reference Portfolio, as determined in accordance with the Rebalancing Procedures and 
which fall within: 
(A) 
a Reference Portfolio Investment Universe; and 
(B) 
the applicable Constituent Investment Universe Criteria, 
each as specified in the Pricing Document and as automatically adjusted from time to time in 
accordance with standard market protocol as applied by UBS AG, London Branch as a market 
participant in respect of corresponding hedging positions, as calculated by the Calculation Agent. 
“Reference Portfolio Constituent Business Day” means any day: 
(A) 
on which, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent, it is possible or practical for a 
Notional Investor in the same position as the Issuer to enter into transactions with respect to 
such Reference Portfolio Constituent; and 
(B) 
is a Calculation Agent Business Day.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
“Reference Portfolio Distribution” means, in respect of any Reference Portfolio Constituent, any 
net amount of interest or distributions or other net cash amounts that a Notional Investor would have 
received if it actually held such Reference Portfolio Constituent.  
“Reference Portfolio Investment Universe” means one or more of Equities, Funds, Bonds, Foreign 
Exchange, Commodities, Derivatives, Index, Securitised Products or Cash, as specified as being 
“Applicable” in the Pricing Document.   
“Reference Portfolio Level” means, in respect of each Security at any time, the Aggregate 
Reference Portfolio Level divided by the number of Securities outstanding at such time. 
“Reference Price” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent on a Reference Portfolio 
Constituent Business Day: 
(A) 
with respect to any Reference Portfolio Constituents that are Equities, the official closing 
price (or, if there is no official closing price yet published for that day, the then prevailing mid-
market price) of such Reference Portfolio Constituent,  
(B) 
with respect to all Reference Portfolio Constituents that are Notional Synthetic Exposures, 
the Notional Synthetic Exposures Mark-To-Market Value of such Reference Portfolio 
Constituent (which, where such Notional Synthetic Exposures Mark-To-Market Value is 
notionally in favour of the Issuer, shall be a positive amount, and where such Notional 
Synthetic Exposures Mark-To-Market Value is notionally in favour of the relevant 
counterparty, shall be a negative amount), 
(C) 
with respect to any Reference Portfolio Constituents that are Bonds or Securitised Products, 
the Indicative Price of such Reference Portfolio Constituent,  
(D) 
with respect to any Reference Portfolio Constituents that are Funds, the last published net 
asset value of such Reference Portfolio Constituent, or 
(E) 
with respect to any Reference Portfolio Constituents that are not Equities, Notional Synthetic 
Exposures, Bonds, Securitised Products or Funds, the reference price for settlement of such 
Reference Portfolio Constituent in accordance with standard market protocol,  
in each case, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with standard market protocol 
and expressed as an amount in the Specified Currency (applying the then prevailing spot exchange 
rate as calculated by the Calculation Agent) and including (if applicable) any accrued but unpaid 
interest. In the event that the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain the price or value of any Reference 
Portfolio Constituents on any Reference Portfolio Constituent Business Day, for any reason, or if any 
Reference Portfolio Constituent is subject to Sanctions the Reference Price of such Reference 
Portfolio Constituent shall be zero.
“Regulatory Event” means the occurrence of any of the following: 
(A) 
at any time after the Issue Date there is, with respect to the Issuer or the Counterparty, an 
implementation or adoption of or change in any applicable law, regulation, or regulatory 
guidance (including, but not limited to, Dodd-Frank, AIFMD and EMIR), or the interpretation 
or administration thereof by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent 
jurisdiction, or as a result of the public or private statement or action by, or response of, any 
court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction or any official or 
representative of any such court, tribunal or regulatory authority acting in an official capacity, 
or the Counterparty or the Issuer reasonably anticipates the imminent implementation or 
adoption of or such a change in any such law, regulation or regulatory guidance, which 
adoption or change would have the effect of altering the compliance requirements and/or the 
previously anticipated regulatory treatment and/or the tax treatment in respect of the 
Securities and/or the Charged Agreement for the Counterparty or the Issuer, in a manner 
which: 
(1) 
materially increases the regulatory burden on the Counterparty and/or the Issuer

--- Page 248 ---
248 
whether in relation to the Securities and/or the Charged Agreement or generally; 
and/or 
(2) 
has a material adverse effect on the Counterparty and/or the Issuer, whether in relation 
to the Securities and/or the Charged Agreement or generally; and/or 
(3) 
materially increases the costs of the Issuer issuing or maintaining the Securities or of 
the Counterparty and/or the Issuer entering into or maintaining the Charged 
Agreement or generally; and/or 
(4) 
results, or would result, in the Counterparty and/or the Issuer being subject to any 
administrative or regulatory penalty or sanctions for any failure to comply with any 
clearing obligation or risk mitigation provisions; and/or 
(5) 
results, or would result, in the Charged Agreement being required to be maintained 
through a different legal entity than the Issuer; and/or 
(6) 
results, or would result, in the Counterparty and/or the Issuer becoming subject to a 
financial transaction tax or other similar tax in relation to the Securities and/or the 
Charged Agreement or generally, which would have a material adverse effect on the 
Counterparty and/or the Issuer; and/or 
(7) 
results, or would result, in it being unlawful, or in there being a reasonable likelihood 
of it being unlawful for (a) the Issuer to maintain the Securities or that the maintenance 
of the existence of the Securities would make it unlawful to maintain the existence of 
any other notes issued by the Issuer or, (b) the Issuer to perform any duties in respect 
of the Securities (including, without limitation, any transactions necessary or advisable 
to hedge the Issuer’s risk in connection with the Securities); or 
(B) 
at any time after the Issue Date, the Counterparty and/or the Issuer receives notification from 
any regulatory authority, or any regulatory authority makes an announcement or implements 
a change in law, regulation or regulatory guidance (including, but not limited to, Dodd-Frank, 
AIFMD and EMIR), the effect of which is that (a) the Counterparty is requested or reasonably 
believes that it is required to (i) desist from carrying out any activity contemplated by the 
Charged Agreement or (ii) take action that would result in the Counterparty being unable to 
carry out any activity contemplated by the Charged Agreement and/or (b) the Counterparty 
and/or the Issuer would be materially and adversely restricted in its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Charged Agreement; or 
(C) 
at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer, the Counterparty, or any affiliate, director, officer 
or employee thereof would be an “AIFM” or an “AIF” for the purposes of AIFMD by virtue 
(wholly or partially) of its involvement with the Securities and/or the Charged Agreement; or 
(D) 
at any time after the Issue Date, an EMIR Event occurs,  
in each case, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Related Exchange” means the principal exchange or other venue (if any) on which options or 
futures contracts relating to the Reference Portfolio Constituents are traded or quoted, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
“Relevant Stock Exchange” means any stock exchange or market on which the Securities may be 
listed or admitted to trading from time to time.  
“Scheduled Maturity Date” means the date specified as such in the Pricing Document. 
“Scheduled Valuation Date” means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing 
a Disrupted Day with respect to any Reference Portfolio Constituent, would have been a Valuation 
Date for that Reference Portfolio Constituent.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
“Secondary Market” means, if specified as Applicable in the Pricing Document, that, with respect to 
any Reference Portfolio Constituent, a liquid secondary market exists on which  such Reference 
Portfolio Constituent can be purchased and/or sold.  
“Securities Tax Event” means if, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the 
Securities, the Calculation Agent calculates that the Issuer would be required to withhold or deduct 
amounts for or on account of tax (other than pursuant to FATCA (as defined in the Master 
Conditions)) in respect of payments under the Securities. 
“Securitised Products” means debt instruments (other than Bonds) issued by credit institutions that 
are backed by, and / or the return on which is linked to, one or more underlying financial assets. 
“Selling Restriction Breach” means where the Securities are sold or otherwise transferred to any 
person in breach of: (i) any applicable restrictions on sale of securities; and/or (ii) any restrictions, 
rules and/or regulations which are applicable to the sale of securities to U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended or as defined in the final 
risk retention rules promulgated under Section 15G of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended) or to any person other than Non-United States Persons (as defined by the United 
States Commodity Futures Trading Commission) (in each case as determined by the Calculation 
Agent with regards or by reference to the facts and circumstances then existing) (such Securities, 
the “Affected Securities”); 
“Short” means, if specified as Applicable in the Pricing Document and in respect of a Reference 
Portfolio Constituent, a short exposure of the Notional Investor to such Reference Portfolio 
Constituent. 
“Source Index” means, in respect of an Index Component, the index or indices specified as such in 
the Pricing Document. 
“Specified Currency” means, with respect to a Series of Securities, the currency specified in the 
Pricing Document. 
“Status” means either Domestic or International, as specified in the Pricing Document. 
“Stop Loss Event” means the occurrence at any time on any calendar day during the period from 
and including the Issue Date to and including the Scheduled Maturity Date when (regardless of the 
duration of time during which such circumstances exist) the value of the Aggregate Reference 
Portfolio Level is equal to or below the Stop Loss Level, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
“Stop Loss Level” means the aggregate level specified as such in the Pricing Document. 
“Synthetic Replication” means, in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent,  a Reference 
Portfolio Constituent which replicates the exposure to an asset or asset(s) through the use of a 
derivative contract or other financial instrument to produce a return that a notional investor would, as 
a result of such notional holding, notionally receive. 
“Synthetic Currency Account” means, in respect of the Reference Portfolio, synthetic currency 
accounts with positive or negative notional cash balances in the currency or currencies specified in 
the Pricing Document. 
“Synthetic Currency Account Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Synthetic Currency Account, 
the interest rate applied to such Synthetic Currency Account, as specified in the Pricing Document.  
“Threshold Amount” means the amount specified as such in the Pricing Document.  
“Threshold Event” means the outstanding principal amount (or, in the case of Certificates, the 
Notional Amount) of the Securities being less than the Threshold Amount. 
“Trade Date” means the date specified as such in the Pricing Document.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
“Valuation and Liquidation Agreement” means the valuation and liquidation agreement under the 
terms of the Master Valuation and Liquidation Terms and constituted by the Constituting Instrument 
and between, amongst others, the Calculation Agent and the Issuer. 
“Valuation Date” means, in respect of each Reference Portfolio Constituent, a Reference Portfolio 
Constituent Business Day within the Notional Liquidation Period.  
“Valuation Procedures” means the procedures in respect of the valuation of the Reference Portfolio 
which are described in the Base Prospectus and which (i) in the case of Actively Managed Securities, 
are set out in the Portfolio Management Agreement, and (ii) in the case of Dynamic Tracker Securities 
and the Static Pass-through Securities, are set out in the Valuation and Liquidation Agreement. 
“Value at Risk” means, with respect to the Rebalancing Conditions, the percentage specified in the 
Pricing Document relating to the limit of the Stop Loss Level that must be maintained with respect to 
any Rebalancing. 
“Variable Interest Amount” means an amount per Security not more than that Security’s pro rata 
share (calculated by reference to that Security’s Calculation Amount) of the Notional Physical Cash 
Position Level (after the deduction of any Interest Amount due and payable on such Variable Interest 
Payment Date) on the corresponding Variable Interest Valuation Date, as determined in accordance 
with the Valuation Procedures. 
“Variable Interest Payment Date” means: 
(A) 
where “Specified Variable Interest Payment Dates” is specified as Applicable in the Pricing 
Document, the dates specified as such in the Pricing Document; 
(B) 
(in the case of Actively Managed Securities only) where “Determined Variable Interest 
Payment Date” is specified as Applicable in the Pricing Document, each date determined as 
such by the Portfolio Manager in accordance with the Valuation Procedures; or   
(C) 
where “Pay Out on Receipt” is specified in the Pricing Document, the second Business Day 
following the Variable Interest Receipt Date.  
“Variable Interest Receipt Date” means the date on which a Notional Investor would actually have 
received an amount in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent (whether representing interest, 
distribution, liquidation proceeds or otherwise) in respect of a Reference Portfolio Constituent in the 
event that such amount was actually paid.  
“Variable Interest Valuation Date” means: 
(A) 
where “Specified Variable Interest Payment Dates” is specified as Applicable in the Pricing 
Document, the date which is two Calculation Agent Business Days prior to the relevant 
Variable Interest Payment Date, or such other date specified as such in the Pricing 
Document; 
(B) 
where “Determined Variable Interest Payment Date” is specified as Applicable in the Pricing 
Document, the date determined as such by the Portfolio Manager in accordance with the 
Valuation Procedures; and 
(C) 
where “Pay Out on Receipt” is specified as Applicable in the Pricing Document, the 
Calculation Agent Business Day following the Variable Interest Receipt Date.   
(subject, in each case, to Participation Securities Condition 8 (Disrupted Days)).  
“Weighting” means, in respect of one or more Reference Portfolio Investment Universe(s) and/or 
one or more Reference Portfolio Constituent(s), on each Reference Portfolio Calculation Date, the 
maximum notional exposure (expressed as a percentage and specified in the Pricing Document):

--- Page 251 ---
251 
(A) 
which such Reference Portfolio Investment Universe(s), such Reference Portfolio 
Constituent(s), the issuer of such Reference Portfolio Constituent(s), and/or the country of 
incorporation of the issuer of such Reference Portfolio Constituent(s), to the extent specified 
in the Pricing Document (converted into the Specified Currency (if applicable) at the then 
prevailing currency exchange rate) bears to the Aggregate Reference Portfolio Level, or 
(B) 
which the principal amount outstanding of such Bond(s) comprising the Aggregate Reference 
Portfolio Constituent bears to the aggregate principal amount outstanding of such Bond, or 
(C) 
as otherwise specified in the Pricing Document, 
in each case, as calculated by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion

--- Page 252 ---
252 
L_HIST_EMEA1:2434420v56 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
HARP Issuer PLC 
Dublin, Ireland
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre
Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1
Dublin D01 P767, Ireland 
ARRANGER 
UBS AG, London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
DEALER 
UBS AG, London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom
DISTRIBUTORS 
UBS Switzerland AG 
Bärengasse 16 
8001 Zürich 
Switzerland 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4 
OpernTurm 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
CALCULATION AGENT, COUNTERPARTY AND BROKER 
UBS AG, London Branch 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS
PORTFOLIO MANAGER 
Algebris (UK) Limited 
4th Floor, 1 St James’s Market, 
London, England 
SW1Y 4AH
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch 
Vertigo Building - Polaris 
2-4 rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, ISSUE AGENT AND CUSTODIAN 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
One Canada Square 
London E14 5AL 
United Kingdom 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Matheson 
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay 
Dublin 2 
Ireland
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Arranger  
as to English law: 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
CityPoint 
One Ropemaker Street 
London 
EC2Y 9SS
To the Arranger 
as to Irish law: 
Matheson
70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay
Dublin 2
Ireland