--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus  
HARP Issuer PLC 
(a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland with its registered office at 2nd Floor, Block 
5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Dublin IE D01 P767, Ireland, with registration number 
661148)  
Secured EUA Linked Issuance Programme 
What is this document? 
This document (this “Base Prospectus”) constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”) and Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (as amended) (the “EUWA”) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) and relates to the Secured EUA Linked Issuance Programme (the 
“Programme”) of HARP Issuer PLC (the “Issuer”).  
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from the date hereof and will expire thereafter. The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment 
of the EUA Linked Securities, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus in 
the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. It is 
important that you read and understand this Base Prospectus before you invest in EUA Linked Securities (as defined below).  
Who is the Issuer? 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle incorporated in Ireland whose principal business is the issue of limited recourse securities.  
What type of securities does this document relate to? 
This Base Prospectus relates to the issuance of secured, limited recourse securities (“EUA Linked Securities”) that the Issuer, subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may issue from time to time. Such EUA Linked Securities will be linked to the price of 
“allowances” (as defined in Article 3(a) Directive (EU) 2018/410 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 March 2018 amending Directive 
2003/87/EC (“EU ETS Directive”), as amended from time to time) issued, allocated, created and recognised in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of the European Union Emissions Trading Scheme (the “EU ETS”) which represent an entitlement to emit a specific volume of carbon 
dioxide equivalent or other greenhouse gas (“EUAs”). Upon maturity or an early redemption, the EUA Linked Securities will pay an amount linked 
to the performance of such EUAs, subject to deduction of certain fees.  
What is in this Base Prospectus? 
This Base Prospectus, together with the documents incorporated by reference within, is intended to provide potential investors with necessary 
information with regard to the Issuer and the EUA Linked Securities which, according to the particular nature and circumstances of the Issuer and 
the type of EUA Linked Securities, is material to potential investors for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the EUA Linked Securities and the reasons for the issuance and its 
impact on the Issuer. 
The contractual terms of any particular series of EUA Linked Securities (each, a “Series”) will be made up of the terms and conditions set out at 
pages 64 to 119 of this Base Prospectus, as completed by a separate Final Terms document, which is specific to that issuance of EUA Linked 
Securities (the “Final Terms”).  
The Base Prospectus also discloses (i) risk factors relating to an investment in EUA Linked Securities, (ii) information about the agreements entered 
into by the Issuer in respect of the EUA Linked Securities, (iii) information concerning certain parties that have roles in connection with the 
Programme and (iv) information about selling restrictions applicable to the EUA Linked Securities. All capitalised terms used will be defined in this 
Base Prospectus or the Final Terms.  
What other documents do I need to read? 
This Base Prospectus contains all information which is necessary to enable potential investors to make an informed decision of the financial position 
and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the EUA Linked Securities. Some of this information is incorporated by reference from 
other publicly available documents and some of this information is completed in an issue-specific document called the Final Terms. This Base 
Prospectus should be read together with (i) any documents incorporated by references and (ii) the Final Terms in respect of the relevant Series of 
EUA Linked Securities.  
This Base Prospectus and any document incorporated by reference will be made available at www.ubs.com/ETF (or such other website as may be 
notified to Securityholders). The information on any websites referred to herein does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information 
is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
What information is included in the Final Terms? 
Whilst the Base Prospectus includes general information about the EUA Linked Securities, the Final Terms is the document that sets out the specific 
details of a particular issuance of EUA Linked Securities. Such details will include, inter alia, the issue date, Series number or title, the scheduled 
maturity date, the number of EUAs to which those EUA Linked Securities are linked and the fees applicable to such EUA Linked Securities.  
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Programme Administrator or any Transaction Party that any recipient of this Base Prospectus 
should purchase the EUA Linked Securities. Potential investors in the EUA Linked Securities should ensure that they understand the 
nature of the EUA Linked Securities and the risks relating to an investment in the EUA Linked Securities and should consider the 
suitability of the EUA Linked Securities as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition.

--- Page 2 ---
The EUA Linked Securities involve a significant degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a loss of all or part 
of their investment. It is the responsibility of potential investors to ensure that they have sufficient knowledge, experience and 
professional advice to make their own legal, financial, tax, accounting and other business evaluation of the merits and risks of investing 
in the EUA Linked Securities and they should not rely on receiving any advice from the Issuer, the Programme Administrator or any 
Transaction Party in that regard. See the section headed “Risk Factors” set out on pages 26 to 47 of this Base Prospectus. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 15 May 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
2 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
Approval  
Approval by the Central Bank under the Prospectus Regulation 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank”), as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer 
or the quality of the EUA Linked Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and potential 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the EUA Linked Securities. 
Such approval relates only to EUA Linked Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on Markets 
in Financial Instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) (“MiFID 
II”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in any member state of the European Economic Area (the 
“EEA”). For the avoidance of doubt, such approval does not, therefore, extend to the offering of any EUA 
Linked Securities to the public in the UK or to the application for admission to listing and trading on the 
London Stock Exchange or on SIX (each as defined below). 
The Issuer has requested the Central Bank to notify its approval of the Base Prospectus in accordance 
with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation to the competent authorities in Germany, Liechtenstein and 
Spain, by providing each of them with a certificate of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been 
drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer may request the Central Bank to 
provide competent authorities in other member states of the EEA with such certificates whether for the 
purposes of making a public offer in such member states or for admission to trading of all or any EUA 
Linked Securities on a regulated market therein or both.  
Approval by the FCA under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), 
as competent authority under the UK Prospectus Regulation. The FCA only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer 
or the quality of the EUA Linked Securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the EUA Linked Securities. Such 
approval relates only to the EUA Linked Securities which are admitted to trading on the London Stock 
Exchange (as defined below) or which are to be offered to the public in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For 
the avoidance of doubt, such approval does not, therefore, extend to the offering of any EUA Linked 
Securities to the public in any member state of the EEA or to the application for admission to listing and 
trading on any regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II or on SIX (as defined below).  
Admission to Listing and Trading 
A Series of EUA Linked Securities may be listed on the official list of one or more of the following stock 
exchanges and be admitted to trading on the regulated market or other main market thereof: the Deutsche 
Börse Xetra (“Xetra”), the London Stock Exchange plc (the “London Stock Exchange”) (such market, the 
“London Market”), the SIX Swiss Stock Exchange (“SIX”) and/or such other stock exchanges and 
regulated markets or main markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Programme 
Administrator.

--- Page 4 ---
3 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Xetra is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
References in this Base Prospectus to EUA Linked Securities being “listed” (and all related references) 
shall mean that such EUA Linked Securities have been admitted to the official list of the FCA and to trading 
on the London Market and/or admitted to listing on Xetra and to trading on Xetra and/or admitted to listing 
on SIX and to trading on SIX (as applicable). 
This Base Prospectus will be valid for public offers in the EEA and admissions to trading on a regulated 
market in the EEA, and for public offers in the UK and admission to trading on the London Stock Exchange 
(as applicable) by or with the consent of the Issuer for 12 months from its date. The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factors, material mistakes or material 
inaccuracies will not apply after the earlier of that date, the closing of the offer period or the time when 
trading on a regulated market in the EEA or on the London Market, as the case may be, begins. 
Rating 
EUA Linked Securities issued under the Programme are unrated. However, a Securityholder should take 
such steps as it considers necessary to evaluate the ongoing risks and merits of a continued investment 
in such EUA Linked Security. 
Responsibility for Base Prospectus and Consent to Use by Authorised Offerors 
Any person (an “investor”) intending to acquire or acquiring any EUA Linked Securities from any person 
(an “offeror”) should be aware that, in the context of an offer to the public as defined in section 102B of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”), the Issuer may only be responsible to the 
investor for this Base Prospectus under section 90 of the FSMA if the Issuer has authorised the offeror to 
make the offer to the investor. Each investor should therefore enquire whether the offeror is so authorised 
by the Issuer. If the offeror is not authorised by the Issuer, the investor should check with the offeror 
whether anyone is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes of section 90 of the FSMA in the 
context of the offer to the public, and, if so, who that person is. If the investor is in any doubt about whether 
it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
Where information relating to the terms of the relevant offer required pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation 
or the UK Prospectus Regulation (as applicable) is not contained in this Base Prospectus or the relevant 
Final Terms, it will be the responsibility of the relevant offeror at the time of such offer to provide the investor 
with such information. This does not affect any responsibility which the Issuer or others may otherwise 
have under applicable laws, including liabilities arising by virtue of the laws in the jurisdictions in which the 
EUA Linked Securities are offered or sold.  
In respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities, the Issuer authorises the Authorised Participants specified 
for such Series to make offers to investors on the terms and subject to (i) the restrictions set out in this 
Base Prospectus and the Final Terms relating to the relevant EUA Linked Securities and (ii) the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement. The Authorised Participant(s) in respect of each Series of EUA Linked 
Securities will be specified in the Final Terms relating to the relevant Series. The Issuer may, from time to 
time, appoint additional Authorised Participants or remove Authorised Participants in respect of the 
relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Authorised Participant 
in respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities is FLOW TRADERS B.V., which has its registered office 
at Jacob Bontiusplaats 9, 1018 LL, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. The identity of the Authorised 
Participant(s) will be updated from time to time at www.ubs.com/ETF (or such other website as may be 
notified to Securityholders). 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and this Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.

--- Page 5 ---
4 
In addition: 
(a) 
UBS AG, London branch accepts responsibility for the information contained in the section entitled 
“Description of the EUA Disposal Agent, the EUA Custodian and the Programme Administrator – 
Programme Administrator: UBS AG, London branch”. To the best of the knowledge of UBS AG, 
London branch, the information contained in those parts of the Base Prospectus for which it is 
responsible is in accordance with the facts and those parts of the Base Prospectus make no 
omission likely to affect its import.  
(b) 
UBS Asset Management (UK) Limited accepts responsibility for the information contained in the 
section entitled “Description of the EUA Disposal Agent, the EUA Custodian and the Programme 
Administrator – EUA Disposal Agent: UBS Asset Management (UK) Limited”. To the best of the 
knowledge of UBS Asset Management (UK) Limited, the information contained in those parts of the 
Base Prospectus for which it is responsible is in accordance with the facts and those parts of the 
Base Prospectus make no omission likely to affect its import; and  
(c) 
UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch accepts responsibility for the information contained in the 
section entitled “Description of the EUA Disposal Agent, the EUA Custodian and the Programme 
Administrator – EUA Custodian: UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch”. To the best of the 
knowledge of UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch, the information contained in those parts of the 
Base Prospectus for which it is responsible is in accordance with the facts and those parts of the 
Base Prospectus make no omission likely to affect its import.  
The Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (and accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus) by any Authorised Participant, Authorised Distributor (as defined below) 
or other financial intermediary in respect of that Series of EUA Linked Securities which is an investment 
firm: 
(a) 
within the meaning of MiFID II and which is authorised in accordance with MiFID II in any Member 
State, with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by way of public offer of a Series of EUA 
Linked Securities in any of Germany, Ireland, Liechtenstein and Spain; or  
(b) 
within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined 
in the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”) and which is authorised in accordance with the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000, as amended (“FSMA”), with respect to subsequent resale or final placement by 
way of public offer of a Series of EUA Linked Securities in the UK,  
(each being an “Authorised Offeror”), provided such Authorised Offeror complies with (a) the Selling 
Restrictions (as defined below) and (b) in the case of an Authorised Offeror that is not an Authorised 
Participant, the Authorised Offeror Terms set out below.  
Such consent applies to any such resale or final placement by way of public offer during the period of 12 
months from the date of the Base Prospectus unless such consent is withdrawn prior to that date by notice 
published on www.ubs.com/ETF (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders). Other than 
the right of the Issuer to withdraw the consent and the aforementioned requirements applicable to 
Authorised Offerors, no other conditions are attached to the consent described in this paragraph. Any new 
information with respect to the identity of any new Authorised Participants will be published on 
www.ubs.com/ETF (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders). An Authorised Offeror 
using this Base Prospectus is required to publish on its website that it uses this Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the consent of the Issuer and the conditions attached thereto. However, neither the Issuer 
nor UBS AG, London branch nor any Transaction Party has any responsibility for any of the actions of any 
Authorised Offeror (save where it is itself an Authorised Offeror acting in that capacity), including 
compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer.

--- Page 6 ---
5 
The “Authorised Offeror Terms” are that the relevant Authorised Offeror will, and it agrees, represents, 
warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant 
offer to the public: 
(A) 
(I) act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”), including the MiFID II 
Directive, UK MiFIR, the Rules published by the Central Bank (including the applicable requirements 
of the Central Bank’s Consumer Protection Code) and the Rules published by the FCA (including 
its guidance for distributors in “The Responsibilities of Providers and Distributors for the Fair 
Treatment of Customers” and certain obligations under the Prospectus Regulation Rules, the Listing 
Rules and the Disclosure and Transparency Rules (each as set out and defined in the FCA’s 
Handbook of rules and guidance)) from time to time including (as applicable), without limitation and 
in each case, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the EUA 
Linked Securities by any person and any disclosure to any potential investor and (II) immediately 
inform the Issuer if at any time such Authorised Offeror becomes aware or suspects that it is or may 
be in violation of any Rules and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with 
such Rules in all respects; 
(B) 
comply with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” in this Base Prospectus (“Selling 
Restrictions”) which would apply as if it were an Authorised Participant; 
(C) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by such 
Authorised Offeror in relation to the offer or sale of the EUA Linked Securities does not violate the 
Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential 
investors; 
(D) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with the solicitation 
of interest in, or offers or sales of, the EUA Linked Securities under the Rules, including authorisation 
under the European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulation 2007 and FSMA; 
and  
(E) 
(I) comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” 
Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such Rules, to 
establish and document the identity of each potential investor prior to initial investment in any EUA 
Linked Securities by that investor) and (II) not permit any application for EUA Linked Securities in 
circumstances where such Authorised Offeror has any suspicions as to the source of the application 
monies. 
Separately, each Authorised Participant has agreed, represented and warranted to the Issuer in the terms 
of its appointment under the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it will (amongst other things), 
at all times in connection with the relevant offer to the public: 
(1) 
comply with the Selling Restrictions and will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives 
in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers EUA Linked Securities or has in its 
possession or distributes this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms relating to the relevant Series of 
EUA Linked Securities and/or any other offering or marketing material; 
(2) 
ensure that all actions or things required to be taken, fulfilled or done (including, without limitation, 
the obtaining of any consent or licence or the making of any filing or registration) for the subscription, 
sale and offer of any EUA Linked Securities and the performance of its obligations under the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement have been obtained and are in full force and effect; and 
(3) 
ensure that the execution and delivery of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and the 
carrying out of any other transactions contemplated by the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement do not and will not (X) conflict with or result in a breach of any of the terms or provisions 
of, or constitute a default under, the documents constituting it or any agreement or instrument to

--- Page 7 ---
6 
which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound or (Y) infringe any existing applicable 
law, rule, regulation, judgment, order or decree of any government, governmental body or court, 
domestic or foreign, having jurisdiction over it or any of its assets.  
In the event of an offer being made by an Authorised Offeror, the Authorised Offeror will provide 
information to potential investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at the time the offer is 
made.  
Any offer or sale of EUA Linked Securities to a potential investor by an Authorised Offeror will be 
made in accordance with any terms and other arrangements in place between such Authorised 
Offeror and such potential investor including as to price, allocations and settlement arrangements. 
Where such information is not contained in the Base Prospectus or Final Terms, it will be the 
responsibility of the applicable Authorised Offeror at the time of such offer to provide the potential 
investor with that information and neither the Issuer, nor the Programme Administrator or any other 
Authorised Offeror has any responsibility or liability for such information.  
Other than as set out above, the Issuer has not authorised (nor does it authorise or consent to the use of 
this Base Prospectus in connection with) any resale or final placement of the EUA Linked Securities by 
any person in any circumstances. Any such unauthorised offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or 
Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or liability for the 
actions of any person making such offers. Potential investors should enquire whether a financial 
intermediary is an Authorised Offeror. If a potential investor is offered EUA Linked Securities by a person 
or entity which is not an Authorised Offeror, the potential investor should check with such person or entity 
whether such entity is responsible for this Base Prospectus in the context of such offer of EUA Linked 
Securities to the public. If the potential investor is in doubt about whether it can rely on the Base Prospectus 
and/or who is responsible for its contents, it should take legal advice. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, no Authorised Offeror or Transaction Party accepts any responsibility 
for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made or purported to be made by it or 
on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the EUA Linked Securities. Each 
Authorised Offeror and Transaction Party disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract 
or otherwise which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus, the EUA Linked Securities, 
any Transaction Document or any such statement. 
The Authorised Participants may appoint distributors or brokers in connection with the offering of EUA 
Linked Securities and may pay commissions or fees to such distributors or brokers in relation to the 
relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities (any such appointed distributor or broker being an “Authorised 
Distributor”). If any commissions or fees relating to the issue and sale of these EUA Linked Securities 
have been paid or are payable by an Authorised Participant to a distributor or broker, then such distributor 
or broker may be obliged to fully disclose to its clients the existence, nature and amount of any such 
commissions or fees (including, if applicable, by way of discount) as required in accordance with laws and 
regulations applicable to such distributor or broker, including any legislation, regulation and/or rule 
implementing MiFID II, or as otherwise may apply in any non-EEA jurisdictions. Potential investors in these 
EUA Linked Securities should ensure that they have been informed about the fee or commission 
arrangements by the distributor or broker before making any purchase of the EUA Linked Securities. 
Other Representations not to be relied on 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the EUA Linked Securities and, 
if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by 
the Issuer, the Programme Administrator, any Authorised Offeror, the Calculation Agent or any other 
Transaction Party.

--- Page 8 ---
7 
Possible Change in Circumstances of the Issuer 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the 
date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or 
supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document 
containing the same. 
Investors to Make Own Assessment 
This document identifies in general terms certain information that a potential investor should consider prior 
to making an investment in the EUA Linked Securities. However, a potential investor should conduct its 
own thorough analysis (including its own accounting, legal, regulatory, financial, tax, environmental, social 
and governance analysis) prior to deciding whether to invest in any EUA Linked Securities issued under 
the Programme. Any evaluation of the suitability for a potential investor in an investment in EUA Linked 
Securities issued under the Programme depends upon that potential investor’s particular financial and 
other circumstances, as well as on the specific terms of the relevant EUA Linked Securities. 
EUA Linked Securities issued under the Programme are not sustainability-linked instruments and the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus does not consider sustainability factors. In addition, this 
Base Prospectus does not, directly or implicitly, provide any environmental, social or governance advice 
on any matter whatsoever and potential investors should consult with any advisors they deem appropriate 
prior to a purchase of EUA Linked Securities.  
An investment in the EUA Linked Securities is suitable for potential investors who: 
(i) 
are either retail or professional and seeking to achieve investment objectives which align with those 
of the relevant EUA Linked Securities in the context of the investor’s overall portfolio;  
(ii) 
are expected to be able to make an investment decision based on the information set out in this 
Base Prospectus and the relevant KID (applicable for EEA, Swiss and UK retail investors) or, 
alternatively, to obtain professional advice; 
(iii) 
are able to bear capital and income risk and view investment in the EUA Linked Securities as a 
medium to long term investment, though the EUA Linked Securities may also be suitable for shorter 
term exposure where sought by an investor; and 
(iv) 
have an asset base sufficiently substantial as to enable them to sustain any loss of an investment 
in the relevant EUA Linked Securities and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear 
all of the risks of an investment in the relevant EUA Linked Securities including, without limitation, 
any currency exposure arising from the currency for payments being different to the potential 
investor’s currency. 
If a potential investor is in any doubt as to whether the EUA Linked Securities are a suitable investment for 
it, it should consult with appropriate advisers prior to deciding whether or not to make an investment in the 
EUA Linked Securities. 
Benchmark Administrators 
Under Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark Regulation”), benchmark administrators had to apply 
for authorisation or registration as an administrator before 1 January 2020. Upon such authorisation or 
registration, the benchmark administrator or the benchmark will appear on the register of administrators

--- Page 9 ---
8 
and benchmarks established and maintained by (i) the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation (the “EU Register”) or (ii) the FCA pursuant to article 
36 of the Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (the “UK Register”), as applicable. In respect of EUA Linked 
Securities the return on which is linked to the performance of EUAs, amounts payable thereunder may be 
calculated by reference to the EEX EUA Spot, which is provided by European Energy Exchange AG (the 
“EEX”). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EEX appears on the EU Register but not on the UK 
Register. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmark Regulation 
apply, such that EEX is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).  
The Master Terms and Conditions of the EUA Linked Securities set out the actions that will be taken in the 
event that a benchmark materially changes or ceases to be provided in accordance with article 28 of the 
Benchmark Regulation. 
Fees, Costs and Charges  
This Base Prospectus and the Final Terms relating to the EUA Linked Securities contain certain information 
relating to fees and costs and charges applicable to the EUA Linked Securities. If the potential investor is 
advised by third parties (in particular companies providing services related to financial instruments, such 
as credit institutions and investment firms) when acquiring the EUA Linked Securities, or if the third parties 
mediate the purchase, such third parties may have to provide the potential investor, as the case may be, 
with a breakdown of costs and charges or expense ratios that are not laid out in the cost details in this 
Base Prospectus or the Final Terms relating to the EUA Linked Securities. 
Potential investors should note that the information provided by third parties on all relevant costs and 
charges may vary from one party to the other due to these third parties additionally invoicing the costs of 
their own services (e.g., a surcharge or, where applicable, recurrent brokering or advisory fees, depositary 
fees, etc.). 
No Investment Advice or Assessment of Suitability or Lawfulness of Acquisition  
This document is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice, and none of the Issuer, the 
Programme Administrator or any other Transaction Party makes any recommendation as to the suitability 
of the EUA Linked Securities as an investment. The provision of this document to potential investors is not 
based on any potential investor’s individual circumstances and should not be relied upon as an assessment 
of suitability for any potential investor in the EUA Linked Securities. Even if the Issuer, the Programme 
Administrator or another Transaction Party possesses information as to the objectives of any potential 
investor in relation to any transaction, series of transactions or trading strategy, this will not be deemed 
sufficient for any assessment of suitability for such person of the EUA Linked Securities. Any trading or 
investment decisions a potential investor takes are in reliance on its own analysis and judgment and/or 
that of its advisers and not in reliance on the Issuer, the Programme Administrator, any other Transaction 
Party or any of their respective Affiliates. 
None of the Issuer, the Programme Administrator, any other Transaction Party or any Affiliate of such 
persons has or assumes responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the EUA Linked Securities 
by a potential investor in the EUA Linked Securities (whether for its own account or for the account of any 
third party), whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or any jurisdiction in which it 
operates (if different), or for compliance by that investor (or any such third party) with any law, regulation 
or regulatory policy applicable to it. 
Investment activities of certain potential investors are subject to investment laws and regulations or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor in the EUA Linked Securities must determine,

--- Page 10 ---
9 
based on its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the 
circumstances, that its acquisition of the EUA Linked Securities: 
(i) 
is fully consistent with its (or, if it is acquiring the EUA Linked Securities in a fiduciary capacity, the 
beneficiary’s) financial needs, objectives and condition; 
(ii) 
complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to 
it (and, if it is acquiring the EUA Linked Securities in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary); 
(iii) 
is not a breach of any legal, contractual or regulatory restrictions applicable to it; and 
(iv) 
is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the EUA Linked Securities in a 
fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in 
investing in or holding the EUA Linked Securities. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of EUA Linked Securities under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Distribution and No Offer 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the EUA Linked Securities in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are 
required by the Issuer, all Authorised Offerors and the Programme Administrator to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions.  
The Issuer will ensure that a key information document is issued in respect of each Series of EUA Linked 
Securities for potential retail investors located in the EEA, pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation (as defined 
below) and for retail investors located in the UK, pursuant to the UK PRIIPs Regulation (as defined below), 
as may be amended from time to time (any such key information document hereinafter referred to as the 
“KID”). EEA, Swiss and UK retail investors can refer to the KID for the relevant EUA Linked Securities for 
details of, principally, the purpose of the EUA Linked Securities, the summary risk indicator, performance 
scenarios, the summary cost indicator and recommended holding period for the relevant EUA Linked 
Securities in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 on key information documents for packaged 
retail and insurance-based investment products, as may be amended from time to time (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) and Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and 
insurance-based investment products as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”). 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Programme Administrator or any Transaction Party to subscribe for, or purchase, any EUA Linked 
Securities. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of EUA Linked Securities and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see the section titled “Subscription and Sale”.  
United States Selling Restrictions  
THE EUA LINKED SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”) OR UNDER 
THE SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE OR POLITICAL SUB-DIVISION OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA OR ANY OF ITS TERRITORIES, POSSESSIONS OR OTHER AREAS SUBJECT TO ITS 
JURISDICTION INCLUDING THE COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO, AND THE ISSUER HAS NOT 
BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER ANY FEDERAL LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA. NO PERSON HAS REGISTERED NOR WILL REGISTER AS A COMMODITY POOL 
OPERATOR OF THE ISSUER UNDER THE COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED

--- Page 11 ---
10 
(THE “CEA”) AND THE RULES THEREUNDER (THE “CFTC RULES”) OF THE COMMODITY FUTURES 
TRADING COMMISSION (THE “CFTC”). ANY OFFER OR SALE OF THE EUA LINKED SECURITIES 
MUST BE MADE IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION EXEMPT FROM THE REGISTRATION 
REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT PURSUANT TO REGULATION S THEREUNDER 
(“REGULATION S”). THE EUA LINKED SECURITIES MAY NOT AT ANY TIME BE OFFERED, SOLD, 
OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR 
BENEFIT OF, PERSONS WHO ARE EITHER (A) U.S. PERSONS AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S OR 
(B) PERSONS WHO DO NOT COME WITHIN THE DEFINITION OF A NON-UNITED STATES PERSON 
UNDER CFTC RULE 4.7 (EXCLUDING FOR THE PURPOSES OF SUBSECTION (D) THEREOF, THE 
EXCEPTION TO THE EXTENT IT WOULD APPLY TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT NON-UNITED 
STATES PERSONS). 
THE EUA LINKED SECURITIES MAY NOT BE LEGALLY OR BENEFICIALLY OWNED BY ANY ENTITY 
THAT IS, OR THAT IS USING THE ASSETS OF, (A)(I) AN “EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN” (AS DEFINED 
IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 
1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”)) THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
REQUIREMENTS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A “PLAN” TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
APPLIES, OR (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” (AS 
DETERMINED PURSUANT TO THE “PLAN ASSETS REGULATION” ISSUED BY THE UNITED STATES 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR AT 29 C.F.R. SECTION 2510.3-101 AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF 
ERISA) OR OTHERWISE UNDER ERISA BY REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN’S 
OR PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY (ANY SUCH PLAN OR ENTITY DESCRIBED IN (I), (II) OR 
(III), A “BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR”) OR (B) A NON-U.S. PLAN, GOVERNMENTAL PLAN, CHURCH 
PLAN OR OTHER PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER 
LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (A “SIMILAR LAW”) UNLESS ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF ANY EUA LINKED SECURITY, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, HAS NOT AND WILL 
NOT CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF SUCH SIMILAR LAW.  
No Verification or Review by Programme Administrator or any other Transaction Party 
None of the Programme Administrator or any other Transaction Party has separately verified the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus (save as otherwise provided above) and accordingly none 
of them makes any representation, recommendation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the 
accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the information contained herein or in any further 
information, notice or other document which may, at any time, be supplied in connection with the EUA 
Linked Securities or their distribution and none of them accepts any responsibility or liability therefor. None 
of the Programme Administrator or any other Transaction Party undertakes to review the financial condition 
or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus or to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the EUA Linked Securities of any information coming to their 
attention. 
Issuer obligations only 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the EUA Linked Securities of any 
Series and the EUA Linked Securities issued under the Programme will not be guaranteed by, or be the 
responsibility of, any other entity. In particular, the EUA Linked Securities (i) do not represent an interest 
in and will not be obligations of, or insured or guaranteed by, the Programme Administrator, any 
Transaction Party or any Affiliate or any company associated with any of them, (ii) will not have the status 
of a bank deposit in Ireland or the UK and will not be within the scope of any deposit scheme operated by 
the Central Bank or the Financial Services Compensation Scheme operated by the Bank of England and 
(iii) are not insured or guaranteed by any government, government agency or other body.

--- Page 12 ---
11 
Collective investment scheme 
The EUA Linked Securities are debt securities and do not take the form of a collective investment scheme 
or fund. However, there can be no assurance that the courts or regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction 
would not recharacterise the EUA Linked Securities as units in a collective investment scheme or a fund. 
Any recharacterisation of the EUA Linked Securities as units in a collective investment scheme or a fund 
may have adverse consequences (including, without limitation, adverse tax consequences or early 
redemption) for an investor. 
The EUA Linked Securities are not units in an authorised collective investment scheme for the purposes 
of the FSMA or the FCA Handbook Collective Investment Schemes sourcebook. 
The EUA Linked Securities do not constitute units of a collective investment scheme as defined in the 
Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes (“CISA”) and therefore are not subject to the 
protection provisions of the CISA or an authorisation of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority 
(“FINMA”).  
Potential investors comprising a scheme which is an undertaking for collective investment in transferable 
securities subject to the Council Directive of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, regulations and 
administrative provisions relating to Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (No 
2009/65/EC) (the “UCITS Directive”), as amended or supplemented, need to satisfy themselves that an 
investment in the EUA Linked Securities would comply with any regulations and/or guidelines applicable 
to them pursuant to the UCITS Directive and any laws, regulations or guidelines of their jurisdiction of 
incorporation and would be in line with their individual investment objectives. 
Each Series of EUA Linked Securities is linked to a number of EUAs. Potential investors who are subject 
to the requirements of the UCITS Directive need to satisfy themselves that any investment in EUA Linked 
Securities conforms to the eligibility criteria required in accordance with the UCITS Directive. 
Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive 
The European Union Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (“AIFMD”) regulates 
alternative investment fund managers (“AIFMs”) and provides in effect that each alternative investment 
fund (an “AIF”) within the scope of the AIFMD must have a designated AIFM responsible for ensuring 
compliance with the AIFMD. Although there is an exemption in the AIFMD for “securitisation special 
purpose entities” (the “SSPE Exemption”), the European Securities and Markets Authority has not yet 
given any formal guidance on the application of the SSPE Exemption or whether a vehicle such as the 
Issuer would fall within it, so there can be no certainty as to whether the Issuer would benefit from the 
SSPE Exemption.  
However, the Central Bank has confirmed that pending such further clarification from ESMA, (i) “registered 
financial vehicle corporations” within the meaning of Article 1(2) of Regulation (EC) No 24/2009 of the 
European Central Bank, and (ii) financial vehicles engaged solely in activities where economic participation 
is by way of debt or corresponding instruments which do not provide ownership rights in the financial 
vehicle as are provided by the sale of units or shares, do not need to seek authorisation as, or appoint, an 
AIFM, unless the Central Bank issues further guidance advising them to do so.  
On the basis of the current Central Bank guidance on the issue outlined above, the Issuer should not fall 
within the ambit of AIFMD or the European Union (Alternative Investment Fund Managers) Regulations 
2013 (S.I. No. 257 of 2013) which implement AIFMD in Ireland and therefore the Issuer should not need 
to seek authorisation as, or appoint, an AIFM.

--- Page 13 ---
12 
Interpretation 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to “euro”, 
“EUR” and “€” are to the lawful currency of those Member States that have adopted the single currency of 
the EU. All references in this Base Prospectus to any time shall be expressed using the 24-hour clock 
convention. 
Supplementary Prospectus 
The Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus, or publish a new base prospectus 
whenever required by the guidelines of any stock exchange on which EUA Linked Securities are listed, or 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and/or pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation if there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the EUA Linked 
Securities.

--- Page 14 ---
13 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
This table sets out the contents of this Base Prospectus together with an outline description of the contents 
of each section. 
Section of Base Prospectus 
Pages 
What is covered by this Section?  
Important Notices 
2 
This section sets out important legal notices 
relating to the EUA Linked Securities. 
Overview of the Programme 
15 
This section provides an overview of the key 
information contained within this Base Prospectus 
with placeholders for information specific to each 
issue of EUA Linked Securities. 
Risk Factors 
 
26 
This section sets out the principal risks inherent in 
investing in EUA Linked Securities, including key 
risks relating to investments linked to EUAs. 
Documents Incorporated by Reference 
48 
This section 
incorporates 
selected 
financial 
information regarding the Issuer from other publicly 
available documents. 
Conflicts of Interest 
49 
This section sets out any potential conflicts of 
interest between the Transaction Parties relating to 
the EUA Linked Securities. 
Information about EUAs 
51 
This section sets out general information about 
EUAs. 
Frequently Asked Questions 
53 
This section is intended to answer some of the 
questions which investors may have when 
considering an investment in the EUA Linked 
Securities. 
Worked Examples 
62 
This section sets out worked examples in respect 
of the EUA Linked Securities.  
Master Terms and Conditions of the 
EUA Linked Securities 
64 
This section sets out the detailed contractual terms 
of the EUA Linked Securities. Where the Master 
Terms and Conditions of the EUA Linked 
Securities indicate that an option may be specified 
in the Final Terms, the Final Terms will indicate 
which of these options shall apply. 
Summary of Transaction Documents  
120 
This section sets out descriptions of the main 
agreements entered into by the Issuer in respect of 
the EUA Linked Securities.  
Reasons for the Offer and Use of 
Proceeds 
124 
This section describes what the Issuer does with 
the issue proceeds of the EUA Linked Securities. 
Description of the Issuer 
125 
This section provides a description of the Issuer’s 
activities as well as certain financial information in 
respect of the Issuer. 
Description of the EUA Disposal Agent, 
the EUA Custodian and the Programme 
Administrator  
128 
This section gives disclosure regarding certain 
important parties who have a role in relation to the 
Programme.

--- Page 15 ---
14 
Section of Base Prospectus 
Pages 
What is covered by this Section?  
Taxation 
132 
This 
section 
sets 
out 
certain 
taxation 
considerations relating to EUA Linked Securities. 
Subscription and Sale 
149 
This section sets out certain restrictions as to who 
can purchase EUA Linked Securities in certain 
jurisdictions. 
Form of Final Terms 
153 
This section sets out a template for the Final Terms 
to be used for each specific issuance of EUA 
Linked Securities. 
General Information 
158 
This section provides additional information 
relating to EUA Linked Securities.

--- Page 16 ---
15 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME  
The following overview of the Programme is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this document. 
Terms used in this overview and not defined have the meanings given to them in the Conditions.  
 
Structure Diagram: 
  
 
 
 
 
Authorised Participant 
(“AP”) 
HARP Issuer 
plc 
(“Issuer”) 
BNY Mellon Corporate 
Trustee Services Limited 
Trustee 
Apex Corporate Services 
(Ireland) Limited, Dublin 
Corporate Services Provider 
UBS AG, London branch 
Programme Administrator 
UBS Asset Management 
(UK), Ltd 
EUA Disposal Agent 
UBS Europe SE, 
Luxembourg branch 
1. Issuing and Paying Agent 
2. Registrar and Transfer 
Agent 
3. Calculation Agent
UBS Europe SE, 
Luxembourg branch 
EUA Custodian and 
Account Bank 
Cash Account 
EUA Custody 
Account 
Investors 
AP EUA 
account 
Trust Deed 
Corporate Services 
Agreement 
Programme 
Administrator 
Agreement
Agency 
Agreement 
1. EUA Custody 
Agreement 
2. Account Bank 
Agreement 
Custody of  
EUAs 
Issue and Buy-
Back of EUA 
Linked 
Securities 
Authorised 
Participant 
Agreement 
Delivery of 
EUAs 
Purchase/Sale of EUA 
Linked Securities for 
Specified Currency 
Agreements 
Transfers 
Security Package

--- Page 17 ---
16 
Issuer: 
HARP Issuer PLC is a special purpose vehicle incorporated in Ireland 
whose principal business is the issue of limited recourse securities and 
entering into transactions related to the issuance of those securities, to 
the extent permitted under the Programme and all applicable laws and 
regulations.  
Programme: 
Secured EUA Linked Issuance Programme pursuant to which the 
Issuer may issue secured EUA Linked Securities (the “Programme”). 
In respect of any Series of EUA Linked Securities, the Final Terms 
relating to such EUA Linked Securities will specify detailed terms 
applicable to such Series of EUA Linked Securities. 
Series: 
The first Series of EUA Linked Securities to be issued under the 
Programme is the UBS European Physical Carbon ETC. 
Transaction Parties 
 
Programme Administrator:  
UBS AG, London branch is the Programme Administrator. In such role, 
it provides such assistance to the Issuer as may reasonably be 
required, from time to time, for the operation of the Programme in the 
ordinary course of business. Its duties include the calculations, 
determinations and other duties expressed to be performed by it in the 
Conditions and pursuant to the Programme Administrator Agreement. 
Trustee: 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited acts as the Trustee in 
respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities. The Trustee acts as 
trustee for the Securityholders and also as security trustee (holding the 
benefit of the Security granted by the Issuer over certain of its assets 
in respect of a Series on trust for the Securityholders and other 
Transaction Parties in respect of that Series). 
Calculation Agent: 
UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch acts as the Calculation Agent in 
respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities. Its duties include the 
calculation of the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security and the 
Value per EUA Linked Security, as well as performing certain 
administrative tasks for the Issuer with respect to the EUA Linked 
Securities. 
EUA Disposal Agent: 
UBS Asset Management (UK) Limited acts as the EUA Disposal Agent 
in respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities. Its duties include 
the sale of the Underlying EUAs whether in connection with the 
redemption of the relevant EUA Linked Securities at final maturity, on 
an early redemption or on an ongoing basis to enable the Issuer to pay 
the applicable portion of the accrued Total Expense Ratio to each of 
the Programme Administrator, the EUA Custodian and the EUA 
Disposal Agent respectively. 
EUA Custodian: 
UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch acts as the EUA Custodian. The 
EUA Custodian will hold the Underlying EUAs for a Series of EUA 
Linked Securities in its account in the Luxembourg section of the Union 
Registry as custodian for the Issuer. In connection with a new issuance 
of EUA Linked Securities, any EUAs delivered by an Authorised 
Participant in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities 
will be delivered to the EUA Custody Account in accordance with 
Condition 8(a) (Further Issues) and/or the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement.

--- Page 18 ---
17 
Issuing and Paying Agent: 
UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch is the Issuing and Paying Agent 
being the entity which, inter alia, sends the Registered Global 
Certificate to the common depository or nominee, as applicable, on 
behalf of the Relevant Clearing System(s) and makes payments under 
the EUA Linked Securities. 
Registrar and Transfer 
Agent: 
UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch is the Transfer Agent being the 
entity which, inter alia, upon presentation of the Registered Global 
Certificate, notifies the Registrar of any transfer of ownership of the 
applicable amount of Registered Securities and the Registrar, being 
the entity which, inter alia, maintains the Register for each Series of 
EUA Linked Securities which contains the record of all EUA Linked 
Securities of such Series issued by the Issuer. 
Account Bank: 
UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch acts as the Account Bank and 
maintains the Cash Account. 
Authorised Participants: 
The Authorised Participants buy and sell EUA Linked Securities directly 
from and to the Issuer (although Non-Authorised Participant 
Securityholders may also sell EUA Linked Securities to the Issuer). In 
connection with any such purchase or sale, the Authorised Participant 
will deliver or receive (as applicable) a number of EUAs equal to the 
prevailing EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security (subject to 
rounding) against payment by the Issuer of an amount equal to the 
Subscription Payment Amount or Buy-Back Payment Amount (as 
applicable) in accordance with Condition 8(a) (Further Issues) or 
Condition 8(b) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Authorised 
Participants). Authorised Participants may also act as market makers, 
i.e., they may buy and sell EUA Linked Securities from and to investors 
on an over-the-counter basis or via a stock exchange.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Authorised Participant in 
respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities is FLOW TRADERS B.V., 
which has its registered office at Jacob Bontiusplaats 9, 1018 LL, 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands. The identity of the Authorised 
Participant(s) will be updated from time to time at www.ubs.com/ETF 
(or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders). 
Overview of the Programme  
 
Transaction Structure: 
The Issuer has established this programme for the issue of EUA Linked 
Securities whose return is linked to the price of EUAs. EUAs represent 
an entitlement to emit a specific volume of carbon dioxide equivalent 
or other greenhouse gas. Each Series of EUA Linked Securities will be 
separate (or “ring-fenced”) from each other Series of EUA Linked 
Securities.  
Each EUA Linked Security is issued by the Issuer to an Authorised 
Participant. The Issuer will, in connection with each issue of EUA 
Linked Securities, receive a number of EUAs from the Authorised 
Participant(s) subscribing for the EUA Linked Securities sufficient to 
cover the aggregate EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security (subject 
to rounding) in accordance with Condition 8(a) (Further Issues) and/or 
the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. The EUAs received by 
the Issuer will be held by the EUA Custodian, as custodian for the 
Issuer, in an EUA Custody Account. A separate EUA Custody Account

--- Page 19 ---
18 
shall be opened and maintained in respect of each Series of EUA 
Linked Securities.  
In respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities, on the Series Issue 
Date, the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security is equal to one. On 
each subsequent calendar day, the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked 
Security is equal to the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security for 
the immediately preceding calendar day, reduced by the application of 
the Total Expense Ratio for one calendar day. The Calculation Agent 
is required to calculate the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security 
on each calendar day and the Value per EUA Linked Security on each 
Valuation Day. The Value per EUA Linked Security in respect of a 
Valuation Day is equal to the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security 
multiplied by the EUA Reference Price, each in respect of the relevant 
Valuation Day. 
The application of the Total Expense Ratio to reduce the EUA 
Entitlement per EUA Linked Security operates as a charge on 
Securityholders. In respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities, 
the EUA Disposal Agent will, on behalf of the Issuer, periodically realise 
Underlying EUAs representing the aggregate reduction in the EUA 
Entitlement per EUA Linked Security for such Series since the previous 
realisation (subject to rounding). The proceeds will be credited to the 
Cash Account maintained by the Account Bank in relation to the 
relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities and used by the Issuer to fund 
the fees payable to each of the Programme Administrator, the EUA 
Custodian and the EUA Disposal Agent in accordance with the relevant 
Programme Administrator Agreement, Agency Agreement and EUA 
Custody Agreement.  
No amounts or assets are payable or deliverable (as applicable) under 
the EUA Linked Securities prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date or any 
buy-back unless the EUA Linked Securities redeem early, in which 
case each EUA Linked Security will become due and payable at its 
Early Redemption Amount.  
In respect of a buy-back, the relevant Authorised Participant or Non-
Authorised Participant Securityholder requesting the buy-back will 
receive a number of EUAs equal to the Buy-Back Settlement Amount 
from the Issuer in accordance with Condition 8(b) (Buy-Back of EUA 
Linked Securities from Authorised Participants) or Condition 8(c) (Buy-
Back of EUA Linked Securities from Non-Authorised Participant 
Securityholders). Where the buy-back is requested by an Authorised 
Participant, the relevant investor (following the sale of its holding of 
EUA Linked Securities to the Authorised Participant) will receive a cash 
amount from the relevant Authorised Participant as agreed between 
them (which may be an amount which is more than, equal to, or less 
than the Value per EUA Linked Security in respect of the relevant Buy-
Back Trade Date). EUA Linked Securities which are purchased by or 
on behalf of the Issuer in respect of a buy-back shall be cancelled.  
Description of underlying 
assets: 
The underlying assets in respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities 
are the EUAs held by the EUA Custodian in the EUA Custody Account 
in respect of such Series of EUA Linked Securities.

--- Page 20 ---
19 
The EUA Linked Securities provide investors with exposure to EUAs 
without having to take physical delivery of them, as the value of the 
EUA Linked Securities is linked to the value of EUAs. In order to back 
its obligations under the EUA Linked Securities, the Issuer will seek to 
hold enough EUAs to meet its obligations under the EUA Linked 
Securities.  
EUAs have characteristics that demonstrate the capacity to produce 
funds to meet payments due on the EUA Linked Securities as they can 
be sold by the EUA Disposal Agent on behalf of the Issuer to allow the 
Issuer to meet such payment obligations. For the avoidance of doubt, 
Securityholders do not have the right to receive delivery of any 
Underlying EUAs on final maturity or on an early redemption; any 
amounts payable on the EUA Linked Securities on final maturity or on 
an early redemption will be made in cash and investing in the EUA 
Linked Securities will not make an investor the owner of the Underlying 
EUAs. However, Non-Authorised Participant Securityholders do have 
the ability to request a buy-back of their EUA Linked Securities and, 
subject to certain criteria being met (as outlined in Condition 8(c) (Buy-
Back of EUA Linked Securities from Non-Authorised Participant 
Securityholders)), will receive Underlying EUAs if they do so.  
Description of the flow of 
funds: 
The Issuer will receive from the relevant Authorised Participant, in 
connection with each issue of EUA Linked Securities, a number of 
EUAs sufficient to cover the aggregate EUA Entitlement per EUA 
Linked Security (subject to rounding) in accordance with Condition 8(a) 
(Further Issues) and/or the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. 
Issuance and settlement of the corresponding EUA Linked Securities 
shall occur pursuant to the relevant Agency Agreement and Authorised 
Participant Agreement. 
In respect of a buy-back, the Issuer will cause to be delivered to the 
relevant 
Authorised Participant 
or 
Non-Authorised Participant 
Securityholder, depending on who has requested the buy-back, a 
number of EUAs sufficient to cover the aggregate EUA Entitlement per 
EUA Linked Security of the number of EUA Linked Securities being 
purchased by the Issuer (subject to rounding) in accordance with 
Condition 8(b) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Authorised 
Participants) or Condition 8(c) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities 
from Non-Authorised Participant Securityholders). EUA Linked 
Securities which are purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect 
of a buy-back shall be cancelled. 
The Issuer funds payments under the EUA Linked Securities of a 
Series at final maturity or on an early redemption from the proceeds of 
the sale by the EUA Disposal Agent of the Underlying EUAs in respect 
of that Series of EUA Linked Securities.  
Type of securities: 
Each Series of EUA Linked Securities will consist of Registered 
Securities. Registered Securities will be represented by a registered 
global certificate which may be exchanged for one or more definitive 
registered securities (each represented by a definitive registered 
securities certificate) in the circumstances set out therein.

--- Page 21 ---
20 
Description of the rights 
attaching to the EUA Linked 
Securities 
 
Maturity and Redemption: 
The Issuer will set the Scheduled Maturity Date of a Series of EUA 
Linked Securities prior to the issue of that Series of EUA Linked 
Securities. The Scheduled Maturity Date of the EUA Linked Securities 
will be specified in the Final Terms (but is subject to extension in certain 
circumstances). The EUA Linked Securities will only redeem prior to 
the Scheduled Maturity Date if there is a buy-back or early redemption. 
Extension of Scheduled 
Maturity Date: 
Provided that certain conditions have been met, the Issuer may extend 
the Scheduled Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 18(d) 
(Extension of the Scheduled Maturity Date). 
Payment of Final 
Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed in whole (due to an early redemption) or 
purchased and cancelled by the Issuer (due to a buy-back), the EUA 
Linked Securities of each Series will become due and payable on their 
Scheduled Maturity Date at their Final Redemption Amount.  
Payment of Early 
Redemption Amount: 
If a Series of EUA Linked Securities is redeemed early, an Early 
Redemption Amount will be payable by the Issuer on the Early 
Redemption Date.  
Interest: 
The EUA Linked Securities will not pay periodic interest. On early or 
final redemption of the EUA Linked Securities, a Specified Interest 
Amount may be payable by the Issuer as part of the Final Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount (as applicable) payable per EUA 
Linked Security. 
Explanation of how the 
interest amount is affected 
by the value of the 
Underlying EUAs: 
The Specified Interest Amount is an amount of interest equal to an EUA 
Linked Security’s pro rata share of the amount of interest which has 
accrued (at the rate of interest then applicable in respect of the Cash 
Account (from time to time)) (if any) on the proceeds of realisation of 
the Underlying EUAs which have been deposited into the Cash 
Account during the Final Redemption Disposal Period or the Early 
Redemption Disposal Period (as applicable), subject to a minimum of 
zero. The rate of interest applicable in respect of the Cash Account 
may be positive, negative or zero. Where the amount of interest so 
accrued is negative, such amount will be deducted from the sale 
proceeds of the Underlying EUAs and the Final Redemption Amount 
or 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(as 
applicable) 
payable 
to 
Securityholders will be reduced accordingly. 
Status: 
The EUA Linked Securities are secured, limited recourse obligations of 
the Issuer and rank equally amongst themselves. Securityholders will 
not, by reason of holding such Series, have any claim against the 
Issuer with respect to any other Series of EUA Linked Securities. 
Security: 
The obligations of the Issuer under the EUA Linked Securities of a 
Series will be secured pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed granting, 
inter alia, (i) English law security interests over the rights of the Issuer 
under the agreements entered into by it in respect of that Series, (ii) a 
first ranking pledge under Luxembourg law over the present and future 
claims, rights, title, interest and benefit (including all income, payments, 
proceeds, revenues, products, property, sum received, receivable or 
otherwise distributed) of the Issuer against the EUA Custodian under

--- Page 22 ---
21 
the EUA Custody Agreement in respect of the relevant Series of EUA 
Linked Securities and (iii) a first ranking pledge under Luxembourg law 
of all present and future assets, rights, claims and distributions 
(including all income, payments, interest, proceeds, revenues, title, 
benefits, products, property, sum received, receivable or otherwise 
distributed) held in or in connection with any financial instruments 
accounts opened by the Issuer with the EUA Custodian in respect of 
the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, securities (including any securities and similar 
instruments (a) credited, by way of book entry (inscription en compte), 
or as otherwise deposited or held, in each case without specification of 
numbers or other individual identification elements, on a fungible basis 
or (b) otherwise registered and/or referenced and/or referred to in the 
account or the EUA Custodian’s books and/or held in any other manner 
by the EUA Custodian for the account of the Issuer on a contractual 
basis or otherwise (including as a nominee)), cash and other rights and 
the property held therein or credited thereto; and (iv) a first ranking 
pledge under Luxembourg law of all present and future amounts, rights 
and claims (including all income, payments, proceeds, revenues, 
products, property, sum received, receivable or otherwise distributed) 
held in, or in relation to, the Cash Account under the Account Bank 
Agreement in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities. 
The assets and property that are the subject of such security interests 
are referred to as Mortgaged Property for that Series. Securityholders 
will not, by reason of holding such Series, have any claim against the 
Mortgaged Property with respect to any other Series of EUA Linked 
Securities.  
The Security over the Mortgaged Property in respect of a Series of EUA 
Linked Securities will become enforceable upon the occurrence of an 
Event of Default. 
Early Redemption Events 
and Events of Default: 
The EUA Linked Securities of a Series (or, in the case of (xiv) and (xv), 
the Affected Securities only) may become due and payable prior to 
their Scheduled Maturity Date upon the occurrence of any of the 
following Early Redemption Events: 
(i) 
certain legal or regulatory changes occur in relation to the Issuer; 
(ii) 
any Agent or all of the Authorised Participants resigns or their 
appointment is terminated, and the Issuer gives notice that no 
successor or replacement has been appointed within a 60 
calendar day period;  
(iii) the Issuer will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, be 
required to make a payment in respect of VAT or be required to 
account for any other Taxes in respect of a delivery of Underlying 
EUAs in connection with a subscription or buy-back (where such 
VAT is irrecoverable for the Issuer and whether or not such Taxes 
(excluding VAT) are recoverable for the Issuer); 
(iv) the Specified Currency ceases to exist as a lawful currency;  
(v) one per cent. or more of the total number of Underlying EUAs are 
stolen from the EUA Custody Account; 
(vi) certain events occur with respect to the EUA Custodian including, 
amongst other things, the insolvency or default thereof and no

--- Page 23 ---
22 
successor or replacement has been appointed within 60 days of 
the date of such event;  
(vii) certain changes are adopted or proposed in respect of EUAs 
which result in it being unlawful for the Issuer, the EUA Custodian 
or the EUA Disposal Agent to hold, receive or deliver EUAs or to 
comply with any other material provision of any agreement 
entered into in connection with the Underlying EUAs;  
(viii) following an announcement, change in law or regulation or 
confirmation by the European Council or Commission, EUAs held 
in the EUA Custody Account in respect of a Series of EUA Linked 
Securities that were issued in a previous Compliance Phase 
cease to be eligible for compliance with obligations under the 
current Compliance Phase or will not be eligible for compliance 
with obligations under a future Compliance Phase;  
(ix) the Scheme is, as a result of official written public pronouncement 
by the EU, no longer scheduled to proceed or is to be 
discontinued;  
(x) the EUA Custody Account is closed (or required to be closed) or 
the Registry Agreement is terminated and a replacement or 
successor account or agreement (as applicable) has not yet been 
opened or entered into; 
(xi) the Issuer gives notice to the Securityholders that it has elected to 
redeem the EUA Linked Securities; 
(xii) there is a materially increased cost for the Programme 
Administrator, the Calculation Agent, the EUA Custodian or the 
EUA Disposal Agent in respect of the Programme or the EUA 
Linked Securities;  
(xiii) certain events occur in relation to a Reference Rate and the 
Calculation Agent is unable to identify a replacement Reference 
Rate; 
(xiv) the Issuer or the Programme Administrator becomes aware that 
any EUA Linked Securities of a Series are sold or otherwise 
transferred to any person in breach of the selling restrictions set 
out in the section of this Base Prospectus titled “Subscription and 
Sale”;  
(xv) the Issuer or the Programme Administrator becomes aware that 
any Securityholder has consolidated, or is or will become required 
to consolidate, the Issuer onto its balance by reason of such 
Securityholder owning EUA Linked Securities; or 
(xvi) the Value per EUA Linked Security is less than or equal to 20 per 
cent. of the Issue Price per EUA Linked Security on the Series 
Issue Date for three consecutive Valuation Days. 
The EUA Linked Securities of a Series may also become due and 
payable upon the occurrence of any of the following Events of 
Default: 
(i) 
the Issuer has defaulted for more than 14 calendar days in the 
payment of any sum or delivery of any Underlying EUAs due in 
respect of the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series or any 
of them;

--- Page 24 ---
23 
(ii) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under the EUA Linked Securities or the Trust Deed, 
which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee 
remedied within 30 calendar days (or such longer period as the 
Trustee may permit) after notice of such default shall have been 
given to the Issuer by the Trustee (and, for these purposes, a 
failure to perform or comply with an obligation shall be deemed to 
be remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not 
doing an act or thing by a particular time); or 
(iii) an Issuer Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the relevant 
Series. 
Limited Recourse and 
Ranking: 
The EUA Linked Securities of a Series will rank equally amongst 
themselves. The rights of Securityholders are limited in recourse to the 
relevant Mortgaged Property. As such, once the Mortgaged Property 
in relation to a Series has been realised and the net proceeds 
distributed, none of the parties or anyone acting on their behalf may 
take further steps against the Issuer or its directors, officers, members 
or administrator to recover any further sum in relation to such Series 
and no debt will be owed by the Issuer in respect of such sum. Any 
proceeds of the Mortgaged Property will be applied in accordance with 
the priorities of payments set out in the Conditions and, therefore, the 
rights of Securityholders will rank in accordance therewith. As a result 
of such provisions, the Securityholders may not receive in full the Final 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount (as applicable) 
payable in respect of an EUA Linked Security. 
Withholding Tax: 
All payments in respect of the EUA Linked Securities shall be made net 
of and after allowance for any withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any Taxes. In the event that any withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any Taxes applies to payments in respect of the 
EUA Linked Securities, the Securityholders will be subject to such Tax 
or deduction and shall not be entitled to receive compensation for any 
such Tax or deduction. No event of default will occur as a result of any 
such withholding or deduction. 
Governing Law: 
The EUA Linked Securities will be governed by English law.  
In respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities, there will be a Trust 
Deed granting, inter alia, (i) English law security interests over the 
rights of the Issuer under the agreements entered into by it in respect 
of that Series, (ii) a first ranking pledge under Luxembourg law over the 
present and future claims, rights, title, interest and benefit (including all 
income, payments, proceeds, revenues, products, property, sum 
received, receivable or otherwise distributed) of the Issuer against the 
EUA Custodian under the EUA Custody Agreement in respect of the 
relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities, (iii) a first ranking pledge 
under Luxembourg law of all present and future assets, rights, claims 
and distributions (including all income, payments, interest, proceeds, 
revenues, title, benefits, products, property, sum received, receivable 
or otherwise distributed) held in or in connection with any financial 
instruments accounts opened by the Issuer with the EUA Custodian in 
respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities including, for

--- Page 25 ---
24 
the avoidance of doubt (including any securities and similar 
instruments (a) credited, by way of book entry (inscription en compte), 
or as otherwise deposited or held, in each case without specification of 
numbers or other individual identification elements, on a fungible basis 
or (b) otherwise registered and/or referenced and/or referred to in the 
account or the EUA Custodian’s books and/or held in any other manner 
by the EUA Custodian for the account of the Issuer on a contractual 
basis or otherwise (including as a nominee)), securities, cash and other 
rights and the property held therein or credited thereto; and (iv) a first 
ranking pledge under Luxembourg law of all present and future 
amounts, rights and claims (including all income, payments, proceeds, 
revenues, products, property, sum received, receivable or otherwise 
distributed) held in, or in connection to, the Cash Account under the 
Account Bank Agreement in respect of the relevant Series of EUA 
Linked Securities. 
Value of EUA Linked 
Securities: 
The EUA Linked Securities are backed by Underlying EUAs and their 
value is linked to the value of such Underlying EUAs. The price of EUAs 
can go down as well as up and the performance of EUAs in any future 
period may not mirror its past performance. 
Total Expense Ratio:  
In respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities, the Issuer is 
required to pay certain fees to each of the Programme Administrator, 
the EUA Custodian and the EUA Disposal Agent in accordance with 
the relevant Programme Administrator Agreement, Agency Agreement 
and EUA Custody Agreement. These fees will accrue, in aggregate, at 
a rate per annum equal to the Total Expense Ratio for such Series. 
The Total Expense Ratio will be specified in the Final Terms for a 
Series of EUA Linked Securities and as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus is 0.75 per cent. per annum. 
The Total Expense Ratio in respect of a Series of EUA Linked 
Securities may be varied at any time by the Programme Administrator, 
provided that no increase in the Total Expense Ratio in respect of a 
Series of EUA Linked Securities will take effect unless Securityholders 
of such Series have been given at least 30 calendar days’ notice. The 
Total Expense Ratio and any change to the Total Expense Ratio shall 
be published on www.ubs.com/ETF (or such other website notified by 
the Issuer for such Series of EUA Linked Securities from time to time). 
Description of return on EUA 
Linked Securities 
 
Final Redemption Amount 
and Early Redemption 
Amount: 
On the Scheduled Maturity Date for a Series of EUA Linked Securities, 
each EUA Linked Security will become due and payable at its Final 
Redemption Amount.  
 
On an early redemption of the EUA Linked Securities of a Series of 
EUA Linked Securities following the occurrence of an Early 
Redemption Event or an Event of Default, each EUA Linked Security 
(or, in the case of a Sale/Transfer Breach Redemption Event or a 
Consolidation Redemption Event, the Affected Securities only) will 
become due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount.  
 
The Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount per EUA 
Linked Security (as applicable) will be determined by reference to the

--- Page 26 ---
25 
Average EUA Sale Price of the Underlying EUAs held in respect of the 
Series of EUA Linked Securities sold during the Early Redemption 
Disposal Period or the Final Redemption Disposal Period (as 
applicable) by the EUA Disposal Agent, net of (i) associated fees, 
deductions and taxes and (ii) if the amount of interest that has accrued 
on the proceeds of such sale which have been deposited into the Cash 
Account is negative, such amount. The Issuer will, on or prior to the 
Early Redemption Date or Scheduled Maturity Date (as applicable), 
publish the determination of the Early Redemption Amount or Final 
Redemption Amount (which shall include publication of the price, 
number and date of each sale of Underlying EUAs during the Early 
Redemption Disposal Period or Final Redemption Disposal Period (as 
applicable), including information on any fees, deductions and/or taxes 
imposed on such sale, and the determination of the Average EUA Sale 
Price) made available at www.ubs.com/ETF (or such other website 
notified by the Issuer for such Series of EUA Linked Securities from 
time to time). 
There can be no assurance that the Final Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount (as applicable) will be an amount greater than or 
equal to the amount invested by any Securityholder. 
Information about EUAs and 
where such information can 
be found 
Further information relating to EUAs and the EU ETS can be found on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
European 
Commission 
at 
https://climate.ec.europa.eu/eu-action/eu-emissions-trading-system-
eu-ets_en. 
Terms and conditions of the 
offer 
The EUA Linked Securities are being made available by the Issuer for 
subscription only to Authorised Participants. In connection with any 
subscription, Authorised Participants will deliver to the Issuer EUAs 
equal to the aggregate EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security of 
the EUA Linked Securities being subscribed in accordance with 
Condition 8(a) (Further Issues) and/or the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement. 
The Issue Price per EUA Linked Security on the Series Issue Date will 
be specified in the Final Terms and shall be an amount equal to (A) the 
Initial EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security multiplied by (B) the 
EUA Reference Price with respect to the Series Issue Date. The Issue 
Price per EUA Linked Security for any subsequent Tranche of EUA 
Linked Securities of that Series issued after the Series Issue Date will 
be equal to the Value per EUA Linked Security in respect of the relevant 
Subscription Trade Date relating to such Tranche.

--- Page 27 ---
26 
RISK FACTORS 
Before purchasing the EUA Linked Securities, you should carefully consider the following information, 
together with the other information contained in this Base Prospectus, any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus and any Final Terms, and reach your own conclusions prior to making a decision in respect of 
any investment, in consultation with your professional advisors as you deem necessary.  
The following risk factors set out those factors that we believe:  
 
represent the principal risks to you inherent in investing in the EUA Linked Securities;  
 
may affect our ability to fulfil our obligations under the EUA Linked Securities; and/or  
 
are material for the purposes of assessing the risks associated with the EUA Linked Securities (by 
reference to general criteria that are not particular to your specific circumstances).  
The risks in this section are not exhaustive. There may be other reasons why we cannot fulfil our obligations 
under the EUA Linked Securities. 
The risk factors identified in this Base Prospectus are provided to assist you in assessing certain relevant 
risks related to your prospective investment and to assist you in making your own informed investment 
decision in respect of the EUA Linked Securities.  
You should be aware that more than one risk factor may have simultaneous effects on the EUA Linked 
Securities, such that the effect of a particular risk factor may not be predictable. In addition, more than one 
risk factor may have a compounding effect which may not be predictable.  
All capitalised terms used in this section “Risk Factors” shall have the meanings given to them in other 
sections of this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise defined in this section “Risk Factors” of this Base 
Prospectus. In this section “Risk Factors” we refer to current and prospective investors in the EUA Linked 
Securities as “you” and “your”. Unless otherwise indicated, references to “we”, “our” and “us” refer to the 
Issuer only. 
Risks relating to us 
We are a special purpose vehicle 
We are a special purpose vehicle. Our principal business is the issue of securities. We have, and will have, 
no assets with which to make any payments under any Series of EUA Linked Securities other than our 
issued and paid-up share capital and the agreements entered into by us in connection with a Series of 
EUA Linked Securities issued by us. Nor will we have any other assets to meet claims made against us 
either in respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities or any other claims against us. The sole assets 
available to fund payments under a Series of EUA Linked Securities will be the Mortgaged Property (which 
consists of our rights under various agreements and cash held on our behalf) to which that Series of EUA 
Linked Securities relates. Assets held in relation to one Series of EUA Linked Securities are not available 
to satisfy the claims of holders of a different Series of EUA Linked Securities.  
Accordingly, there are risks in investing in the EUA Linked Securities which differ from risks in investing in 
instruments issued by a trading company with substantial assets and/or operations. 
We are structured to be insolvency-remote, but are not insolvency proof 
We are structured to be insolvency-remote. We will contract with parties who agree not to make any 
application to start winding-up or bankruptcy or similar proceedings against us. We are permitted (as 
provided for in the Trust Deed) to contract only with parties who agree with such restrictions.  
However, we are not insolvency-proof. Claims may arise against us which may permit a party to start 
insolvency proceedings against us or the contractual restrictions may not be respected in all jurisdictions.

--- Page 28 ---
27 
For example, claims may arise from third parties that have no direct contractual relationship with us or we 
may contract with parties which permit such parties to start winding-up or bankruptcy or similar proceedings 
against us.  
A creditor (including a contingent or prospective creditor) that has not accepted non-petition provisions in 
respect of us may be entitled to make an application for the commencement of insolvency proceedings 
against us. This may entitle such a creditor to terminate contracts with us and claim damages for any loss 
suffered as a result of such early termination. If the EUA Linked Securities remain outstanding at the time 
that any insolvency proceedings are commenced, this may also lead to an early redemption of the EUA 
Linked Securities and related enforcement actions.  
Limited Recourse  
Each Series of EUA Linked Securities are limited recourse securities. This means your rights against us in 
respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities are limited to the Mortgaged Property in respect of that Series. 
Our obligations in respect of the EUA Linked Securities are not guaranteed by any other person, and no 
other person, including any of the Transaction Parties, has any obligation to you for payment of any amount 
by us in respect of the EUA Linked Securities. There is no guarantee that you will recover any amounts 
payable under the EUA Linked Securities. 
Our ability to meet our obligations in respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities will depend on us 
realising the value of or receiving money due to us under the Mortgaged Property. You have no recourse 
to us beyond the moneys we receive from the Mortgaged Property. If following realisation in full of the 
Mortgaged Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement), the net proceeds of such realisation 
is insufficient to meet all payments due by us in respect of the EUA Linked Securities, there are no other 
assets which shall be available to meet such payment shortfall (including any assets securing other Series 
of EUA Linked Securities). This means that you will receive less than you would otherwise be entitled to 
under your EUA Linked Securities (and possibly zero) and you will have no right to make a claim against 
us for the shortfall. Accordingly, you may suffer a significant, and potentially complete, loss on your 
investment. 
You should also know that EUA Linked Securities of a Series are not, and do not represent or give you 
any interest in, the Underlying EUAs in respect of that Series.  
We have appointed a corporate services provider  
We have appointed the Corporate Services Provider in accordance with the terms of a corporate services 
agreement. The Corporate Services Provider is an independent, third party entity which has agreed to 
provide certain administrative, accounting and related services to us. All of our directors are employees of 
the Corporate Services Provider.  
Our operations may be adversely affected by the termination of the appointment of the Corporate Services 
Provider. We may also be adversely affected by the insolvency or bankruptcy of the Corporate Services 
Provider or any default, negligence or fraud on the part of the Corporate Services Provider or any of its 
employees or agents. The termination of the appointment of the Corporate Services Provider or the 
insolvency or bankruptcy of the Corporate Services Provider, or default, negligence or fraud may result in 
a disruption of services to us, and may result in an inability or delay on our part in making payments to you 
in respect of the EUA Linked Securities. This means that if the appointment of the Corporate Services 
Provider is terminated, you may receive lower payments, or no payments, on your EUA Linked Securities, 
or that payments on your EUA Linked Securities may be delayed.  
Centre of Main Interests  
We have our registered office in Ireland. Under Regulation (EU) No. 2015/848 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast) (the “Recast EU Insolvency 
Regulation”), our centre of main interest (“COMI”) is presumed to be the place of our registered office (i.e.

--- Page 29 ---
28 
Ireland) in the absence of proof to the contrary and provided that we do not move our registered office 
within the three months prior to a request to open insolvency proceedings. 
As our COMI is presumed to be Ireland, any main insolvency proceedings in respect of us would fall within 
the jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland. As to what might constitute “proof to the contrary” regarding the 
location of a company’s COMI, the key decision is that in Re Eurofood IFSC Ltd ([2004] 4 IR 370 (Irish 
High Court); [2006] IESC 41 (Irish Supreme Court); [2006] Ch 508; ECJ Case C-341/04 (European Court 
of Justice)), given in respect of the equivalent provision in the previous EU Insolvency Regulation 
(Regulation (EC) No. 1346/2000). In that case, on a reference from the Irish Supreme Court, the European 
Court of Justice concluded that “factors which are both objective and ascertainable by third parties” would 
be needed to demonstrate that a company’s actual situation is different from that which the location of its 
registered office is deemed to reflect. 
For instance, if a company with its registered office in Ireland does not carry on any business in Ireland, 
that could rebut the presumption that the company’s COMI is in Ireland. However, if a company with its 
registered office in Ireland does carry on business in Ireland, the fact that its economic choices are 
controlled by a parent undertaking in another jurisdiction would not, of itself, be sufficient to rebut the 
presumption. 
As we have our registered office in Ireland, our directors are tax resident in Ireland and are registered for 
tax in Ireland, and we have retained an Irish corporate services provider, we do not believe that factors 
exist that would rebut the presumption that our COMI is located in Ireland, although this would ultimately 
be a matter for the relevant court to decide based on the circumstances existing at the time when it was 
asked to make that decision. If our COMI was found to be in another EU jurisdiction and not in Ireland, 
main insolvency proceedings would be opened in that jurisdiction instead.  
If, for any reason, our COMI were deemed to be in any other jurisdiction, then the main insolvency 
proceedings applicable to us may be governed by the law of that other jurisdiction, which may be different 
from Irish law, and may potentially treat your claims (as a Securityholder) against us less favourably than 
if the insolvency proceedings were governed by Irish law. 
Preferred Creditors under Irish Law and Floating Charges 
Under Irish law, upon an insolvency of an Irish company such as us, when applying the proceeds of assets 
subject to fixed security that may have been realised in the course of a liquidation or receivership, the 
claims of a limited category of preferential creditors will take priority over the claims of creditors holding the 
relevant fixed security. These preferred claims include the remuneration, costs and expenses properly 
incurred by any examiner of the company (which may include any borrowings made by an examiner to 
fund the company’s requirements for the duration of his appointment) that have been approved by the Irish 
courts. See “Examinership” below.  
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish incorporated company (which would include 
us) may be required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners, to pay to them sums equivalent to those that the holder received in payment of debts due 
to it by the company. 
Where the notice has been given to the Irish Revenue Commissioners of the creation of the security within 
21 calendar days of its creation by the holder of the security, the holder’s liability is limited to the amount 
of certain outstanding Irish tax liabilities of the company (including liabilities in respect of VAT, income tax 
and local property tax) arising after the issuance of the Irish Revenue Commissioners’ notice to the holder 
of fixed security.  
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company by 
another person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of outstanding tax, whether 
the liabilities are due on its own account or as an agent or trustee. The scope of this right of the Irish

--- Page 30 ---
29 
Revenue Commissioners has not yet been considered by the Irish courts and it may override the rights of 
holders of security (whether fixed or floating) over the debt in question.  
In relation to the disposal of assets of any Irish tax resident company that are subject to security, a person 
entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains made by the 
company on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security. 
The essence of a fixed charge is that the chargor does not have liberty to deal with the assets that are the 
subject matter of the security in the sense of disposing of such assets or expending or appropriating the 
moneys or claims constituting such assets and accordingly, if and to the extent that such liberty is given to 
us, any charge constituted by the Trust Deed for a Series may operate as a floating, rather than a fixed 
charge. In particular, the Irish courts have held that in order to create a fixed charge on receivables it is 
necessary to oblige the chargor to pay the proceeds of collection of the receivables into a designated bank 
account and to prohibit the chargor from withdrawing or otherwise dealing with the monies standing to the 
credit of such account without the consent of the chargee. 
Depending upon the level of control actually exercised by us, there is therefore a possibility that the fixed 
security purported to be created by the Trust Deed for a Series would be regarded by the Irish courts as a 
floating charge. 
Floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following: 
(a) they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative pledge 
contained in the floating charge) and the chargees of the assets concerned and against lien 
holders, execution creditors and creditors with rights of set-off; 
(b) as discussed above, they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees 
and certain taxes on winding-up;  
(c) they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities; 
(d) the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by the floating 
charge; 
(e) in a winding up, insofar as the assets of a company available for payment of general creditors 
are insufficient to meet them, preferential creditors’ claims will rank above floating charge 
holders’ claims, regardless of whether the floating charge has crystallised or not; and  
(f) 
they rank after fixed charges. 
 
If the fixed charges created pursuant to the Trust Deed are regarded as floating charges instead of fixed 
charges, this could negatively impact the value of your EUA Linked Securities. 
Examinership  
Examinership is a court procedure available under the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended, the “Irish 
Companies Act”) to facilitate the survival of Irish companies in financial difficulties. 
We, our directors, our contingent, prospective or actual creditors, or our shareholders holding, at the date 
of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth of our voting share capital are each entitled to petition 
the court for the appointment of an examiner. The examiner, once appointed, has the power to set aside 
contracts and arrangements entered into by the company after his appointment and, in certain 
circumstances, can avoid a negative pledge given by the company prior to his appointment. Furthermore, 
the examiner may sell assets that are the subject of a fixed charge. However, if such power is exercised 
the examiner must account to the holders of the fixed charge for the amount realised and discharge the 
amount due to them out of the proceeds of sale. 
During the period of protection, the examiner will formulate proposals for a compromise or scheme of 
arrangement to assist the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a going 
concern. A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the Irish High Court or Circuit Court (as applicable)

--- Page 31 ---
30 
when at least one class of creditors whose interests or claims would be impaired by implementation of the 
proposal (such class of creditors must be one which would receive a payment in a liquidation scenario) 
has voted in favour of the proposals and the relevant Irish court is satisfied that such proposals are fair 
and equitable in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals and 
whose interests would be impaired by the implementation of the scheme of arrangement. 
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form 
separate classes of creditors. In our case, if the Trustee represented the majority in number and value of 
claims within the secured creditor class, the Trustee would be in a position to reject any proposal not in 
your favour. The Trustee would also be entitled to argue at the relevant Irish court hearing at which the 
proposed scheme of arrangement is considered that the proposals are unfair and inequitable in relation to 
you, especially if such proposals include a writing down of the value of amounts due by us to you. The 
primary risks to you, if an examiner were to be appointed in respect of us, are as follows: 
(i) 
the potential for a scheme of arrangement to be approved involving the writing down of the debt 
owed by us to you as secured by the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the EUA Linked Securities 
or the transaction documents prohibiting the creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by 
us to enable the examiner to borrow to fund us during the protection period; and 
(iii) 
in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and we subsequently go into liquidation, 
the examiner’s remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings incurred by the examiner 
on behalf of us and approved by the relevant Irish court) will take priority over the monies and 
liabilities which from time to time are or may become due, owing or payable by us to each of the 
secured creditors under the EUA Linked Securities or the transaction documents or under any other 
secured obligations. 
The impact of such risks for you as Securityholders is that the value of the EUA Linked Securities may be 
negatively impacted or you may suffer a delay in receiving payments or may receive less or substantially 
less than your initial investment. 
EU Proposal for Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 3 
On 22 December 2021, the European Commission published a legislative proposal for a Council Directive 
to prevent the misuse of shell entities for tax purposes (“ATAD 3”). The new ATAD 3 proposals are aimed 
at legal entities which have limited substance and economic activity in their jurisdictions of residence. 
Where the rules apply, the proposal is that such entities should be denied the benefit of double taxation 
agreements entered into between Member States as well as certain EU tax directives, including the Parent 
Subsidiary Directive and Interest and Royalty Directive. 
As currently drafted, the proposal contains exemptions for certain undertakings including a ‘securitisation 
special purpose entity’ (as defined in Regulation (EU) No 2017/2402 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council) and companies which have a transferable security admitted to trading or listed on a regulated 
market or multilateral trading facility. 
There is no certainty that the proposal will be introduced in its current form. The proposal requires the 
unanimous approval of the EU Council before it is adopted. Until the proposal receives approval and a final 
directive is published, it is not possible to provide definitive guidance on the impact (if any) of the proposal 
on our Irish tax position. 
Our Irish Taxation Position 
We have been advised that we should fall within the Irish regime for the taxation of qualifying companies 
as set out in Section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended) (“Section 110”). As a result, 
it is anticipated that we should be subject to Irish corporation tax only on our profit calculated under 
generally accepted accounting practice, after deducting all of our revenue expenses (including the return

--- Page 32 ---
31 
payable to you in respect of the EUA Linked Securities subject to the EUA Linked Securities being quoted 
Eurobonds for the purpose of Section 64 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 (as amended) and, where 
you are a “specified person” (as defined in the section titled “Irish Taxation”), us not being in possession, 
or aware, of information at the time the EUA Linked Securities were issued which could reasonably be 
taken to indicate that the interest or distribution which would be payable in respect of those EUA Linked 
Securities would not be subject, without any reduction computed by reference to the amount of such 
distribution or return, to a tax in a relevant territory which generally applies to profits, income or gains 
received in that territory, by persons, from sources outside that territory). If, for any reason, we are not or 
cease to be such a “qualifying company” for the purposes of Section 110, we could be obliged to account 
for Irish tax in respect of profits for Irish tax purposes, which are in excess of profit calculated under 
generally accepted accounting practice. This could result in material tax being payable in Ireland which 
has not been contemplated in the cash flows in respect of the EUA Linked Securities issued to you. In such 
circumstances, the Irish tax treatment of both us and payments by us in respect of the EUA Linked 
Securities could be adversely affected. In turn, this may therefore affect the return which you receive on 
the EUA Linked Securities. 
Section 110 provides that certain results dependent or excessive interest payments or distributions payable 
to a “specified person” may not be deductible unless, broadly, those payments are subject to tax in an EU 
member state or a jurisdiction with which Ireland has signed a double taxation agreement. A person will 
be a specified person in respect of us if they control us, or are under common control with us. In broad 
terms, a person will have control in respect of us in this context if they have the ability to secure, through 
shares, voting power or our constitutional documents, that our affairs are conducted in accordance with 
their wishes. The Finance Act 2019 of Ireland extended the concept of specified person, with respect to 
us, to mean that a person will control us (and therefore be a specified person), if they:  
(a) 
have an ability to participate in our financial and operating decisions (“significant influence”); and  
(b) 
hold more than 20 per cent. of any of (i) our share capital, (ii) the principal value of any securities 
which carry a right to interest or distributions which are to any extent dependent on the results of 
our business or exceed a reasonable commercial rate (iii) the right to more than 20 per cent. of the 
interest or distribution payable on securities described at (ii).  
If any payment was made by us to a specified person in respect of us where such payment is not subject 
to tax in the manner noted above, we may not be entitled to take a deduction for such payment for tax 
purposes and we would be subject to tax on any profits which are treated as arising for Irish tax purposes.  
Changes in Irish Tax Law  
Fiscal and taxation policy and practice is constantly evolving and recently the pace of change has 
increased due to a number of developments. In particular a number of changes of law and practice are 
occurring as a result of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) Base 
Erosion and Profit Shifting project and European Anti-Tax Avoidance Directives. 
In the future there may be changes in Irish or non-Irish tax law, regulations, interpretation, treaties or other 
measures which may adversely impact our tax treatment and that of payments on the EUA Linked 
Securities and, consequently, the value of your investment. 
Risks relating to the liquidity and trading of the EUA Linked Securities  
The secondary market and limited liquidity  
The only means through which you can realise value from an EUA Linked Security prior to its Scheduled 
Maturity Date (subject to the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event) is to sell it at its then market price 
in a secondary market transaction to us or an Authorised Participant, other broker or intermediary. Either 
an Authorised Participant or you, as a Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder, can request that we buy-
back the relevant EUA Linked Securities. The relevant Authorised Participant or you, as a Non-Authorised

--- Page 33 ---
32 
Participant Securityholder, requesting the buy-back will receive a number of EUAs equal to the Buy-Back 
Settlement Amount from us against payment by the relevant Authorised Participant or you (as applicable) 
to us of an amount equal to the Buy-Back Payment Amount in accordance with Condition 8(b) (Buy-Back 
of EUA Linked Securities from Authorised Participants) or Condition 8(c) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked 
Securities from Non-Authorised Participant Securityholders) (as applicable). In the case of an AP Buy-
Back Order, since you are redeeming via an Authorised Participant, broker or other intermediary in the 
secondary market, you may receive an amount which is more than, equal to, or less than the Value per 
EUA Linked Security in respect of the relevant Buy-Back Trade Date. EUA Linked Securities which are 
purchased by or on behalf of us from an Authorised Participant in respect of an AP Buy-Back Order shall 
be cancelled. In the case of a Non-AP Buy-Back Order, since you are redeeming directly from us, you will 
only receive a number of EUAs equal to the Buy-Back Settlement Amount in accordance with Condition 
8(c) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Non-Authorised Participant Securityholders). 
The price at which you may be able to sell EUA Linked Securities at any time prior to their Scheduled 
Maturity Date may be substantially less than the price paid by you. This may occur (amongst other reasons) 
as a result of there being limited liquidity for the EUA Linked Securities, or the EUAs not having performed 
sufficiently to increase or maintain the Value per EUA Linked Security of the EUA Linked Securities by 
such amount as is necessary to negate the Total Expense Ratio deducted since the time you purchased 
the EUA Linked Securities. The Value per EUA Linked Security and/or market price of the EUA Linked 
Securities may be volatile and may fall rapidly and you may not be able to sell your EUA Linked Securities 
quickly and/or at a price such that you are able to prevent or minimise any loss of your investment. 
Liquidity Risk 
The market price of the EUA Linked Securities will be a function of the supply and demand amongst 
investors wishing to buy and sell the EUA Linked Securities and the bid/offer spread that market-makers 
are willing to quote for the EUA Linked Securities on any relevant stock exchange or market. If there is a 
high level of demand for a relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities then, other things remaining equal, 
those EUA Linked Securities are likely to trade at a premium. Authorised Participants have the right (but 
not the obligation) to require us to issue further EUA Linked Securities of a Series. If the Authorised 
Participants exercise such right, this will increase supply and would reduce any such premium. If you buy 
EUA Linked Securities at a premium, you risk losing such premium if demand for the relevant Series of 
EUA Linked Securities abates (for example, when new EUA Linked Securities of an existing Series of EUA 
Linked Securities are issued). 
Market-making 
While each Authorised Participant appointed in respect of the Programme and/or a Series of EUA Linked 
Securities may make a market for the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities (i.e., by buying EUA Linked 
Securities and selling them to investors (including you) on the secondary market), the relevant Authorised 
Participant is not obliged to do so and Authorised Participants may discontinue making a market at any 
time and/or may make a market on a different platform or offer only one way markets by quoting either the 
bid price of purchasers or the ask price of sellers, but not both. The price (if any) provided by an Authorised 
Participant for the purchase or sale of EUA Linked Securities in the secondary market will be determined 
at the absolute discretion of that Authorised Participant by reference to such factors as it sees fit and such 
price may take into account fees, charges, duties, taxes, commissions and/or other factors. Any price given 
by an Authorised Participant will be quoted as of a particular date and time and will not therefore reflect 
any subsequent changes in the market price of the EUA Linked Securities and/or any other factors relevant 
to the determination of the price. 
Furthermore, any market in the EUA Linked Securities may not be liquid.

--- Page 34 ---
33 
You should note that: 
(i) 
the number of EUA Linked Securities subject to any offer made by an Authorised Participant or 
otherwise in the secondary market may be affected by market demand for the EUA Linked 
Securities, the number of EUA Linked Securities in issue, whether subscriptions can be processed 
and prevailing market conditions; 
(ii) 
the price (if any) offered by an Authorised Participant or any other seller or purchaser, may be less 
than the current Value per EUA Linked Security of the EUA Linked Securities. In addition, any such 
price may be subject to fees, charges, duties, taxes and/or commissions; 
(iii) 
you may not be able to sell your EUA Linked Securities quickly, easily or at prices that will provide 
you with a yield comparable to other investments; 
(iv) 
any price at which the EUA Linked Securities may be sold in a secondary market transaction prior 
to their Scheduled Maturity Date may be at a discount, which could be substantial, to the price at 
which the EUA Linked Securities were acquired by the relevant purchaser; and 
(v) 
illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market price of EUA Linked Securities. 
You should be aware that not all market participants and Authorised Participants will determine the price 
of the EUA Linked Securities in the same manner, and the variation between such valuations and prices 
quoted may be substantial. Accordingly, any prices provided by an Authorised Participant may not be 
representative of prices that may be provided by other market participants. 
You should be aware that EUA Linked Securities requested for issue and subscribed for by an Authorised 
Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such Authorised Participant and offered for sale and/or 
sold over a period of time. You should not assume that EUA Linked Securities will automatically be placed 
with prospective investors by the relevant Authorised Participant(s) immediately upon issue. To the extent 
that the Authorised Participants hold EUA Linked Securities at any time, they may exercise their rights 
under them in such manner as they see fit in their own interests and need not have regard to your interests 
or the interests of any other person. In particular, the Authorised Participants may vote at any meeting of 
Securityholders or approve any resolution as they see fit (including with respect to any changes to the 
terms of the EUA Linked Securities proposed by us). 
Market price of the EUA Linked Securities 
You can buy and sell EUA Linked Securities in the same manner as you buy and sell other listed securities. 
You, as an investor trading EUA Linked Securities intraday, are given a “bid price”, at which you can sell 
an EUA Linked Security, and an “offer price” representing the pricing point at which you can buy your EUA 
Linked Securities in the market. The bid and offer prices for EUA Linked Securities at any time are likely 
to be different to the Value per EUA Linked Security. This is because the bid and offer prices reflect market 
liquidity and other market conditions at a particular time, whereas the Value per EUA Linked Security is 
calculated based on the EUA Reference Price. 
General movements in local and international markets and factors that affect the investment climate and 
investor sentiment could all affect the level of trading and, therefore, the market price of the EUA Linked 
Securities. You should note that general movements in markets and factors that affect the investor climate 
and investor sentiment may have different effects on each Series of EUA Linked Securities. 
The market price of the EUA Linked Securities will be affected by a number of factors, including, but not 
limited to: 
(i) 
the value and volatility of EUAs linked to the EUA Linked Security; 
(ii) 
market perception, interest rates and yields;

--- Page 35 ---
34 
(iii) 
global economic, financial and political events and factors affecting capital markets generally and 
the stock exchanges (if any) on which the EUA Linked Securities are traded;  
(iv) 
the creditworthiness of the EUA Disposal Agent, the EUA Custodian, the Account Bank, and the 
Authorised Participants; and 
(v) 
liquidity in the EUA Linked Securities. 
Risks relating to the EUA Linked Securities 
Redemption of the EUA Linked Securities at maturity  
Our ability to make payment of the Final Redemption Amount is dependent on the EUA Disposal Agent 
fulfilling its obligations under the relevant Agency Agreement, as well as: (a) our receipt in full of the net 
proceeds of the liquidation of the Underlying EUAs in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked 
Securities and, in respect of the Specified Interest Amount, the amount of interest which has accrued (if 
any) on the proceeds of realisation of such Underlying EUAs which have been deposited into the Cash 
Account during the Final Redemption Disposal Period; (b) the EUA Disposal Agent having sold all of the 
relevant Underlying EUAs on or prior to the last day of the Final Redemption Disposal Period; and (c) the 
number of Underlying EUAs held by the EUA Custodian on our behalf as at the first day of the Final 
Redemption Disposal Period being at least equal to the aggregate EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked 
Security as at the Final Redemption Commencement Date.  
All payments due on the EUA Linked Securities are also subject to the limited recourse nature of the EUA 
Linked Securities. As a result, you may not receive in full the Early Redemption Amount or Final 
Redemption Amount payable in respect of an EUA Linked Security and may receive zero.  
Extension of Scheduled Maturity Date 
For Securityholders who intend to retain their holdings of EUA Linked Securities until maturity, it should be 
noted that, subject to certain requirements (as further set out in Condition 18(d) (Extension of the 
Scheduled Maturity Date)), we may (by notice to the Transaction Parties and Securityholders (including 
you)) extend the Scheduled Maturity Date to a date falling no more than 50 calendar years after the then 
current Scheduled Maturity Date. If we extend the Scheduled Maturity Date, Securityholders should be 
aware that they will not be entitled to receive the Final Redemption Amount until the extended maturity 
date of the EUA Linked Securities has been reached. Securityholders who do not want to retain their 
holdings of EUA Linked Securities until maturity will however be entitled to request a buy-back of their EUA 
Linked Securities at any time in accordance with Condition 8(b) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from 
Authorised Participants) and Condition 8(c) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Non-Authorised 
Participant Securityholders). 
The Specified Interest Amount 
The EUA Linked Securities do not pay periodic interest. However, a Specified Interest Amount may be 
payable at final maturity or an early redemption as part of the Final Redemption Amount or Early 
Redemption Amount (as applicable). 
The Specified Interest Amount will be a pass-through of the amount of interest (if any) received on the 
proceeds of realisation of the relevant Underlying EUAs deposited in the Cash Account. Such interest 
amount may be negative, in which case such amount will be deducted from the net proceeds of the 
liquidation of the relevant Underlying EUAs. As a result, you should be aware that to the extent there is 
any negative interest charged on the Cash Account which exceeds any positive interest accrued on the 
Cash Account, this could reduce the amount payable to you under the relevant Series of EUA Linked 
Securities.

--- Page 36 ---
35 
Early Redemption Events and Events of Default  
The EUA Linked Securities of a Series may be redeemed prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date following 
the occurrence of one or more Early Redemption Events or Events of Default, in accordance with their 
terms and as further described in Conditions 9 (Redemption) and 14 (Events of Default).  
The Early Redemption Events include, amongst other things, certain tax events, a change in applicable 
law or regulation relating to the Series, the termination of the appointment of an Agent or all of the 
Authorised Participants and certain regulatory events. We may also, at any time, unilaterally elect to 
redeem all the EUA Linked Securities of a Series by notice to the Securityholders (including you).  
The Programme Administrator may also determine (in its sole discretion and without regard to any related 
determination by any of the other parties or any action taken, omitted to be taken or suffered to be taken 
by any other person, including, without limitation, any creditor of the other parties) and give notice to the 
Transaction Parties, the Securityholders (including you) and us that regulatory changes (including changes 
to applicable policies (including the EU emissions policy), law or the electronic accounting systems) 
impacting the EUAs or the Union Registry after the Series Issue Date make it unlawful for the EUA Disposal 
Agent, the EUA Custodian or us to: 
(i) 
perform any absolute or contingent obligation to make a delivery in respect of the EUAs constituting 
the Underlying EUAs or any agreement entered into in connection with the EUAs constituting the 
Underlying EUAs;  
(ii) 
hold, or in the case of the EUA Custodian, manage and/or operate the EUA Custody Account on 
our behalf, in respect of the Underlying EUAs or to receive a delivery in respect of the Underlying 
EUAs; or  
(iii) 
comply with any other material provision of any agreement entered into in connection with the 
Underlying EUAs, 
following which the EUA Linked Securities will redeem early.  
Therefore, you may receive a return on your investment at an unexpected time, which may (i) affect, among 
other things, your tax planning or (ii) prevent you from reinvesting the redemption proceeds in another 
investment at the time that provides an equivalent return.  
Following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event, or the delivery by the Trustee of an Event of 
Default Redemption Notice in respect of an Event of Default under the Conditions of the relevant Series of 
EUA Linked Securities, the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities will become due and payable at the 
Early Redemption Amount. The amount you receive as an Early Redemption Amount will be calculated by 
reference to the net proceeds of the liquidation of the Underlying EUAs in respect of the relevant Series of 
EUA Linked Securities and the Specified Interest Amount. 
De Minimis Theft Event 
If one per cent. or more of the total number of Underlying EUAs in respect of a Series of EUA Linked 
Securities are stolen from the EUA Custody Account, an Early Redemption Event will occur and the EUA 
Linked Securities will be redeemed. However, if less than one per cent. of the total number of Underlying 
EUAs are stolen, the EUA Linked Securities will not be redeemed and the number of EUAs attributable to 
each EUA Linked Security you hold will be reduced to account for the effect of the De Minimis Theft Event.  
Potential loss of investment  
The EUA Linked Securities are not principal protected. The EUA Linked Securities do not guarantee a 
minimum return equal to your initial investment regardless of the performance of the Underlying EUAs. 
Instead, the return on your investment will depend on the Value per EUA Linked Security which is based 
on the price of EUAs. You may therefore lose some or all of your investment if the Underlying EUAs have 
fallen in value since the time you purchased the EUA Linked Securities.

--- Page 37 ---
36 
Programme Administrator and Calculation Agent calculations and determinations  
The Programme Administrator and the Calculation Agent may make discretionary determinations in 
accordance with the Programme Administrator Agreement and the Agency Agreement respectively. 
These discretionary determinations include but are not limited to: 
(i) 
in the case of the Calculation Agent, (a) corrections to the determination of the EUA Entitlement per 
EUA Linked Security and the Value per EUA Linked Security, and (b) determinations regarding the 
validity of a Non-AP Buy Back Order; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the Programme Administrator, (a) adjustments to the levels of the Total Expense Ratio 
(which may potentially result in higher fees being applied which would reduce the return for 
Securityholders (including you)), and (b) determinations regarding the occurrence of Early 
Redemption Events (see risk factor “Early Redemption Events and Events of Default” above). 
When exercising their discretion, the Programme Administrator and the Calculation Agent (i) assume no 
obligations or duty to, or relationship of agency or trust for or with, any Securityholder (including you) and 
(ii) are not obliged to consider the individual interests or circumstances of any particular Securityholder 
(including you). 
This exercise of discretions by the Programme Administrator and/or the Calculation Agent (as the case 
may be) may (i) result in a reduced return on the EUA Linked Securities, or (ii) have a material adverse 
impact on the value of the EUA Linked Securities.  
Disruption Events 
If the Programme Administrator (after consultation with the Calculation Agent), at its discretion, gives a 
Valuation Disruption Event Suspension Notice in respect of any Scheduled Valuation Day, then the EUA 
Entitlement per EUA Linked Security and the Value per EUA Linked Security will not be published in 
respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day.  
In addition, if a Valuation Disruption Event has occurred or exists with respect to any Early Redemption 
Commencement Date or the Final Redemption Commencement Date and either the Programme 
Administrator or the Calculation Agent determines that the relevant Valuation Disruption Event would 
disrupt the actions required to be performed by us or a relevant Transaction Party in connection with an 
Early Redemption Event or the Scheduled Maturity Date, then the Early Redemption Commencement Date 
or Final Redemption Commencement Date (as applicable) shall be postponed until the first following 
Scheduled Valuation Date that is not a Disrupted Day. If the relevant Valuation Disruption Event is still 
subsisting on the 90th Scheduled Valuation Day following the scheduled Early Redemption 
Commencement Date or Final Redemption Commencement Date (as the case may be), the Programme 
Administrator will determine the manner in which the Early Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption 
Amount (as applicable) shall be satisfied. 
Additionally, if any day in the Early Redemption Disposal Period or the Final Redemption Disposal Period 
is a Disrupted Day, then the Programme Administrator may, by notice to us, the Transaction Parties and 
the Securityholders (including you), postpone the Early Redemption Date or the Scheduled Maturity Date 
(as the case may be) until such time as the Programme Administrator determines that either the relevant 
Valuation Disruption Event has ceased or there is no reasonable likelihood of the relevant Valuation 
Disruption Event ceasing. If a Valuation Disruption Event is still subsisting on the postponed Early 
Redemption Date or Scheduled Maturity Date (as the case may be), the Programme Administrator will 
determine the manner in which the Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount (as the case 
may be) shall be satisfied.  
If the Programme Administrator (after consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that an EUA 
Disruption Event is subsisting on any day during the Early Redemption Disposal Period or the Final 
Redemption Disposal Period (as the case may be), the end of the Early Redemption Disposal Period or

--- Page 38 ---
37 
the Final Redemption Disposal Period (as applicable) shall be postponed for up to 90 Business Days, after 
which, if the EUA Disruption Event continues to subsist, the Programme Administrator will determine the 
manner in which the Early Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount (as applicable) shall be 
satisfied. 
You should be aware that, in any of the above scenarios, payment of amounts due to you may be delayed 
and the Programme Administrator may determine that the Early Redemption Amount or the Final 
Redemption Amount (as the case may be) that you receive will be significantly less than the amount you 
invested in the EUA Linked Securities (or even zero). Accordingly, the occurrence of a Valuation Disruption 
Event or an EUA Disruption Event may have an adverse effect on the quantum of, and/or the timing of the 
calculation and payment of, the Early Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount payable to 
you.  
A Valuation Disruption Event Suspension Notice may be given in connection with the following events:  
(i) 
the EUA Reference Price Source fails to calculate and announce the EUA Reference Price; 
(ii) 
an event or circumstance beyond the control of the Calculation Agent, including (but not limited to) 
a technical or operational issue, such that it is impossible for the Calculation Agent to perform its 
obligations under the Agency Agreement that are required to be performed for the EUA Entitlement 
per EUA Linked Security and the Value per EUA Linked Security to be determined in respect of a 
Scheduled Valuation Day; or  
(iii) 
any other event which disrupts or impairs the ability of the Calculation Agent to determine the EUA 
Entitlement per EUA Linked Security or the Value per EUA Linked Security.  
Subordination of your claims 
Following realisation of the Mortgaged Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement), your rights 
to be paid amounts due under the EUA Linked Securities, as a Securityholder, will be subject to the order 
of priority set out in Condition 16 (Application of Mortgaged Property and Proceeds of Enforcement of 
Security), which is as follows: 
(i) 
the payment or satisfaction of the Issuer’s share of any taxes owing by it;  
(ii) 
the payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts 
properly incurred by or payable to the Trustee, any Appointee or any receiver under or pursuant to 
the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document;  
(iii) 
the payment or satisfaction of the Series Overheads in respect of the EUA Linked Securities;  
(iv) 
the payment of any amounts owing to any Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement in respect 
of proper payment of principal made to the Securityholders; 
(v) 
the payment, with each of the following parties in (I) to (V) having an equal right to payment, of any 
fees, expenses or other amounts due to (I) the Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Transfer Agent and the EUA Disposal Agent, pursuant to the Agency Agreement, (II) the 
Programme Administrator pursuant to the Programme Administrator Agreement, (III) the Account 
Bank pursuant to the Account Bank Agreement, (IV) any Authorised Participant under an Authorised 
Participant Agreement, and (V) the EUA Custodian pursuant to the EUA Custody Account, in each 
case to the extent they relate to the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities;  
(vi) 
the payment of any amounts owing to you, as a Securityholder, by us proportionately to your 
entitlement, with your right to payment being equal to the right to payment of the other 
Securityholders; and  
(vii) 
in payment of the balance (if any) to us.

--- Page 39 ---
38 
Fees and reduction in the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security 
In respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities, we are required to pay certain fees to each of the 
Programme Administrator, the EUA Custodian and the EUA Disposal Agent. Such fees accrue, in 
aggregate, at a rate per annum equal to the Total Expense Ratio for such Series. The Total Expense Ratio 
is applied on a daily basis to reduce the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security and therefore operates 
as a charge on Securityholders of the relevant Series. In order to satisfy these fees, the EUA Disposal 
Agent (acting on our behalf) will periodically realise Underlying EUAs representing the aggregate reduction 
in the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security since the previous realisation (subject to rounding). There 
can be no assurance that the Underlying EUAs will perform sufficiently to increase or maintain the Value 
per EUA Linked Security of the EUA Linked Securities by such amount as is necessary to negate the Total 
Expense Ratio deducted since the time you purchased the EUA Linked Securities.  
In addition, the level of these fees may vary from time to time and the Programme Administrator has the 
right to adjust the level of the Total Expense Ratio accordingly. Any increase in the Total Expense Ratio 
will result in an increase in the daily reduction of the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security.  
Enforcement  
As a Securityholder, your rights include the right to any payments or deliveries due to holders of EUA 
Linked Securities in accordance with the Conditions. You may also have the right to make certain 
determinations or decisions (which may sometimes be required to be made by a resolution of 
Securityholders or which may simply require a direction in writing by a specified percentage of 
Securityholders) and we may only take certain actions with respect to the EUA Linked Securities if 
approved by Securityholders. You should note that, notwithstanding that you may be owed payments under 
the EUA Linked Securities, your rights of direct action against us are limited as the right to take such action 
is generally instead vested in the Trustee. 
The Conditions specify the requirements for exercising each right in respect of the EUA Linked Securities, 
including the person (if any) that is entitled to enforce such right on behalf of the Securityholders and the 
required percentage of Securityholders (if any) that may direct such person to enforce such right. For 
example, the Conditions specify that only the Trustee may exercise the right to enforce the security on 
behalf of Securityholders if a default in payment by us has occurred. The Securityholders may direct the 
Trustee to exercise such rights by way of an Extraordinary Resolution or in writing by Securityholders of at 
least one-fifth in number of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities and provided that the Trustee has 
been secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. An “Extraordinary Resolution” 
means a resolution passed at a duly convened meeting by a majority consisting of not less than 75 per 
cent. of the votes cast at such meeting or a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of Securityholders 
of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of EUA Linked Securities of that Series of EUA 
Linked Securities. 
We have executed a Trust Deed in respect of the EUA Linked Securities, under which we have covenanted 
to the Trustee that we will make the relevant payments due on the EUA Linked Securities. The Trustee 
holds the benefit of this covenant for Securityholders. If we fail to make a payment or delivery when due, 
only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce your rights, unless 
the Trustee fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time after having become bound to do so and 
such failure is continuing.  
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Trust Deed governs the calling of meetings of Securityholders (including you) to consider matters 
affecting your interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Securityholders 
(including you) of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities, including Securityholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Securityholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
You will be bound by the decisions of other Securityholders even if you did not attend the meeting where 
the decision was made or voted against the decision.

--- Page 40 ---
39 
The Trust Deed also allows the Trustee, without your consent or the consent of other Securityholders, to 
agree to (i) any modification to the Conditions of the EUA Linked Securities, the relevant Trust Deed or 
any other Transaction Document entered into in connection with the EUA Linked Securities if it decides 
the modification is formal, minor or technical or made to correct a manifest error or (ii) any other 
modification, any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the Conditions of the 
EUA Linked Securities, the relevant Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document entered into in 
connection with the EUA Linked Securities if it decides the modification, waiver or authorisation is not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Securityholders. The Trustee will consider the interests of 
Securityholders as a class and will not consider the interests of individual Securityholders.  
Securityholder directions 
The Conditions of the EUA Linked Securities permit the holders of one-fifth or more of the outstanding 
number of EUA Linked Securities of a Series, upon the Programme Administrator becoming entitled to 
serve a Tax Redemption Event Notice or at any time after the Security has become enforceable, to direct 
the Trustee to deliver a notice or take such other action in accordance with the Conditions, whereupon the 
Early Redemption Amount in respect of that Series of EUA Linked Securities will become due and payable 
on the relevant Early Redemption Date and/or the Security will be enforced by the Trustee. You should be 
aware, however, that the Trustee will not be obliged to take any step or action or to act in accordance with 
any such direction unless the Trustee has been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction by one or more Securityholders. This may result in a delay in any step or action being taken 
by the Trustee or, if the Securityholders cannot put adequate arrangements in place, in no step or action 
being taken by the Trustee. 
Taxation and no gross-up  
Each Securityholder (including you) will assume and be solely responsible for any and all Taxes of any 
jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local Taxes 
or other like assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to a Securityholder in respect 
of the EUA Linked Securities. In the event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of Tax is 
imposed on payments on the EUA Linked Securities, the Securityholders (including you) will be subject to 
such tax or deduction and will not be entitled to receive amounts to compensate for such withholding or 
deduction. No Event of Default will occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction. 
Transfers of EUAs to or from us under the Authorised Participant Agreement, transfers of EUA Linked 
Securities to us in the case of a Non-AP Buy-Back Order or payments of the sale proceeds of EUAs to us 
in the case of liquidation of Underlying EUAs may be subject to charges, withholding or deduction for, or 
on account of, Taxes. In such circumstances the sums available to us (and/or the Trustee) to pay the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount (as applicable) may not be sufficient to satisfy in full 
your claims and all creditors whose claims rank in priority to yours as a Securityholder. 
We may become liable for Tax charges or be required to account for Tax whether by direct assessment or 
withholding. If any such event occurs as a result of a change in law or regulation that materially increases 
the cost to us of performing our obligations under the EUA Linked Securities or makes it illegal for us to do 
the same or to hold, acquire or dispose of the EUAs, the EUA Linked Securities may become subject to 
early redemption. Accordingly, there is a risk that you may receive a lower return on your investment than 
you would have done had such early redemption not occurred. 
You should consult your selling agent for details of fees, expenses, commissions or other costs and your 
own tax advisors in order to understand fully the tax implications specific to investment in any EUA Linked 
Securities. 
Regulatory events  
The global financial crisis of 2008 onwards led to an increased regulation of financial activities. The United 
States of America, the EU, the UK and other jurisdictions have implemented, and are still in the process of

--- Page 41 ---
40 
implementing, various reform measures. Such regulatory changes and the method of their implementation 
may have a significant effect on the operation of financial markets. In many cases, it is uncertain how such 
regulatory reform would affect us, the treatment of instruments such as the EUA Linked Securities or the 
activities of other parties that have roles with respect to the EUA Linked Securities, such as (without 
limitation) the Programme Administrator and the Trustee. You should be aware that we have a general 
right to redeem the EUA Linked Securities at their Early Redemption Amount (see “Risks Relating to the 
EUA Linked Securities – Early Redemption Events and Events of Default”). The impact (or likely or 
proposed impact) of regulatory reform may lead us to exercise such right. As the Early Redemption Amount 
is determined by reference to the Average EUA Sale Price, you may lose some or all of your investment if 
the Underlying EUAs have fallen in value since the time you purchased the EUA Linked Securities. 
Exchange rates and exchange controls  
We will make payments in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities in the Specified 
Currency, being euro. This will create currency conversion risks if your financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. 
These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation 
of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the 
value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent return on the EUA Linked Securities, (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of 
the amount(s) payable on the EUA Linked Securities and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent market 
value of the EUA Linked Securities. 
Change of law  
The terms and conditions of the EUA Linked Securities are based on relevant laws in effect as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. Any future judicial decision or change to relevant laws or administrative practices 
after the date of this Base Prospectus may have an unfavourable or adverse impact on you, including a 
reduction in the value of the Underlying EUAs. A future judicial decision, change of law or administrative 
practice may make EUAs a commercially unattractive asset and therefore cause the demand for EUAs on 
the secondary market to fall, which will directly impact the value of your EUA Linked Securities and, 
consequently, the anticipated return on your investment. 
Rounding  
The number of EUAs determined by the Calculation Agent as being deliverable to us pursuant to a 
Subscription Order is rounded up to the nearest whole number (such number being the Subscription 
Settlement Amount) so an Authorised Participant may be required to deliver more EUAs on subscription 
than expected. Similarly, the number of EUAs determined by the Calculation Agent as being deliverable to 
either (i) an Authorised Participant in respect of an AP Buy-Back Order or (ii) a Non-Authorised Participant 
Securityholder in respect of a Non-AP Buy-Back Order is rounded down to the nearest whole number (such 
number being the Buy-Back Settlement Amount) so an Authorised Participant or Non-Authorised 
Participant Securityholder may receive fewer EUAs on buy-back than expected. Therefore, your 
investment may yield a lesser return than expected.  
The number of EUAs which are realised for the purposes of satisfying the fees which will accrue, in 
aggregate, at a rate per annum equal to the Total Expense Ratio may also be rounded on such rounding 
basis as may be agreed between the EUA Disposal Agent and the Calculation Agent from time to time, in 
accordance with the Agency Agreement. Therefore, fewer EUAs than expected may be available to be: 
(i) 
delivered to (a) an Authorised Participant following an AP Buy-Back Order, or (b) a Non-Authorised 
Participant Securityholder (including you) following a Non-AP Buy-Back Order, since EUAs realised 
for the purposes of satisfying such fees are deducted when determining the EUA Entitlement per 
EUA Linked Security; and

--- Page 42 ---
41 
(ii) 
liquidated by the EUA Disposal Agent to enable us to pay to you the Early Redemption Amount or 
Final Redemption Amount, reducing the Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount 
payable. 
EUA Linked Securities in global form 
Registered Global Certificates will be held by or on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or Relevant Clearing Systems, as applicable. You will be reliant on their procedures for transfer, 
payment and communication with us. Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Relevant 
Clearing Systems, as the case may be, will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Registered 
Global Certificate. While the EUA Linked Securities are represented by one or more Registered Global 
Certificate, you will be able to trade your beneficial interests only through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or Relevant Clearing Systems, as the case may be. 
While the EUA Linked Securities are represented by one or more Registered Global Certificate, we will 
discharge our payment obligations under the EUA Linked Securities by making payments to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Relevant Clearing Systems, as the case may be, for distribution 
to their accountholders. A holder of an interest in a Registered Global Certificate must rely on the 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Relevant Clearing Systems, as the case 
may be, to receive payments under the relevant EUA Linked Securities. We do not have responsibility or 
liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in Registered Global 
Certificates. 
Holders of beneficial interests in Registered Global Certificates will not have a direct right to vote in respect 
of the relevant EUA Linked Securities. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that 
they are enabled by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Relevant Clearing Systems, as the 
case may be, to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Risks relating to EUAs  
EUA-linked securities 
The EUA Linked Securities are securities which are linked to the price of EUAs.  
You should be aware that the price of EUAs can go down as well as up and that the performance of EUAs 
in any future period may not mirror their past performance. There can be no assurance as to the future 
performance of EUAs. 
The Value per EUA Linked Security of the EUA Linked Securities incorporates a deduction for the Total 
Expense Ratio which affects how closely the EUA Linked Securities track the value of EUAs. Due to this 
and other factors, the EUA Linked Securities may trade differently from the performance of EUAs and 
changes in the market price of EUAs may not result in a comparable change in the market price or in the 
Value per EUA Linked Security of the EUA Linked Securities.  
The value of EUAs is dependent upon macroeconomic factors including, but not limited to, supply and 
demand, liquidity, performance of certain sectors caught under compliance schemes, any new 
developments in technology or other innovations which have the potential to reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions or to sequestrate carbon, global and regional events, changes in economic and climate policy, 
direct investment costs and changes in tax rates and changes in laws, regulations and the activities of 
governmental or regulatory bodies. These events are outside of our control and their occurrence may have 
a positive or negative impact on the price of EUAs. An investment in the EUA Linked Securities is not the 
same as investing directly in and physically holding EUAs themselves. Whilst there may be certain reasons 
why an entity may hold an inventory of EUAs directly (for example, where they are subject to the EU ETS 
and are required to surrender a number of EUAs equivalent to their greenhouse gas emissions), it also 
poses administrative burdens and costs, including those arising from maintaining EUA holding account(s). 
These administrative burdens and costs may prove unattractive to you if you are interested solely in the

--- Page 43 ---
42 
price movement of EUAs. Each Series of EUA Linked Securities permits an investor to obtain exposure to 
the price of EUAs without being directly subject to these administrative burdens and costs (although you 
will incur a fee represented by the deduction of the Total Expense Ratio in determining the EUA Entitlement 
per EUA Linked Security). However, you, as an investor in a product linked to EUAs, can nevertheless be 
indirectly exposed to the administrative burdens and costs mentioned above, as these may be reflected in 
the prices at which EUAs can be bought and therefore in the price of the EUA Linked Securities.  
Holding and transfer of EUAs by the EUA Custodian 
EUAs are held in accounts in the Union Registry, managed by individual Member States (pursuant to 
Article 19(1) of the “EU ETS Directive” 2003/87/EC). Every account has an administrator responsible for 
administering the account on behalf of a Member State or on behalf of the Union. The Underlying EUAs in 
respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities will be held on a pooled basis in an EUA account opened by, 
and in the name of the EUA Custodian, in the Luxembourg section of the Union Registry. A separate EUA 
account will be opened in respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities. The EUAs will therefore be 
subject to the relevant rules, laws, regulations and conditions imposed in accordance with both EU law 
and Luxembourg law. The transfer of EUAs may be subject to limitations and restrictions imposed in 
accordance with these laws or by the Union Registry and, therefore, the EUA Custodian may not be able 
to effect the transfer of the Underlying EUAs as required by the EUA Disposal Agent in carrying out its 
obligations under the Agency Agreement or, where the relevant security has become enforceable, as 
instructed by the Trustee.  
Fraud relating to carbon credits 
As with many similar financial markets, the EU ETS has historically been subject to fraud and attacks of 
cybercrime, phishing and cyber-hacking scams. Historically, cyber-criminals have stolen EUAs from 
accounts (in the then existing National Registries) and sold them on exchanges via the spot market. This 
can and has caused significant liquidity issues in the market, exacerbated by the interventions of the 
relevant authorities to prevent further such security breaches (including by suspending the trading and 
delivery of EUAs). In addition, fraudsters have historically implemented so called VAT carousels whereby 
EUAs were purchased from countries that did not charge VAT, and on-sold to purchasers in countries that 
did charge the tax, with the fraudsters pocketing the VAT and then disappearing.  
These frauds received substantial media coverage. Such negative publicity may contribute to a decrease 
in the value of EUAs and affect the market price of EUAs and therefore the EUA Linked Securities, including 
any market price you receive in any secondary market transaction. 
EUA market value  
The market value of EUAs is likely to change during the term of the EUA Linked Securities. 
The EU ETS is a policy-driven cap and trade system established by the EU to reduce the emission of 
greenhouse gases within the EU. It is therefore exposed to political changes. Any changes which the EU 
makes to the EU ETS may affect the market price of EUAs. The supply of and demand for EUAs can be 
affected by political decisions taken in relation to the EU ETS including the levels of free allocation, a cap 
on total volume of emissions and the share of allowances up for auction. Such changes may affect the 
market value of EUAs. Although the relevant legislation currently provides that EUAs that are compliant 
during the third compliance period of the EU ETS (“Phase III EUAs”) will automatically be converted to 
EUAs that are compliant during the fourth compliance period (“Phase IV EUAs”), there is theoretically a 
risk that such legislation may be repealed, potentially with retroactive effect such that such Phase III EUAs 
are no longer eligible in Phase IV of the EU ETS. This would negatively affect the market value of the EUA 
Linked Securities (and may trigger early redemption). The same may be true in respect of future phases 
of the EU ETS. 
The EUA market can be volatile due to many other factors, in particular liquidity levels, speculation and 
market sensitivity to actual or anticipated political decisions and announcements surrounding the EU ETS,

--- Page 44 ---
43 
and the price of fossil fuels (in particular coal and gas prices). Any change in the global, regional political, 
economic or financial conditions that have contributed or may contribute to a decrease in the value of EUAs 
(including a downturn in demand for EUAs) may affect the market price of the EUA Linked Securities, 
including any market price received by an investor in any secondary market transaction. 
Such events could also cause trading on relevant exchanges to be disrupted, including exchanges which 
operate futures and options markets in EUAs or which conduct auctions in EUAs for the purposes of the 
EU ETS. 
Notably, currently, the ongoing conflict between the Russian Federation and Ukraine is contributing to 
further increases in the prices of energy, oil and other commodities and to volatility in financial markets 
globally, including the EUA market. In light of Europe’s reliance on Russia for the supply of gas, the 
uncertainty surrounding the outcome of the war and the effects of global sanctions on Russia may cause 
uncertainty and volatility in the price of EUAs and, by extension, the value of your EUA Linked Securities. 
The market value of EUAs may also fluctuate according to the growth or reduction in economic activity in 
countries which are significant producers of carbon emissions or in industries or industrial sectors within 
the scope of the EU ETS. 
Further, the market value of EUAs may also vary according to the delivery date of any transaction. The 
market in EUAs has moved between a backward-dated (i.e., where the forward price of a futures contract 
of EUAs is lower than the spot price of such contract) and contango state (i.e., where the forward price of 
a futures contract of EUAs is higher than the spot price of such contract) and may do so in the future. The 
forward curve may also be affected by the transition between one phase of the EU ETS and another; and 
backwardation or contango in EUA prices may be affected by, among other things, changes in actual or 
expected policy to be applied across any such phases. 
Final Redemption Amounts and Early Redemption Amounts are calculated and paid 
irrespective of the current EUA price 
The EUA Disposal Agent will sell the Underlying EUAs in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked 
Securities in one or more transactions during the Redemption Disposal Period and the prices obtained in 
such sales will affect the determination of the Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount (as 
applicable). During the Redemption Disposal Period, the EUA Disposal Agent will sell the Underlying EUAs 
at the then-current EUA prices.  
Assuming all other factors remain constant, lower EUA prices during the Redemption Disposal Period will 
lead to a lower Final Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount (as applicable). You may lose 
some or all of your investment if the relevant Underlying EUAs fall in value (or do not perform well enough 
to offset the deduction of fees) — the greater the fall in value of the Underlying EUAs, the greater the loss 
of your investment.  
Pricing Volatility 
Carbon markets have the potential to suffer from market disruption or volatility. Such events could result 
in sudden increases in EUA prices for a short period (also known as price spikes). Price spiking can also 
result in volatile forward rates which could result in the bid/offer spread (the difference between the bid 
price (i.e. the price at which you can sell EUA Linked Securities to the Authorised Participant) and the offer 
price (i.e. the price at which a holder can buy EUA Linked Securities from the Authorised Participant)) on 
any stock exchange or market where the EUA Linked Securities are traded to widen, reflecting short-term 
forward rates in the EUAs. 
The recent growth of investment products offering investors an exposure to EUAs (including products 
similar to the EUA Linked Securities and the EUA Linked Securities themselves) may significantly change 
the supply and demand profile of the market from that which has traditionally prevailed. Changes in supply 
and demand for such investment products will directly impact on the supply and demand in the market for

--- Page 45 ---
44 
the underlying EUAs. This may have the effect of increasing volatility in the price and supply of the relevant 
EUAs. Such products require the purchase and sale of the relevant EUAs, and, depending on the success 
of such products, this may lead to a substantial increase in the volume of transactions.  
Since the Value per EUA Linked Security is computed based on the price of EUAs, volatility in the price of 
EUAs will cause the Value per EUA Linked Security and therefore the value of your investment to fluctuate. 
Such pricing volatility will also impact the price at which you are able to sell your EUA Linked Securities on 
the secondary market.  
Purchasing or selling activity in the market may cause temporary increases or decreases in 
the price of EUAs, which may have an adverse effect on the value of the EUA Linked Securities 
Purchasing activity associated with acquiring EUAs required for the Authorised Participant to subscribe for 
EUA Linked Securities of a Series may temporarily increase the market price for EUAs, which may result 
in a higher Value per EUA Linked Security for certain periods of time. Other market participants may 
attempt to benefit from an increase in the market price of EUAs due to increased purchasing activity of 
EUAs connected with the issuance of new securities of a Series of EUA Linked Securities which could 
result in a temporarily higher Value per EUA Linked Security. The value of an investment in EUA Linked 
Securities (including yours) will then artificially increase during this temporary period.  
Conversely, our selling activity following an Early Redemption Commencement Date (which may have the 
effect of lowering the price of the EUAs) may be observed and/or predicted by other market participants 
who may attempt to benefit by purchasing EUAs at artificially lower prices than would have occurred had 
no such Early Redemption Commencement Date occurred. The value of an investment in EUA Linked 
Securities (including yours) will drop as a result of the decrease in the Value per EUA Linked Security 
following the fall in the price of EUAs.  
More generally, the Value per EUA Linked Security of the EUA Linked Securities will be affected by 
movements in the price of EUAs. 
Disruption of markets on which EUAs are traded 
Any disruption to the relevant exchange or trading facility for trading of EUAs can affect the secondary 
market and the price of EUAs and the Value per EUA Linked Security of the EUA Linked Securities. 
Markets, exchanges and trading facilities have the potential to suffer from market disruption, due to trading 
failures or other events. Such events could result in a failure to price the EUAs and this may result in non-
calculation and non-publication of the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security and/or the Value per EUA 
Linked Security of the EUA Linked Securities. This may also result in the early redemption of the EUA 
Linked Securities at their Early Redemption Amount.  
As the Early Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount (as the case may be) is calculated and 
paid irrespective of the current price of EUAs, you may lose some or all of your investment if during the 
Early Redemption Disposal Period or Final Redemption Disposal Period (as applicable), the Underlying 
EUAs fall in value. 
Risks relating to the UK’s departure from the EU  
Following the UK’s departure from the EU ETS, there is a risk that the new UK Emissions Trading Scheme, 
which came into effect on 1 January 2021 replacing the UK’s participation in the EU ETS, may affect 
demand and supply for EUAs now or in the future, which may impact the market value of EUAs and 
therefore the market value of the EUA Linked Securities. 
Abandonment of the EU ETS 
The EU ETS is a policy driven cap and trade system established by the EU to reduce the emission of 
greenhouse gases within the EU. It is therefore exposed to political changes. The European Council 
currently considers that a well-functioning EU ETS is the key measure for achieving the EU’s target to 
reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 40 per cent. below 1990 levels by 2030 and for fulfilling the

--- Page 46 ---
45 
EU’s commitments under the Paris Agreement. However, it is possible that at some point the EU may 
abandon the EU ETS in favour of other policy measures. If this were to happen then EUAs may cease to 
be tradable or to have a market value. 
Regulatory treatment 
The regulatory treatment of EUAs and of trading in EUAs (including under Directive 2004/39/EC (“MiFID”) 
and other financial regulations) is evolving and is subject to the risk of change. Changes in the level and 
nature of regulation may affect a market participant’s continued ability to trade in EUAs or to implement a 
trading strategy in relation to them.  
Tax Risk 
The tax treatment of EUAs and of transactions in EUAs is also subject to change and may vary according 
to the fiscal policy of the relevant jurisdiction. Changes in tax treatment may affect the economics of a 
market participant’s planned activities. 
Risks relating to the operation of the Union Registry  
The suspension of some or all of the processes or functioning of the Union Registry or the Luxembourg 
section of the Union Registry, or scheduled or emergency maintenance of the Union Registry or the 
Luxembourg section of the Union Registry, or the failure to operate and maintain the Union Registry or the 
Luxembourg section of the Union Registry, may prevent or delay delivery and/or transfer of the Underlying 
EUAs as instructed by us or the EUA Disposal Agent on our behalf, or, where the relevant security has 
become enforceable, as instructed by the Trustee. 
Risks relating to the EUA Disposal Agent, the EUA Custodian, the Account Bank, the 
Programme Administrator and the Issuing and Paying Agent 
You are exposed to default risk of the EUA Custodian 
The Underlying EUAs in respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities will be held in an EUA account 
opened in the name of, and maintained by, the EUA Custodian. Our ability to meet our obligations with 
respect to the EUA Linked Securities will therefore be dependent upon the performance by the EUA 
Custodian of its obligations under the relevant EUA Custody Agreement. If the EUA Custodian fails to 
perform its obligations, or in the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency of the EUA Custodian, there can be 
no assurance that the EUA Disposal Agent, on our instruction, will be able to deliver, take delivery of and/or 
realise the Underlying EUAs on a timely basis. Moreover, the Luxembourg Administrator may prevent 
access to and suspend the EUA Custody Account until such time as evidence is provided to the 
Luxembourg Administrator’s satisfaction, that, despite the EUA Custodian’s insolvency or bankruptcy, the 
appointment of the authorised representatives in respect of the EUA Custody Account is not affected. For 
this purpose, the Luxembourg Administrator will require “official information about who has the rights to 
represent the account holder” (as such phrase is used pursuant to Article 30(5) of the Registries 
Regulation) and consider such information on a case-by-case basis. In the event that evidence is provided 
which is deemed satisfactory, it is not clear when access to the EUA Custody Account by the EUA 
Custodian’s appointed authorised representatives will be unblocked. If no satisfactory evidence is deemed 
provided to the Luxembourg Administrator by it, the relevant authorised representatives would be unable 
to access the EUAs held in the EUA Custody Account. This may, inter alia, affect whether or not the EUAs 
could be transferred to a replacement custodian, whether or not the Issuer could satisfy any transfers of 
EUAs to meet its obligations to transfer EUAs in respect of buy-backs and the Trustee’s ability to enforce 
the Security in respect of the EUAs or the timing in respect of any of such events. 
In addition, pursuant to the terms of the EUA Custody Agreement, the EUA Custodian is under no duty to 
verify that any instruction or direction by any party to the EUA Custody Agreement is accurate, correct or 
in accordance with the EUA Custody Agreement, except that it shall take reasonable steps to verify that 
the relevant instruction or direction (as the case may be) is received from a Designated Person of the

--- Page 47 ---
46 
relevant party. The EUA Custodian shall be under no duty or obligation to insure the Underlying EUAs 
against any risk (including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the risk of loss, damage, 
destruction or mis-delivery) to the Underlying EUAs or any part thereof howsoever caused, but shall be 
required to notify the Issuer in the event that it fails to maintain or amend any material provision of its 
professional liability insurance policy. The Issuer maintains no separate insurance over or in respect of the 
Underlying EUAs. Any failures in performance by the EUA Custodian may result in you losing some or all 
of your investment.  
Reliance on the records of the EUA Custodian 
The definitive records of the EUA Custodian in respect of each EUA Custody Account are prepared by 
members of its operations teams and their computer systems which track the number of Underlying EUAs 
in each EUA Custody Account for each relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities.  
In the event that there are computer system failures or human error making any relevant entries to the 
records, then in the event of an insolvency of the EUA Custodian it may be difficult to determine the 
accuracy of any entries and such determination may take significant time.  
Therefore, any such computer system failures or human errors may result in you losing some or all of your 
investment if such determination will take significant time or is unable to be made.  
You are exposed to the risk of the EUA Disposal Agent failing to fulfil its obligations under the 
Agency Agreement 
Our ability to meet our obligations under the EUA Linked Securities depends on our receipt of the net 
proceeds of the liquidation of the Underlying EUAs by the EUA Disposal Agent shortly before the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or the Early Redemption Date (as applicable). Following liquidation, the EUA 
Disposal Agent shall procure that the Net Sale Proceeds are paid into the Cash Account in accordance 
with the Agency Agreement. If the EUA Disposal Agent fails to do this, the Security under the EUA Linked 
Securities may become enforceable.  
However, if, following realisation in full of the Mortgaged Property relating to the EUA Linked Securities 
(whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of available cash sums as provided in 
Condition 16 (Application of Mortgaged Property and Proceeds of Enforcement of Security), there are any 
outstanding claims against us in respect of such EUA Linked Securities which remain unpaid, then such 
outstanding claim will be extinguished and no debt will be owed by us in respect thereof. In such 
circumstances you may not receive back your investment and may receive zero. Therefore, you are 
exposed to the risk of the EUA Disposal Agent failing to fulfil its obligations under the Agency Agreement.  
You are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Account Bank  
On early redemption, the EUA Disposal Agent will dispose of the Underlying EUAs held on our behalf and 
pay the aggregate proceeds of such disposals to the Cash Account maintained by the Account Bank in 
relation to the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities. As such, our ability to meet our obligations with 
respect to the EUA Linked Securities will be dependent on our access to the proceeds credited to the Cash 
Account maintained with the Account Bank and you will therefore be exposed to the credit risk of the 
Account Bank. 
You are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Programme Administrator and the EUA 
Disposal Agent in respect of their obligations under the Programme Administrator Agreement 
and the Agency Agreement respectively 
Our ability to service the costs of the Programme as set out under the Programme Administrator Agreement 
and the Agency Agreement depends on the Programme Administrator and the EUA Disposal Agent 
meeting their obligations to pay such costs on our behalf. If the Programme Administrator and/or the EUA 
Disposal Agent (as the case may be) do not pay in full the amounts payable under the Programme 
Administrator Agreement and the Agency Agreement respectively when due in connection with the costs

--- Page 48 ---
47 
of the Programme and we do not recover fully on our claims against the Programme Administrator and/or 
the EUA Disposal Agent (as the case may be) in relation to such non-payment, following liquidation of the 
Underlying EUAs upon the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event or following enforcement of the 
Security, any costs so unpaid will form part of the Series Overheads or be fees, expenses and charges 
due to the Transaction Parties which rank prior to your claims and may reduce the amount recoverable by 
you. Therefore, you are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Programme Administrator and the EUA 
Disposal Agent in meeting their payment obligations under the Programme Administrator Agreement and 
the Agency Agreement respectively. 
You are exposed to the creditworthiness of the Issuing and Paying Agent 
Any payments made to you in respect of the EUA Linked Securities will be made by the Issuing and Paying 
Agent on our behalf. Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, we will transfer to the Issuing and Paying Agent 
the amount due under the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities on or before each date on which the 
relevant payment is due. If the Issuing and Paying Agent, while holding funds for payment to you, is 
declared insolvent, you may not receive all (or any part) of any amounts due to you. Further, we will have 
insufficient assets to make such payment (or part thereof). Consequently, you are relying on the 
creditworthiness of the Issuing and Paying Agent in respect of the performance of its obligations under the 
Agency Agreement to make or facilitate payments to you.

--- Page 49 ---
48 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with: 
(i) 
the directors’ report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 
December 2021. 
(ii) 
the directors’ report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 
December 2022. 
Such documents shall be incorporated into and shall form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any 
statement contained herein or in a document incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein or in 
any subsequently filed document which also is incorporated by reference herein modifies or supersedes 
such statement. Any such statement modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute part of this Base Prospectus. Any documents which are incorporated by reference 
into the documents listed above shall not constitute part of this Base Prospectus. 
The above documents are available on the following website (or such other website as may be notified to 
Securityholders): https://harp-issuer.ie/.

--- Page 50 ---
49 
CONFLICTS OF INTEREST 
General 
Securityholders should be aware that the Transaction Parties and any of their respective Affiliates may act 
in a number of capacities in connection with any issue of EUA Linked Securities. The relevant Transaction 
Party or any such Affiliate, as the case may be, has no duties or responsibilities to Securityholders other 
than those stated in the documents in respect of any Series of EUA Linked Securities.  
The Transaction Parties are entitled to certain fees and expenses which are paid in priority to (i.e., before) 
Securityholders are paid amounts on the EUA Linked Securities. Securityholders will only be paid amounts 
due on the EUA Linked Securities after such parties have been paid. 
The Transaction Parties and any of their respective Affiliates may, at any time:  
(i) 
enter into business dealings and enter into any kind of commercial or investment banking 
transaction relating to the EUA Linked Securities from which they may derive revenues and profits 
in addition to any fees related to the EUA Linked Securities. Such activity may have an adverse 
effect on Securityholders or the Issuer and such entities shall not be required to account to 
Securityholders or the Issuer for any such revenue and profits; 
(ii) 
be entitled to receive fees or other payments under or in connection with other products linked to 
EUAs or otherwise and to exercise all rights, including rights of termination or resignation, which 
they may have, even though doing so may have a detrimental effect on Securityholders; 
(iii) 
engage in trading and market-making activities and may hold long or short positions in EUAs and 
in other financial instruments or products based on or related to EUAs for their own accounts or for 
other accounts under their management. Such parties may also issue securities or enter into 
financial instruments in relation to EUAs. These activities could present certain conflicts of interest, 
could adversely affect the price and liquidity of any component of the EUA Entitlement per EUA 
Linked Security, and may have an adverse effect on the Value per EUA Linked Security of the EUA 
Linked Securities. None of the Transaction Parties or their respective Affiliates are required to take 
into account Securityholders’ interests when engaging in such activities; 
(iv) 
have certain information (confidential or otherwise) which they are not obliged to notify 
Securityholders or the Issuer which may affect a Securityholder’s decision to invest in the EUA 
Linked Securities if that Securityholder had known such information; and 
(v) 
enter into other transactions or arrangements in relation to EUAs (e.g., entering into a swap or 
derivative transaction) which means their interests in respect of EUAs may not be aligned with 
Securityholders’ interests. For example, such party may have entered into a derivative transaction 
where the amount it gets paid is determined by the reduction in value of EUAs. This means that 
such party will benefit from a reduced value of EUAs, while the EUA Linked Securities may suffer 
losses in such case. Such party may take action under any such transaction or arrangements which 
may be adverse to the interests of Securityholders or the Issuer or may have an adverse effect on 
the Value per EUA Linked Security of the EUA Linked Securities. 
The EUA Disposal Agent  
The EUA Disposal Agent may, as well as acting as disposal agent in relation to the Programme and the 
EUA Linked Securities (and receiving fees in this capacity), provide services (including, but not limited to, 
acting as asset/portfolio manager or financial/investment advisor) to investors in the EUA Linked Securities 
acting as either principal or agent. The EUA Disposal Agent may also manage or advise in assets that 
have investment objectives similar or dissimilar to the Issuer and/or the EUA Linked Securities.

--- Page 51 ---
50 
This may result in potential conflicts of interest between the investor’s interests and the EUA Disposal 
Agent’s interests. Securityholders to whom the EUA Disposal Agent provides services should consult with 
the EUA Disposal Agent in order to assess how such potential conflicts are addressed. 
Securityholders should be aware that the EUA Disposal Agent in respect of a Series of EUA Linked 
Securities may also act as a disposal agent in respect of securities issued by the Programme Administrator 
or by another special purpose vehicle under a programme administered by the Programme Administrator.

--- Page 52 ---
51 
INFORMATION ABOUT EUAS  
POTENTIAL INVESTORS IN EUA LINKED SECURITIES ARE ADVISED TO CONDUCT THEIR OWN 
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION OR CONSULT WITH THEIR RELEVANT ADVISORS AS TO THE 
PROSPECTS AND CONSEQUENCES OF A PURCHASE OF EUA LINKED SECURITIES LINKED TO 
ANY PARTICULAR EUAS. THE INFORMATION BELOW DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A COMPLETE 
SUMMARY OF EUAS OR THE CURRENT PRACTICES INVOLVED IN THE ALLOCATION AND 
TRADING OF EUAs. 
The Issuer will, in connection with each issue of EUA Linked Securities, receive EUAs from the Authorised 
Participants subscribing for such EUA Linked Securities in accordance with Condition 8(a) (Further Issues) 
and/or the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. Such EUAs will be held by the EUA Custodian in 
the relevant EUA Custody Account. 
A separate EUA Custody Account shall be opened and maintained in respect of each Series of EUA Linked 
Securities.  
Description of the EU ETS  
The EU ETS is a policy-driven cap and trade system established by the EU to reduce the emission of 
greenhouse gases within the EU. Applicable entities which are caught under the scheme are required to 
surrender a number of EUAs (each being an allowance to emit one tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent 
during a specified period) matching the volume of their greenhouse gas emissions.  
Description of EUAs 
EUAs are tradeable allowances which allow the holder to emit a specific volume of carbon dioxide 
equivalent or other greenhouse gas. Entities that hold EUAs must surrender one allowance for every tonne 
of carbon dioxide or other greenhouse gas emitted during that year. If participants have exceeded their 
greenhouse gas emissions, participants in the EU ETS will need to either (i) reduce their emissions or (ii) 
purchase additional allowances. EUAs are held in accounts in the Union Registry managed by individual 
Member States (pursuant to Article 19(1) of the EU ETS Directive). Every account has an administrator 
responsible for administering the account on behalf of a Member State or on behalf of the EU. The EUAs 
in respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities will be held for the benefit of the Issuer in an EUA Custody 
Account in the Luxembourg section of the Union Registry held, maintained and managed by the EUA 
Custodian. 
EUA Prices 
EUAs can be purchased on the primary market (in the form of regulated auctions or in some instances, by 
way of free allocation) or traded on the secondary market (including at spot and through emissions trading 
derivatives). The value of an EUA is denominated in euro. 
The EUA market can be volatile due to many factors such as liquidity levels, speculation and market 
sensitivity to actual or anticipated political decisions and announcements surrounding the EU ETS, and the 
price of fossil fuels (in particular coal and gas prices). As such, the EUA market value is likely to change 
during the term of the EUA Linked Securities. Such events could also cause secondary trading on relevant 
exchanges to be disrupted, including exchanges which operate futures and options markets in EUAs or 
which conduct auctions in EUAs for the purposes of the EU ETS.

--- Page 53 ---
52 
Market Regulation 
There are three key pieces of EU legislation in respect of the EU ETS: 
(i) 
the EU ETS Directive, which governs the functioning of the EU ETS, including the participation of 
applicable businesses in the scheme;  
(ii) 
the Registries Regulation, which governs the operation of the Union Registry; and 
(iii) 
the Commission Regulation (EU) No 1031/2010 of 12 November 2010 on the timing, administration 
and other aspects of auctioning of greenhouse gas emission allowances pursuant to Directive 
2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a system for greenhouse 
gas emission allowances trading within the Union, as amended from time to time (the “Auctioning 
Regulation”), which governs the allocation of the EUAs through auction. 
As the Registries Regulation and the Auctioning Regulation are EU regulations, these regulations (and any 
changes thereto) apply directly to Member States. In contrast, the EU ETS Directive required each Member 
State to incorporate its provisions at a national level and therefore any amendments to the EU ETS 
Directive will also require similar national implementation.

--- Page 54 ---
53 
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS 
Terms used in these frequently asked questions and not defined have the meanings given to them in the 
Conditions. In this section “Frequently Asked Questions” we refer to current and prospective investors in 
the EUA Linked Securities as “you” and “your”. Unless otherwise indicated, references to “we”, “our” and 
“us” refer to the Issuer only. 
General 
1. 
What are EUA Linked Securities?  
The EUA Linked Securities are secured debt securities issued by us, HARP Issuer PLC. The EUA 
Linked Securities are designed to provide you with exposure to EUAs without you having to open a 
Holding Account and take physical delivery of EUAs.  
2. 
How do EUA Linked Securities give you exposure to EUAs?  
The EUA Linked Securities are backed by EUAs, which are held on our behalf by the EUA Custodian 
(see Question 11 “How are the EUAs held?”). The value of the EUA Linked Securities is linked to 
the value of the Underlying EUAs (see Question 6 “What is the Value per EUA Linked Security and 
how is it calculated?”).  
3. 
Do the EUA Linked Securities pay interest? 
EUA Linked Securities will not pay periodic interest. However, on final or early redemption of the 
EUA Linked Securities, a Specified Interest Amount may be payable by us as part of the Final 
Redemption Amount or Early Redemption Amount (as applicable) payable per EUA Linked Security. 
The Specified Interest Amount payable per EUA Linked Security will be calculated by determining 
each EUA Linked Security’s pro rata share of the amount of interest which has accrued on the 
proceeds of the realisation of the Underlying EUAs which have been deposited into the Cash 
Account in respect of a Series, subject to a minimum of zero.  
4. 
Do the EUA Linked Securities have a set maturity date? 
Yes. The EUA Linked Securities in respect of a Series will be redeemed in full on the Scheduled 
Maturity Date (which will be specified in the relevant Final Terms). EUA Linked Securities in respect 
of a Series may be redeemed prior to their Scheduled Maturity Date following the occurrence of an 
Early Redemption Event or an Event of Default (see Question 14 “What will trigger an early 
redemption of the EUA Linked Securities?”), or we may buy back and cancel EUA Linked Securities 
at any time prior to the Scheduled Maturity Date (see Question 20 “How do you buy and sell EUA 
Linked Securities?” and Question 21 “Can you request the buy-back of your EUA Linked 
Securities?”). 
5. 
What is the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security and how is it calculated?  
The EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security is an amount of EUAs attributable to each EUA 
Linked Security. The EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security is calculated by the Calculation 
Agent and reflects the number of Underlying EUAs you have exposure to in respect of your holding 
of EUA Linked Securities. As an example, on the Series Issue Date, as the Initial EUA Entitlement 
per EUA Linked Security is equal to one, you are entitled to one EUA per EUA Linked Security you 
hold.  
On each calendar day following the Series Issue Date, the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security 
is the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security in respect of the immediately preceding calendar 
reduced by application of the Total Expense Ratio for one calendar day (see Question 7 “What is

--- Page 55 ---
54 
the Total Expense Ratio and how is it calculated?”). See Worked Example 1 “How is the Buy-Back 
Settlement Amount calculated?” for a more detailed example of this. In order to satisfy the Total 
Expense Ratio, the EUA Disposal Agent will periodically liquidate a certain number of Underlying 
EUAs on our behalf.  
6. 
What is the Value per EUA Linked Security and how is it calculated? 
The Value per EUA Linked Security represents the cash value of an EUA Linked Security on any 
Valuation Day and is calculated by the Calculation Agent.  
The Value per EUA Linked Security is calculated by multiplying the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked 
Security in respect of the relevant Valuation Day by the EUA Reference Price (being the EEX EUA 
Spot rate).  
7. 
What is the Total Expense Ratio and how is it calculated?  
You will be charged a fee that accrues at a rate per annum equal to the Total Expense Ratio, which 
will be deducted in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities every day by a reduction 
in the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security (see Question 5 “What is the EUA Entitlement per 
EUA Linked Security and how is it calculated?”).  
This fee will reflect the fees that we will pay to the Programme Administrator, the EUA Custodian 
and the EUA Disposal Agent in respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities. 
The Total Expense Ratio will be 0.75 per cent. per annum unless otherwise specified in the Final 
Terms.  
The Programme Administrator can vary the Total Expense Ratio at any time. However, an increase 
in the Total Expense Ratio will only take effect if you are given at least 30 calendar days’ notice.  
Both the Total Expense Ratio and any change to the Total Expense Ratio will be published on 
www.ubs.com/ETF (or such other website notified by us for the relevant Series of EUA Linked 
Securities from time to time). 
8. 
Are there any other costs charged to buy or sell the EUA Linked Securities? 
There may also be additional charges for you purchasing or selling EUA Linked Securities on the 
secondary market. Any additional charge relating to transaction costs (outside of charges imposed 
by an Authorised Participant) are disclosed in the relevant key information document issued in 
respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities for retail investors located in the EEA, Switzerland 
or the UK (as applicable). 
9. 
Can the Scheduled Maturity Date be extended? 
Yes, provided that no Early Redemption Event or Event of Default has occurred or is subsisting, we 
may extend the Scheduled Maturity Date to a date falling no more than 50 calendar years after the 
then current Scheduled Maturity Date. Such extension is subject to the prior written consent of the 
Programme Administrator and notice will be given to the Transaction Parties and you of the same. 
EUAs 
10. 
What are EUAs? 
An EUA is a type of allowance that permits its holder to emit a specific volume of carbon dioxide 
equivalent or other greenhouse gas. EUAs are issued under the framework of the emissions trading 
system of the EU, the EU ETS. Each year entities regulated by the EU ETS need to surrender

--- Page 56 ---
55 
enough EUAs to cover their emissions in the previous year. The EUAs need to be held in an EUA 
registry account in the Union Registry (see Question 12 “How are the EUAs held?”). 
11. 
Where can I find the price of an EUA? 
EUAs are traded spot on the EEX exchange and in auctions in the Member States. The price of 
EUAs 
is 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
EEX 
(https://www.eex.com/en/market-
data/environmentals/spot). The price of EUAs can go down as well as up and the performance of 
EUAs in any future period may not mirror its past performance. 
12. 
How are the EUAs held? 
The EUAs are not held directly by us. We do not have an EUA registry account. Instead, the EUAs 
for a particular Series of EUA Linked Securities are held on our behalf by the EUA Custodian in an 
account in the name of the EUA Custodian in the Luxembourg section of the Union Registry. Such 
EUA custody account will not be used to hold EUAs in respect of any other Series of EUA Linked 
Securities that may have been or may be issued.  
13. 
In what circumstances can the EUAs be transferred out of the EUA Custody Account? 
EUAs held in the EUA Custody Account (see Question 12 “How are the EUAs held?”) can only be 
transferred out of the EUA Custody Account: (i) to be liquidated to allow us to pay (A) the Final 
Redemption Amount which will become due and payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date, (B) the 
Early Redemption Amount when the EUA Linked Securities are redeemed early following the 
occurrence of an Early Redemption Event or an Event of Default (see Question 16 “What is the 
Early Redemption Amount?”), or (C) the daily accrued Total Expense Ratio fee (see Question 7 
“What is the Total Expense Ratio and how is it calculated?”), or (ii) to be delivered to an Authorised 
Participant or Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder (as applicable) in accordance with 
Condition 8(b) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Authorised Participants) or Condition 8(c) 
(Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Non-Authorised Participant Securityholders) following a 
buy-back (see Question 21 “Can you request the buy-back of your EUA Linked Securities?”).  
Early Redemption of the EUA Linked Securities  
14. 
What will trigger an early redemption of the EUA Linked Securities? 
The EUA Linked Securities (or, in the case of paragraph (xiv) below, the affected portion of them) 
will be redeemed early following the occurrence of an Early Redemption Event or an Event of Default 
(see Question 15 “What happens if we default under our obligations?”). 
The Early Redemption Events are set out in Condition 9(b) (Early Redemption Events) and may 
occur if: 
 certain legal or regulatory changes occur in relation to us,  
 an Agent or all of the Authorised Participants resign, or their appointment is terminated and we 
fail to replace them within 60 calendar days,  
 we will, or there is a substantial likelihood that we will, be required to make a payment in respect 
of VAT or be required to account for any other Taxes (excluding VAT) in respect of a delivery 
of EUAs for a subscription or buy-back (where such VAT is irrecoverable for us or whether or 
not such other Taxes (excluding VAT) are recoverable for us), 
 the Specified Currency ceases to exist as a lawful currency, 
 one per cent. or more of the total number of Underlying EUAs are stolen from the EUA Custody 
Account,

--- Page 57 ---
56 
 a bankruptcy event occurs in respect of the EUA Custodian and no successor or replacement 
is appointed within 60 calendar days,  
 certain changes are adopted or proposed in respect of EUAs which result in it being unlawful 
for us, the EUA Custodian or the EUA Disposal Agent to hold, receive or deliver EUAs or to 
comply with any other material provision of any agreement entered into in connection with the 
Underlying EUAs,  
 there is an announcement, change in law or regulation or confirmation by the European Council 
or Commission and the EUAs held in the EUA Custody Account in respect of a Series of EUA 
Linked Securities that were issued in a previous Compliance Phase cease to be eligible for 
compliance with obligations under the current Compliance Phase or will not be eligible for 
compliance with obligations under a future Compliance Phase,  
 the Scheme is to be discontinued,  
 the EUA Custody Account is closed (or required to be closed) or the Registry Agreement is 
terminated and a replacement or successor account or agreement (as applicable) has not yet 
been opened or entered into,  
 we give you notice that we have elected to redeem the EUA Linked Securities,  
 there is a materially increased cost for the Programme Administrator, the Calculation Agent, the 
EUA Custodian or the EUA Disposal Agent in respect of the Programme or the EUA Linked 
Securities,  
 certain events occur in relation to a Reference Rate and the Calculation Agent is unable to 
identify a replacement Reference Rate;  
 we, or the Programme Administrator, become aware that any EUA Linked Securities of a Series 
are sold or otherwise transferred to any person in breach of the selling restrictions set out in the 
section of this Base Prospectus titled “Subscription and Sale”; or 
 the Value per EUA Linked Security is less than or equal to 20 per cent. of the Issue Price per 
EUA Linked Security on the Series Issue Date for three consecutive Valuation Days. 
If we fail to pay you the relevant Early Redemption Amount by the 14th calendar day following the 
Early Redemption Date, the Security over the Mortgaged Property in respect of such Series will 
become enforceable (see Question 17 “What Security do you have?”).  
15. 
What happens if we default under our obligations? 
An Event of Default will occur if we (i) fail to make a payment of any sum or deliver any EUA(s) 
under the EUA Linked Securities for 14 calendar days (for example, of the Early Redemption 
Amount as described in Question 14 “What will trigger an early redemption of the EUA Linked 
Securities?”), (ii) fail to perform our other obligations and do not resolve this within 30 calendar days 
(or such longer period as the Trustee may permit) after notice of such default has been given to us 
by the Trustee or (iii) are insolvent and, following such default, the relevant EUA Linked Securities 
will redeem early at the Early Redemption Amount (see Question 14 “What will trigger an early 
redemption of the EUA Linked Securities?”). 
If an Event of Default occurs, pursuant to Condition 14 (Events of Default), the Trustee may send 
us an Event of Default Redemption Notice that the EUA Linked Securities shall become due and 
payable at their Early Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date following which the 
Trustee may deliver an Enforcement Notice and the Security over the Mortgaged Property shall 
become enforceable by the Trustee without the need for the EUA Disposal Agent to liquidate the 
underlying EUAs.

--- Page 58 ---
57 
16. 
What is the Early Redemption Amount? 
Following an Early Redemption Event or an Event of Default, each EUA Linked Security will become 
due and payable by us at its Early Redemption Amount on the Early Redemption Date. Prior to the 
issue of an Enforcement Notice, the Underlying EUAs will be liquidated by the EUA Disposal Agent 
to allow us to pay such Early Redemption Amount to you.  
The Early Redemption Amount is determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the Average 
EUA Sale Price of the Underlying EUAs held in respect of the Series of EUA Linked Securities sold 
during the Early Redemption Disposal Period by the EUA Disposal Agent, net of (i) associated fees, 
deductions and taxes and (ii) if the amount of interest that has accrued on the proceeds of such 
sale which have been deposited into the Cash Account is negative, such amount. We will publish 
the determination of the Early Redemption Amount on or prior to the Early Redemption Date on the 
following website: www.ubs.com/ETF. 
17. 
What Security do you have? 
The EUA Linked Securities are secured obligations. This means we grant security to you and the 
other secured creditors in respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities. 
Under English law, we grant (i) a charge over (A) all sums and property held or received by the EUA 
Disposal Agent relating to the sale of Underlying EUAs relating to the relevant Series of EUA Linked 
Securities and (B) all sums held by the Issuing and Paying Agent to meet payments due in respect 
of any Secured Obligation relating to the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities together with (ii) 
an assignment by way of security of our rights under the Agency Agreement, the Programme 
Administrator Agreement and any Authorised Participant Agreement, each to the extent that they 
relate to the EUA Linked Securities. 
Under Luxembourg law, we grant a first ranking pledge of (i) our present and future claims, rights, 
title, interest and benefit (including all income, payments, proceeds, revenues, products, property, 
sum received, receivable or otherwise distributed) against the EUA Custodian under the EUA 
Custody Agreement, (ii) all present and future assets, rights, claims and distributions (including all 
income, payments, interest, proceeds, revenues, title, benefits, products, property, sum received, 
receivable or otherwise distributed) held in or in connection with any financial instruments accounts 
opened by the Issuer with the EUA Custodian in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked 
Securities including, for the avoidance of doubt, securities (including any securities and similar 
instruments (a) credited, by way of book entry (inscription en compte), or as otherwise deposited or 
held, in each case without specification of numbers or other individual identification elements, on a 
fungible basis or (b) otherwise registered and/or referenced and/or referred to in the account or the 
EUA Custodian’s books and/or held in any other manner by the EUA Custodian for the account of 
the Issuer on a contractual basis or otherwise (including as a nominee)), cash and other rights and 
the property held therein or credited thereto; and (iii) all our present and future amounts, rights and 
claims (including all income, payments, proceeds, revenues, products, property, sum received, 
receivable or otherwise distributed) held in, or in connection to, the Cash Account under the Account 
Bank Agreement, each to the extent that they relate to the EUA Linked Securities.  
This security is held by the Trustee on behalf of you and the other secured creditors in respect of a 
Series of EUA Linked Securities. If we fail to meet our obligations under the EUA Linked Securities, 
you and the other secured creditors will have recourse to these assets, and your recourse will be in 
accordance with a prescribed list of priorities and therefore subject to the claims of those who have 
priority over your claim.

--- Page 59 ---
58 
18. 
Why are the EUA Linked Securities limited recourse obligations?  
Your rights against us as an investor in a Series of EUA Linked Securities are limited to the 
Mortgaged Property in connection with such Series. This means that you do not have any rights in 
respect of the Mortgaged Property relating to any other Series of EUA Linked Securities.  
By way of example, if, upon an early redemption of the EUA Linked Securities, we are required to 
realise the Mortgaged Property to enable us to make the early redemption payments on such EUA 
Linked Securities to you and other investors, the amount which you will receive on early redemption 
will be determined by the amounts we receive from such sale and/or termination. You may not 
receive in full the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of an EUA Linked Security and you 
will not be able to make a claim against us or any other party for the shortfall.  
Operational points 
19. 
Who is the “holder” of the EUA Linked Securities?  
If the EUA Linked Securities are held through a Clearing System (which will be the case unless 
there is an issue with the Clearing System which results in the EUA Linked Securities being held in 
definitive form), the legal “holder” will be the person entered in the register as the Securityholder. 
As an investor, your rights in relation to the EUA Linked Securities will be governed by the contract 
you have with your broker, custodian or other entity through which you hold your interest in the EUA 
Linked Securities and the contracts they have with the Clearing System and any intermediaries in 
between. Accordingly, where this Base Prospectus describes a right as being owed to, or 
exercisable by, a Securityholder then your ability to benefit from or exercise such right will be 
dependent on the terms of the contracts in such chain.  
20. 
How do you buy and sell EUA Linked Securities? 
You cannot buy the EUA Linked Securities directly from us. You can buy EUA Linked Securities 
from Authorised Participants who have purchased EUA Linked Securities directly from us acting as 
market-makers (see Question 25 “Who are the Authorised Participants and what do they do?”) or 
other securityholders. 
You can sell your EUA Linked Securities to Authorised Participants (who can then request a buy-
back from us) or to other investors in the secondary market on any of the stock exchanges on which 
they are admitted to trading or in a private transaction in the same way as you would sell other listed 
securities. Subject to certain criteria being met, which may result in potential costs and delays, you 
can also sell your EUA Linked Securities to us (see Question 21 “Can you request the buy-back of 
your EUA Linked Securities?”). 
The price at which you buy or sell the EUA Linked Securities will be as agreed between you and the 
Authorised Participant, the other securityholder or investor (as applicable) which may be an amount 
which is more than, equal to, or less than the Value per EUA Linked Security in respect of the 
relevant transaction date. 
You may be charged additional costs by other parties (e.g. brokerage fees) in respect of the sale or 
purchase of the EUA Linked Securities.  
21. 
Can you request the buy-back of your EUA Linked Securities? 
You, as a Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder, may sell your EUA Linked Securities to us by 
delivering to us and the Calculation Agent a valid Non-AP Buy-Back Order. Once you have delivered 
the Non-AP Buy-Back Order, it is irrevocable, unless otherwise agreed by us (or the Calculation 
Agent on our behalf).

--- Page 60 ---
59 
The validity of the Non-AP Buy-Back Order will depend on the satisfaction of the conditions set out 
in Condition 8(c) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Non-Authorised Participant 
Securityholders), which include the provision of evidence of the legal and beneficial ownership of 
the relevant EUA Linked Securities, the payment of Buy-Back Costs and the specification of a 
Holding Account to which the Underlying EUAs can be transferred to. The Calculation Agent has 
the sole discretion to determine whether the conditions listed in Condition 8(c) (Buy-Back of EUA 
Linked Securities from Non-Authorised Participant Securityholders) have been satisfied.  
If we accept the Non-AP Buy-Back Order, we will buy back the relevant EUA Linked Securities and 
will deliver to you a number of EUAs equal to the Buy-Back Settlement Amount in accordance with 
Condition 8(c) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Non-Authorised Participant 
Securityholders). We (or the Calculation Agent on our behalf) will notify you of the account into 
which the EUA Linked Securities should be settled, the cut-off time for such settlement and the date 
we will deliver the Underlying EUAs to your Holding Account.  
Role of the parties 
22. 
Who is the Issuer?  
We are HARP Issuer PLC, a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a public limited company 
under the laws of Ireland.  
23. 
What is the business of the Issuer?  
Our principal business is to issue secured limited recourse securities, including the EUA Linked 
Securities, from time to time and to enter into transactions related to the issuance of those securities, 
to the extent permitted by the relevant terms and conditions and all applicable laws and regulations.  
24. 
Who is the Trustee and what does it do?  
The Trustee in respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities is BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee 
Services Limited. The Trustee is an independent entity whose role is to act as trustee on your behalf 
and to act as security trustee on behalf of you and the other Transaction Parties in accordance with 
the Trust Deed (holding the benefit of the Security granted by us over certain of our assets in respect 
of a Series of EUA Linked Securities on trust for you and the other Transaction Parties in respect of 
that Series).  
25. 
Who are the Authorised Participants and what do they do?  
Authorised Participants are financial institutions who will enter into an Authorised Participant 
Agreement with us and will act as an intermediary between you and us.  
The Authorised Participants are the entities that buy and sell EUA Linked Securities directly from 
and to us. The relevant Authorised Participant will deliver to the EUA Custody Account (on a 
subscription for EUA Linked Securities) or receive from the EUA Custody Account (on a buy-back 
of EUA Linked Securities) a number of EUAs equal to the Subscription Settlement Amount or the 
Buy-Back Settlement Amount (as applicable) in accordance with Condition 8(a) (Further Issues) or 
Condition 8(b) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Authorised Participants) and/or the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement. Although only the Authorised Participants can buy EUA Linked 
Securities directly from us, you, as a Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder, can sell your EUA 
Linked Securities directly to us by requesting a buy-back (see Question 21 “Can you request the 
buy-back of your EUA Linked Securities?”).

--- Page 61 ---
60 
Authorised Participants may also act as market makers, i.e., they may buy and sell EUA Linked 
Securities from and to investors using their ordinary brokerage accounts on an over-the-counter 
basis or via a stock exchange without the investor having to physically hold the EUAs.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Authorised Participant in respect of a Series of EUA Linked 
Securities is FLOW TRADERS B.V., which has its registered office at Jacob Bontiusplaats 9, 1018 
LL, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. The identity of the Authorised Participant(s) will be updated from 
time to time at www.ubs.com/ETF (or such other website as may be notified to you). 
26. 
Who is the EUA Disposal Agent and what does it do?  
The EUA Disposal Agent in respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities is UBS Asset 
Management (UK) Limited. The EUA Disposal Agent’s role is to sell the Underlying EUAs (i) in 
connection with the redemption of the relevant EUA Linked Securities at final maturity or on an early 
redemption (as applicable) or (ii) on an ongoing basis to enable us to pay the applicable portion of 
the accrued Total Expense Ratio to the Programme Administrator, the EUA Custodian and the EUA 
Disposal Agent respectively (see Question 7 “What is the Total Expense Ratio and how is it 
calculated?”).  
27. 
Who is the EUA Custodian and what does it do?  
The EUA Custodian in respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities is UBS Europe SE, 
Luxembourg branch. The EUA Custodian’s role is to hold the Underlying EUAs for a Series of EUA 
Linked Securities in its account in the Luxembourg section of the Union Registry as our custodian 
(see Question 12 “How are the EUAs held?”).  
28. 
Who is the Calculation Agent and what does it do?  
The Calculation Agent in respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities is UBS Europe SE, 
Luxembourg branch. The Calculation Agent’s role is to calculate the EUA Entitlement per EUA 
Linked Security and the Value per EUA Linked Security and to perform certain administrative tasks 
for us with respect to the EUA Linked Securities including the provision of any notices, consents, 
authorisations, certifications or instructions relating to the determination and/or calculation of certain 
amounts, prices, rates or values in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities.  
Investment considerations 
29. 
What should you read before investing? 
You should carefully read and understand this Base Prospectus, the relevant Constituting 
Instrument and the Final Terms prior to investing in the EUA Linked Securities. Any decision to 
invest in the EUA Linked Securities should be based on a consideration of this Base Prospectus as 
a whole (as supplemented from time to time) including the documents incorporated by reference (if 
any) and the relevant Constituting Instrument. 
This Base Prospectus contains information about us, the terms and conditions of the EUA Linked 
Securities and general information about the offer and issue of the EUA Linked Securities. 
The relevant Final Terms complete the Conditions and contain the specific issue terms of the EUA 
Linked Securities together with information about how investors can purchase them and other 
product specific information.

--- Page 62 ---
61 
30. 
Can you lose more than, or all of, your investment? 
While you can experience a decrease in the value of your investment and/or lose all your investment 
due to a poor performance of EUAs causing a decrease in the price of the Underlying EUAs, you 
cannot lose more than your initial investment.

--- Page 63 ---
62 
WORKED EXAMPLES  
The worked examples below are included for illustrative purposes only and should not be relied upon. They 
are not an indication of the likely performance of, or amounts payable in respect of, the EUA Linked 
Securities. The fee levels for any particular Series of EUA Linked Securities may differ from the fee levels 
used in a worked example. Prospective investors should conduct their own independent review and obtain 
such professional advice as they deem appropriate prior to any investment in the EUA Linked Securities. 
1 
How is the Buy-Back Settlement Amount calculated? 
 
If there is a buy-back of EUA Linked Securities (meaning that such EUA Linked Securities are 
redeemed), the relevant Authorised Participant or Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder 
requesting the buy-back will receive a number of EUAs equal to the Buy-Back Settlement Amount 
from the Issuer in accordance with Condition 8(b) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from 
Authorised Participants) or Condition 8(c) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Non-Authorised 
Participant Securityholders). 
 
The Buy-Back Settlement Amount will be the number of Underlying EUAs determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the product of the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security 
(calculated to nine decimal places, and subject to a floor of zero) in respect of the relevant Buy-
Back Trade Date and the aggregate number of EUA Linked Securities to be purchased pursuant to 
the relevant Buy-Back Order, such total rounded down to the nearest whole number. 
 
A new Series of EUA Linked Securities is issued on a Series Issue Date with an Initial EUA 
Entitlement per EUA Linked Security of one. This means that at the Series Issue Date any Buy-
Back Settlement Amount would be equal to one EUA per EUA Linked Security being purchased. 
 
On each calendar day following the Series Issue Date, the Calculation Agent will determine the EUA 
Entitlement per EUA Linked Security by taking the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security in 
respect of the immediately preceding calendar day and reducing such number by application of the 
Total Expense Ratio for one calendar day.  
 
The Total Expense Ratio accrues on a daily basis and is used to pay the fees of the Programme 
Administrator, the EUA Custodian and the EUA Disposal Agent relating to such Series.  
 
So, by way of example, assuming that: 
(i) 
an Authorised Participant requests a buy-back of 100 EUA Linked Securities on the calendar 
day falling one year after the Series Issue Date; and 
(ii) 
the Total Expense Ratio is a rate per annum of 0.75 per cent. and the number of calendar 
days from (but excluding) the Series Issue Date to (and including) the date on which the 
Authorised Participant requests a buy-back is 365 calendar days, 
the Buy-Back Settlement Amount for the purpose of Condition 8(b) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked 
Securities from Authorised Participants) will be determined as follows: 
(i) 
0.99250000200, being the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security (determined by 
reducing the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security on the Series Issue Date (i.e. one) 
by the Total Expense Ratio for 365 calendar days as described in Condition 5(b) (EUA 
Entitlement per EUA Linked Security) and applying the rounding convention described in 
Condition 12(i) (Rounding)); multiplied by 
(ii) 
100, being the aggregate number of EUA linked Securities to be purchased by the 
Authorised Participant,

--- Page 64 ---
63 
which gives an amount of 99.2500002. This is then rounded down to the nearest whole number, 
meaning that the relevant Authorised Participant will receive 99 EUAs in respect of its buy-back. 
2 
What is the Value per EUA Linked Security?  
 
The Calculation Agent will determine the Value per EUA Linked Security by multiplying (i) the EUA 
Entitlement per EUA Linked Security in respect of the relevant Valuation Day by (ii) the EUA 
Reference Price on such Valuation Day. 
 
The EUA Reference Price is determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the EEX EUA 
Spot rate. 
 
So, by way of example, assuming that on the relevant Valuation Day: 
(1) 
the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security is 0.999979375; and  
(2) 
the EUA Reference Price is EUR 55, 
the Value per EUA Linked Security will be 54.998865625. 
3 
How might the Value per EUA Linked Security fluctuate?  
As the Value per EUA Linked Security is directly linked to the value of EUAs (as determined by reference 
to the EEX EUA Spot rate – see Worked Example 2 “What is the Value per EUA Linked Security?” above), 
the Value per EUA Linked Security will increase or decrease depending on the value of the Underlying 
EUAs. 
The table below sets out some possible outcomes of an investment in EUA Linked Securities, assuming a 
Total Expense Ratio of 0.75 per cent. per annum. 
Series Issue Date 
After 365 days 
No change in EUA 
Reference Price 
EUA Reference Price 
increases by 5 per 
cent. 
EUA 
Reference 
Price 
decreases by 5 
per cent. 
EUA Reference Price 
(EUR) 
55.00 
55.00 
57.75 
52.25 
EUA Entitlement per 
EUA Linked Security 
1.000000000 
0.992500002 
0.992500002 
0.992500002 
Value per EUA 
Linked Security 
(EUR) 
55.00 
54.59 
57.32 
51.86 
EUAs deducted to 
satisfy the Total 
Expense Ratio 
0.000000000 
0.007499998 
0.007499998 
0.007499998 
Total Gain/Loss per 
EUA Linked Security 
(EUR) 
0.00 
-0.41 
2.32 
-3.14 
Total Return 
0.00% 
-0.75% 
4.21% 
-5.71%

--- Page 65 ---
64 
MASTER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE EUA LINKED SECURITIES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the EUA Linked Securities. As these terms 
and conditions apply separately to each Series of EUA Linked Securities, references in these terms and 
conditions to “EUA Linked Securities” are to the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series only and 
references to any defined term that applies in respect of each Series is to such defined term as it relates 
to such relevant Series (unless, in any such case, specified otherwise or unless the context otherwise 
requires). 
Italicised wording contained in these Conditions is included as instructions, guidance or disclosure only 
and does not form part of the Conditions of the EUA Linked Securities.  
A non-binding translation of the following text of the terms and conditions may be prepared in relation to 
each Series of EUA Linked Securities. The English language version of the terms and conditions shall be 
binding and prevail in all circumstances. Any such translations will not be reviewed and approved by the 
Central Bank, the FCA or any another similar body in any other jurisdiction. 
Copies of the relevant Constituting Instrument, the Trust Deed, the Conditions, the Agency Agreement, the 
EUA Custody Agreement, the Account Bank Agreement and the Programme Administrator Agreement 
referred to in these terms and conditions are available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Issuer and the Issuing and Paying Agent and will be sent to a potential or current 
Securityholder on request to the Issuer or the Issuing and Paying Agent. 
Securityholders (and any persons who claim through or under them) are bound by and are deemed to 
have notice of all the provisions of the Trust Deed and all the provisions of the other Transaction 
Documents which are applicable to them. 
References in the Conditions to: 
(i) 
any time are expressed using the 24-hour-clock convention; 
(ii) 
a party shall be construed so as to include its successors or replacements; 
(iii) 
a document, agreement or instrument is to that document, agreement or instrument as amended, 
supplemented, novated or replaced from time to time; 
(iv) 
a provision of law is to that provision as amended or re-enacted from time to time; and 
(v) 
a party publishing any value, rate, level, notice or other information shall be deemed to include any 
agent, delegate or appointee of such party publishing such value, rate, level, notice or other 
information on behalf of that party. 
1 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
“Abandonment of Scheme Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(x) 
(Abandonment of Scheme Redemption Event). 
“Abandonment of Scheme Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(x) 
(Abandonment of Scheme Redemption Event). 
“Account Bank” means UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch.

--- Page 66 ---
65 
“Account Bank Agreement” means, in respect of a Series, the account bank agreement entered into by 
the Issuer, the Trustee and the Account Bank in the form of the Master Account Bank Terms (as amended 
and/or supplemented by the Constituting Instrument). 
“Account Bank Bankruptcy Event” means the Account Bank becomes incapable of acting, is dissolved 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files 
a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, examiner, administrator, liquidator or 
other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets or admits in writing its inability 
to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof or, if a resolution is passed or an 
order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, examiner, administrator, liquidator or 
other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is appointed, a court order is 
entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public 
officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation.  
“Adjustment Spread” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(b)(ii) (Replacement Reference Rate). 
“Administrator/Benchmark Event” means, in respect of a Reference Rate, any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register 
in respect of the Reference Rate or the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate has not been, or 
will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant 
competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Programme Administrator or any other entity is not, or will not be, permitted under 
any applicable law or regulation to use the Reference Rate to perform its or their respective obligations 
under the EUA Linked Securities. 
“Affected Securities” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(xv) or 9(b)(xvi) (Early Redemption 
Events), as applicable. 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person or entity, any other person or entity controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the person or entity, any other person or entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person 
or entity or any other person or entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person or entity. 
For these purposes, “control” of any entity or person means the power, directly or indirectly, either to (a) 
vote 10 per cent. or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of the 
relevant person or entity or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such person 
or entity whether by contract or otherwise. 
“Agency Agreement” means, in respect of a Series, the agency agreement entered into by the Issuer, the 
Trustee and any other parties thereto in the form of the Master Agency Terms (as amended and/or 
supplemented by the Constituting Instrument). 
“Agents” means the Programme Administrator, the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent, the 
EUA Custodian, the EUA Disposal Agent, the Account Bank, the Transfer Agent, the Registrar and such 
other agent(s) as may be appointed from time to time in relation to the EUA Linked Securities and “Agent” 
means any of them.  
“Aggregate EUAs Sold” means the sum of (i) the aggregate number of Underlying EUAs sold by the EUA 
Disposal Agent during the Redemption Disposal Period and (ii) the aggregate number of Underlying EUAs 
which remain stolen if a Theft Redemption Event has occurred.  
“AP Buy-Back Order” means a request from an Authorised Participant that the Issuer buy back a specified 
number of EUA Linked Securities delivered in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement.

--- Page 67 ---
66 
“Appointee” means any custodian, agent, delegate or nominee appointed or engaged by the Trustee 
under the Trust Deed. 
“Authorised Participant” means each Authorised Participant appointed by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
relation to a Series.  
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means, in respect of a Series, each authorised participant 
agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and an Authorised Participant.  
“Average EUA Sale Price” means a price denominated in the Specified Currency determined by the 
Calculation Agent as being equal to the:  
(i) 
Net Sale Proceeds; divided by  
(ii) 
Aggregate EUAs Sold. 
“Business Day” means any Weekday on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business in Luxembourg.  
“Buy-Back Costs” means an amount equal to the cost to the Issuer of complying with the relevant Non-
AP Buy-Back Order, as determined by the Programme Administrator and notified to the relevant Non-
Authorised Participant Securityholder. 
“Buy-Back Order” means either an AP Buy-Back Order or a Non-AP Buy-Back Order, as the context 
requires. 
“Buy-Back Payment Amount” means, in respect of a Buy-Back Order, an amount in the Specified 
Currency equal to the product of (i) the Value per EUA Linked Security as of the relevant Buy-Back Trade 
Date and (ii) the number of EUA Linked Securities to be bought back pursuant to such Buy-Back Order. 
“Buy-Back Settlement Amount” means, in respect of a Buy-Back Order, the number of Underlying EUAs 
determined by the Calculation Agent as being equal to the product of the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked 
Security in respect of the relevant Buy-Back Trade Date and the aggregate number of EUA Linked 
Securities to be purchased pursuant to the relevant Buy-Back Order (subject to rounding in accordance 
with Condition 12(i) (Rounding)). 
“Buy-Back Settlement Date” means, in respect of a Buy-Back Order, such date after the Buy-Back Trade 
Date as agreed between the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) and the relevant Authorised 
Participant. 
“Buy-Back Trade Date” means, subject to Condition 10(b) (Suspension of Subscriptions/Buy-Backs), an 
Eligible Order Day on which a Buy-Back Order is determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in accordance with the terms of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement or, if the relevant 
Buy-Back Order has been delivered by a Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder, Condition 8(c) (Buy-
Back of EUA Linked Securities from Non-Authorised Participant Securityholders). 
“Calculation Agent” means UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch.  
“Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event” means the Calculation Agent becomes incapable of acting, is 
dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt or 
insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, examiner, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets or 
admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof or, if a 
resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of 
such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, examiner, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is 
appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy

--- Page 68 ---
67 
or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the 
purpose of liquidation. 
“Cash Account” means, in respect of a Series, the segregated cash account located in Luxembourg in 
the name of the Issuer and maintained by the Account Bank in relation to that Series of EUA Linked 
Securities.  
“Central Administrator” means the person designated by the EU Commission to operate and maintain 
the EUTL pursuant to Article 20(1) of the EU ETS Directive. 
“Central Bank” means the Central Bank of Ireland. 
“Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(i) (Early 
Redemption Events). 
“Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(i) (Early 
Redemption Events). 
“Clearing System” means (i) Euroclear, (ii) Clearstream, Luxembourg or (iii) any other recognised clearing 
system in which EUA Linked Securities of a Series may be cleared. 
“Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg and any 
successor thereto. 
“Code” has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(c) (Payments and Deliveries Subject to Fiscal Laws). 
“Compliance Phase” means a trading period of the EU ETS.  
“Compliance Phase Ineligibility Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(ix) 
(Early Redemption Events). 
“Compliance Phase Ineligibility Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
9(b)(ix) (Early Redemption Events). 
“Conditions” means these terms and conditions, as completed by Part A of the relevant Final Terms 
relating to the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities, as set out in the Constituting Instrument in respect 
of the first Tranche of such Series and the provisions of any Registered Global Certificate. 
“Consolidation Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(xvi) (Early Redemption 
Events).  
“Consolidation Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(xvi) (Early 
Redemption Events).  
“Constituting Instrument” means, in respect of a Series, the Constituting Instrument entered into between 
the Issuer, the Trustee and the other parties specified therein and which constitutes such Series and which 
will be entered into at the time of the first Tranche of EUA Linked Securities for that Series and which will 
apply, without further action and without the need for re-execution or execution of a new Constituting 
Instrument, to any further Tranches of that Series. Any document which amends, supplements or replaces 
a Transaction Document originally constituted by the Constituting Instrument shall itself be considered to 
be part of the Constituting Instrument as between the parties to such document. 
“Constitution” means the Issuer’s memorandum of association and articles of association.  
“Corporate Services Provider” means, with respect to the Issuer, Apex Corporate Services (Ireland) 
Limited, whose registered office is at 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin D01 
P767, Ireland, and any successor or replacement thereto.

--- Page 69 ---
68 
“De Minimis Theft Event” means the Programme Administrator becomes aware that Underlying EUAs 
representing less than one per cent. of the total number of Underlying EUAs have been stolen from the 
EUA Custody Account. 
“Definitive Registered Securities Certificate” means a registered certificate (save in the case of a 
Registered Global Certificate) representing one or more EUA Linked Securities of the same Series and, 
save as provided in the Conditions, comprising the entire holding by a Securityholder of their EUA Linked 
Securities of that Series, and includes any replacement certificate issued pursuant to the Conditions. 
“Disrupted Day” means a Scheduled Valuation Day that is not a Valuation Day. 
“Early Redemption Amount” means an amount per EUA Linked Security in the Specified Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of (i) the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked 
Security as at the Early Redemption Commencement Date and (ii) the Average EUA Sale Price, plus the 
Specified Interest Amount.  
“Early Redemption Commencement Date” means, subject to Condition 10(c) (Postponement of Early 
Redemption Commencement Date and Early Redemption Date or Final Redemption Commencement Date 
and Scheduled Maturity Date): 
(i) 
in relation to an Early Redemption Event, the date of the occurrence of such Early Redemption 
Event as specified in Condition 9(b) (Early Redemption Events); and 
(ii) 
in relation to an Event of Default, the date of the Event of Default Redemption Notice from the 
Trustee given to the Issuer pursuant to Condition 14 (Events of Default); 
or if such day is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day. 
“Early Redemption Date” means, subject to postponement in accordance with Condition 10(c) 
(Postponement of Early Redemption Commencement Date and Early Redemption Date or Final 
Redemption Commencement Date and Scheduled Maturity Date), the earlier of (i) the third Business Day 
following the date on which the EUA Disposal Agent confirms the liquidation of all the Underlying EUAs by 
way of notice to the Issuer and the Trustee (copied to all Transaction Parties) and (ii) the third Business 
Day following the final day of the Early Redemption Disposal Period. 
“Early Redemption Disposal Period” means, subject to postponement in accordance with Condition 9(e) 
(Extension of Redemption Disposal Period following EUA Disruption Event), the period of 10 Business 
Days from (but excluding) the Early Redemption Commencement Date.  
“Early Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b) (Early Redemption Events). 
“EEX” means European Energy Exchange AG. 
“Eligible Order Day” means an EUA Business Day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets settle payments and are open for general business in London. 
“English Law Security” has the meaning given to it Condition 6(a)(i)(D)(II) (Security). 
“EU” means the European Union. 
“EU ETS” means the European Union Emissions Trading System. 
“EU ETS Directive” means Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 
October 2003 establishing a scheme for greenhouse gas emission allowance trading within the Community 
and amending Council Directive 96/61/EC.  
“EUA” means an “allowance” (as defined in Article 3(a) of the EU ETS Directive) issued, allocated, created 
and recognised in accordance with the rules and regulations of the EU ETS which represents an 
entitlement to emit a specific volume of carbon dioxide equivalent or other greenhouse gas.

--- Page 70 ---
69 
“EUA Administrator Event” means the suspension of some or all of the processes of the Registry, the 
EUTL or, if applicable, the LSTL in accordance with the Registries Regulation by a National Administrator 
or the Central Administrator (as applicable) (i) where the Registry is not operated and maintained in 
accordance with the provisions of the Registries Regulation, or any other applicable law, or (ii) for the 
purpose of carrying out scheduled or emergency maintenance, or (iii) where there has been or following 
reasonable suspicion of, a breach of security which threatens the integrity of the registries system 
(including any back up facilities), or (iv) where the mutual recognition of EUAs under a relevant Linking 
Agreement has been suspended in accordance with the terms of such Linking Agreement. 
“EUA Business Day” means any Weekday on which the EUA Reference Price is scheduled to be 
published and the Calculation Agent is open for business. 
“EUA Custodian” means UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch. 
“EUA Custodian Bankruptcy/Breach Event” means the EUA Custodian either (i) becomes incapable of 
acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt 
or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, 
liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets or admits in writing 
its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof, or if a resolution is passed 
or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of such entity (other 
than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, administrator, liquidator or other 
similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is appointed, a court order is entered 
approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer 
takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the purpose of liquidation or (ii) commits 
any material breach of the relevant EUA Custody Agreement and does not remedy such breach to the 
satisfaction of the Issuer (if capable of remedy) within 30 calendar days of receiving written notice from the 
Issuer requiring the same to be remedied.  
“EUA Custodian Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(vii) (Early Redemption 
Events). 
“EUA Custodian Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(vii) (Early 
Redemption Events). 
“EUA Custody Account” means, in respect of a Series, the segregated EUA account opened in the name 
of the EUA Custodian in the Luxembourg section of the Union Registry to hold the Underlying EUAs. 
“EUA Custody Accounts Closure Event” means the EUA Custody Account is closed (or required to be 
closed) or the Registry Agreement is terminated and a replacement or successor account or agreement 
(as applicable) has not yet been opened or entered into, for such time until a replacement or successor 
has been opened or entered into, or an EUA Custody Accounts Closure Redemption Event Notice has 
been given. 
“EUA Custody Accounts Closure Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 
9(b)(xi) (Early Redemption Events). 
“EUA Custody Agreement” means, in respect of a Series, the EUA custody agreement entered into by 
the Issuer, the Trustee and the EUA Custodian in the form of the Master EUA Custody Terms (as amended 
and/or supplemented by the Constituting Instrument). 
“EUA Disposal Agent” means UBS Asset Management (UK) Limited. 
“EUA Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event” means the EUA Disposal Agent becomes incapable of acting, 
is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged bankrupt or 
insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement or

--- Page 71 ---
70 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, examiner, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets or 
admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof or, if a 
resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of 
such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, examiner, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is 
appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy 
or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the 
purpose of liquidation. 
“EUA Disruption Event” means: 
(i) 
an EUA Suspension Event; 
(ii) 
an EUA Failure to Deliver;  
(iii) 
an EUA Failure to Comply; or  
(iv) 
an EUA Custody Accounts Closure Event.  
“EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(b) (EUA 
Entitlement per EUA Linked Security). 
“EUA Failure to Comply” means the Issuer (or the EUA Disposal Agent on its behalf) fails to deliver some 
or all of the Underlying EUAs to be delivered under and in accordance with the Conditions and/or the 
Transaction Documents as a result of the failure of the receiving party to comply with the Requirements 
under the Scheme and such failure is other than as a result of an EUA Suspension Event. 
“EUA Failure to Deliver” means the Issuer (or the EUA Disposal Agent on its behalf) fails to deliver some 
or all of the Underlying EUAs to be delivered under and in accordance with the Conditions and/or the 
Transaction Documents and such failure occurs other than as a result of an EUA Failure to Comply or an 
EUA Suspension Event. 
“EUA Linked Securities” means, in respect of a Series, each of the limited recourse securities of such 
Series issued pursuant to the Secured EUA Linked Issuance Programme of the Issuer. 
“EUA Reference Price” means, in respect of an EUA Business Day, the price determined by the 
Calculation Agent by reference to the EUA Reference Price Source.  
“EUA Reference Price Source” means EEX EUA Spot (which is provided by EEX or such successor or 
replacement who administers EEX EUA Spot, and published on https://www.eex.com/en/market-
data/environmentals/spot from time to time).  
“EUA Reference Price Source Disruption” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a)(i) (Valuation 
Disruption Events).  
“EUA Regulatory Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(viii) (Early 
Redemption Events). 
“EUA Regulatory Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(viii) (Early 
Redemption Events). 
“EUA Suspension Event” means a party is unable to perform its delivery or acceptance obligations under 
and in accordance with the Conditions and/or the Transaction Documents and the Scheme through the 
Registry as a result of (i) the absence of Registry Operation or (ii) the occurrence of an EUA Administrator 
Event. 
“Euro Dissolution Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(v) (Early Redemption 
Events).

--- Page 72 ---
71 
“Euro Dissolution Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(v) (Early 
Redemption Events). 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and any successor thereto. 
“EUTL” means the independent transaction log provided for in Article 20(1) of the Directive, the operation 
of which is further detailed in Article 5 of the Registries Regulation. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Events of Default). 
“Event of Default Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 14 (Events of Default). 
“Exchange Date” means a day falling not less than 60 calendar days (or such other time period as may 
be notified by the Issuer to the Securityholders from time to time) after the day on which the notice requiring 
exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the 
relevant Registrar is located. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means, in respect of a Series, a resolution passed at a meeting duly 
convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes 
cast, provided that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. 
of the aggregate number of the EUA Linked Securities who for the time being are entitled to receive notice 
of a meeting held in accordance with the Trust Deed shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effectual as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such Securityholders duly convened and held in 
accordance with the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means an amount per EUA Linked Security in the Specified Currency, due 
and payable on the Scheduled Maturity Date, determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the product of 
(i) the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security as at the Final Redemption Commencement Date and (ii) 
the Average EUA Sale Price, plus the Specified Interest Amount.  
“Final Redemption Commencement Date” means, subject to Condition 10(c) (Postponement of Early 
Redemption Commencement Date and Early Redemption Date or Final Redemption Commencement 
Date and Scheduled Maturity Date), the Business Day falling 13 Business Days prior to the Scheduled 
Maturity Date.  
“Final Redemption Disposal Period” means, subject to postponement in accordance with Condition 9(e) 
(Extension of Redemption Disposal Period following EUA Disruption Event), the period of 10 Business 
Days from (but excluding) the Final Redemption Commencement Date.  
“Final Terms” means, in respect of a Series and a Tranche, the final terms issued specifying the relevant 
issue details of such Tranche of EUA Linked Securities for such Series, in the form set out in this Base 
Prospectus or such other form as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Programme Administrator. 
“Force Majeure Disruption Event” has the meaning given to it in it in Condition 10(a) (Valuation Disruption 
Events). 
“holder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(b) (Title). 
“Holding Account” means a form of digital record maintained in a Registry (pursuant to and in accordance 
with the Registries Regulation) that is able to be used to record the allocation (if applicable), holding and 
transfer of EUAs pursuant to and in accordance with the Scheme. 
“Initial EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security” means one. 
“Investment” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(i)(A) (Restrictions). 
“Issuer” means HARP Issuer PLC, a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland with 
registered number 661148.

--- Page 73 ---
72 
“Issuer Call Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(xii) (Early Redemption Events).  
“Issue Date” means the issue date of the relevant Tranche of EUA Linked Securities, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
“Issue Price per EUA Linked Security” means: 
(i) 
on the Series Issue Date of a Series, an amount equal to (A) the Initial EUA Entitlement per EUA 
Linked Security; multiplied by (B) the EUA Reference Price with respect to the Series Issue Date; 
and 
(ii) 
in relation to any subsequent Tranche of the EUA Linked Securities of that Series issued after the 
Series Issue Date, the Value per EUA Linked Security (as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
published on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.ubs.com/ETF (or such other 
website notified by the Issuer for such Series of EUA Linked Securities from time to time)) in respect 
of the Subscription Trade Date relating to such Tranche.  
“Issuer Call Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(xii) (Early Redemption 
Events). 
“Issuer Insolvency Event” means the Issuer: 
(i) 
save to the extent contemplated in the Trust Deed for the relevant Series, makes a general 
assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of the Securityholders, or 
such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective;  
(ii) 
institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with insolvency, 
rehabilitative or regulatory jurisdiction over it, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency, 
examinership, bankruptcy or any other similar relief under any bankruptcy, examinership or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or 
liquidation, general settlement with creditors, rescue process, reorganisation proceedings or similar 
proceedings affecting the rights of creditors generally by it or such regulator, process advisor, 
supervisor or similar official; 
(iii) 
has instituted against it, by a person or entity not described in paragraph (ii) above, a proceeding 
seeking a judgment of insolvency, examinership or bankruptcy, rescue process or any other similar 
relief under any bankruptcy, examinership or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition (A) results 
in a judgment of insolvency, examinership or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the 
making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation, or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or 
restrained in each case within 30 calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof; 
(iv) 
has a resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar arrangement on terms 
previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(v) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, examiner, process advisor, 
provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official or any 
application made or petition lodged or documents filed with the court or administrator in relation to 
the Issuer or the Programme (as appropriate) for it or for any assets on which the liabilities of the 
Issuer under the relevant EUA Linked Securities are secured pursuant to the Trust Deed for the 
relevant Series; 
(vi) 
other than the Trustee in circumstances where the Trustee is enforcing the Security pursuant to the 
Trust Deed for the relevant Series or any other Transaction Party in the performance of their 
respective roles, has a secured creditor other than a Secured Creditor take possession by way of 
enforcement of any assets on which the liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant EUA Linked

--- Page 74 ---
73 
Securities are secured pursuant to the Trust Deed or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against any assets on which the 
liabilities of the Issuer under the relevant EUA Linked Securities are secured pursuant to the Trust 
Deed for that Series and such secured creditor maintains possession, or any such process is not 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 calendar days thereafter; 
(vii) 
is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable law to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall 
due or admits its inability to pay its debts as they fall due, except that, with respect to each Series, 
any failure by the Issuer to pay any principal or delivery of any asset when due under that same 
Series shall not constitute an Event of Default under Condition 14 (Events of Default) for the 
purposes of the relevant Series; or 
(viii) 
is subject to any procedure or any step is taken, or any event occurs, analogous to those set out in 
paragraphs (i) to (vi) above. 
“Issuing and Paying Agent” means UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch.  
“Issuing and Paying Agent Bankruptcy Event” means the Issuing and Paying Agent becomes incapable 
of acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is adjudged 
bankrupt or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, arrangement 
or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a receiver, examiner, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets or 
admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof or, if a 
resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or dissolution of 
such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, examiner, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is 
appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy 
or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the 
purpose of liquidation. 
“Linking Agreement” means an agreement between the EU and a non-Member State on the linking of 
their greenhouse gas emissions trading systems as envisaged under Article 25 of the EU ETS Directive 
and which has entered into force in accordance with its terms, as amended from time to time. 
“London Stock Exchange” means the London Stock Exchange plc. 
“Loss” means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not limited to, legal costs 
and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on any judgment, assessment, 
fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim. 
“LSTL” means a transaction log of a non-Member State that is linked to the EUTL under the terms of a 
relevant Linking Agreement. 
“Luxembourg Administrator” means the entity responsible for administering, on behalf of The Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, a set of user accounts under the jurisdiction of The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
in the Union Registry as designated in accordance with Article 7 of the Registries Regulation, being the 
Luxembourg Ministry of the Environment, Climate and Sustainable Development (Ministère de 
l’Environnement, du Climat et du Développement durable) as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
“Luxembourg Law Security” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(a)(i)(B)(C) (Security). 
“Master Account Bank Terms” means, in respect of a Series, the master account bank terms relating to 
the Programme and specified in the Constituting Instrument in relation to such Series. 
“Master Agency Terms” means, in respect of a Series, the master agency terms relating to the 
Programme and specified in the Constituting Instrument in relation to such Series.

--- Page 75 ---
74 
“Master EUA Custody Terms” means, in respect of a Series, the master EUA custody terms relating to 
the Programme and specified in the Constituting Instrument in relation to such Series. 
“Master Programme Administrator Terms” means, in respect of a Series, the master programme 
administrator terms relating to the Programme and specified in the Constituting Instrument in relation to 
such Series. 
“Master Terms and Conditions” means these master terms and conditions. 
“Master Trust Terms” means, in respect of a Series, the master trust terms relating to the Programme 
and specified in the Constituting Instrument in relation to such Series. 
“Materially Increased Costs Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(xiii) (Early 
Redemption Events).  
“Materially Increased Costs Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(xiii) 
(Early Redemption Events).  
“Member State” means any one of the signatories of the EU from time to time. 
“Mortgaged Property” means, in respect of a Series: 
(i) 
the Issuer’s present and future claims, rights, title, interest and benefit (including all income, 
payments, proceeds, revenues, products, property, sum received, receivable or otherwise 
distributed) against the EUA Custodian under the EUA Custody Agreement in relation to the EUA 
Custody Account in respect of such Series of EUA Linked Securities; 
(ii) 
all present and future assets, rights, claims and distributions (including all income, payments, 
interest, proceeds, revenues, title, benefits, products, property, sum received, receivable or 
otherwise distributed) held in or in connection with any financial instruments accounts opened by 
the Issuer with the EUA Custodian in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, securities (including any securities and similar instruments (a) 
credited, by way of book entry (inscription en compte), or as otherwise deposited or held, in each 
case without specification of numbers or other individual identification elements, on a fungible basis 
or (b) otherwise registered and/or referenced and/or referred to in the account or the EUA 
Custodian’s books and/or held in any other manner by the EUA Custodian for the account of the 
Issuer on a contractual basis or otherwise (including as a nominee)), cash and other rights and the 
property held therein or credited thereto; 
(iii) 
the Issuer’s present and future amounts, rights and claims (including all income, payments, 
proceeds, revenues, products, property, sum received, receivable or otherwise distributed) held in, 
or in connection to, the Cash Account under the Account Bank Agreement relating to such Series 
of EUA Linked Securities  
(iv) 
all of the Issuer’s rights, title, interest and benefit under English law present and future in, to and 
under the Agency Agreement, the Programme Administrator Agreement and any Authorised 
Participant Agreement, in each case, as such rights relate to such Series of EUA Linked Securities;  
(v) 
all sums and any other property held or received by the EUA Disposal Agent relating to the sale of 
Underlying EUAs in respect of such Series of EUA Linked Securities; and  
(vi) 
all sums held now or in the future by the Issuing and Paying Agent to meet payments due in respect 
of any Secured Obligation relating to such Series of EUA Linked Securities. 
“National Administrator” means (i) the entity responsible for administering, on behalf of a Member State, 
a set of user accounts under the jurisdiction of a Member State in the Union Registry as designated in 
accordance with Article 7 of the Registries Regulation or (ii) the entity identified as an administrator in 
respect of an LSTL.

--- Page 76 ---
75 
“Net Sale Proceeds” means an amount notified by the EUA Disposal Agent to the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent, the Trustee, the EUA Custodian and the Programme Administrator in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement, which is denominated in the Specified Currency and equal to (i) the proceeds of the sale of 
Underlying EUAs in accordance with Condition 9(c) (Liquidation of Underlying EUAs following an Early 
Redemption Commencement Date or Final Redemption Commencement Date) less (ii) all amounts which 
the EUA Disposal Agent is entitled to deduct from the proceeds of sale in accordance with Condition 9(c) 
(Liquidation of Underlying EUAs following an Early Redemption Commencement Date or Final Redemption 
Commencement Date) less (iii) if the amount of interest that has accrued on the proceeds of realisation of 
the Underlying EUAs which have been deposited into the Cash Account during or relating to the 
Redemption Disposal Period is negative, such amount. 
“Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder” means a Securityholder who is not an Authorised 
Participant. 
“Non-AP Buy-Back Order” means a request from a Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder delivered 
to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent that the Issuer buy back a specified number of EUA Linked 
Securities. 
“Obligor” means each person that has an obligation to the Issuer under the Mortgaged Property. 
“Order” means a Subscription Order or a Buy-Back Order.  
“outstanding” means, in relation to the EUA Linked Securities and a Valuation Day, (i) on the Series Issue 
Date, the EUA Linked Securities issued on such date, and (ii) on any Valuation Day thereafter, all the EUA 
Linked Securities issued on or prior to such Valuation Day except (a) those that have been redeemed in 
accordance with Condition 9 (Redemption); (b) those that have been cancelled for any reason; (c) those 
in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys have been duly paid 
to the Trustee or to the Issuing and Paying Agent and which remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of EUA Linked Securities; (d) those that have become void or in respect of 
which claims have become prescribed; (e) those which have been issued and which are pending 
settlement to an Authorised Participant but in respect of which either the settlement date for which has not 
yet been reached or the relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not delivered in full the relevant subscription 
amount; (f) those that have been delivered to or to the order of the Issuer for cancellation provided that for 
the purposes of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at any meeting of the Securityholders, (2) the 
determination of how many EUA Linked Securities are outstanding for the purposes of the Conditions, the 
relevant Trust Deed and the EUA Custody Agreement and (3) the exercise of any discretion, power or 
authority that the Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, to exercise in or by reference to the interests 
of the Securityholders, those EUA Linked Securities that are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer 
and not cancelled shall (unless no longer so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. For the avoidance 
of doubt, EUA Linked Securities (if any) which the Issuer has agreed on or prior to such Valuation Day to 
issue but in respect of which either the settlement date has not been reached or delivery of the relevant 
subscription amount has not been received in full from the relevant Authorised Participant(s) and 
settlement to such relevant Authorised Participant(s) has not yet occurred shall not be deemed to be 
“outstanding” on such Valuation Day. 
“Payment Business Day” means in relation to a payment, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) (i) that 
is a T2 Settlement Day and on which (ii) the Relevant Clearing System(s) is/are is open. 
“Permitted Obligations” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(i)(A) (Restrictions). 
“Potential Event of Default” means an event or circumstance that could with the giving of notice, lapse of 
time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default. 
“Price Source” means in respect of any Reference Rate, any screen or other source on which such 
Reference Rate is expected to be displayed or published, as such screen or source may be replaced or 
succeeded pursuant to these Conditions.

--- Page 77 ---
76 
“Proceedings” has the meaning given to it in Condition 24(b) (Jurisdiction). 
“Programme Administrator” means UBS AG, London branch.  
“Programme Administrator Agreement” means, in respect of a Series, the programme administrator 
agreement entered into by the Issuer and the Programme Administrator in the form of the Master 
Programme Administrator Terms (as amended and/or supplemented by the Constituting Instrument).  
“Programme Administrator Bankruptcy Event” means the Programme Administrator becomes 
incapable of acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is 
adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a 
receiver, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its 
assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment thereof, 
or if a resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation or 
dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, 
administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its assets is 
appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable bankruptcy 
or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs for the 
purpose of liquidation. 
“Redemption Disposal Period” means the Early Redemption Disposal Period or the Final Redemption 
Disposal Period, as applicable.  
“Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Series, any index or benchmark by reference to which any 
amount payable under the EUA Linked Securities of that Series, or any formula, calculation or 
determination relating to the EUA Linked Securities of that Series, is determined, as the same may be 
replaced or succeeded pursuant to Condition 11 (Successor Price Source, Replacement Price Source and 
related Amendments). 
“Reference Rate Cessation” means:  
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the Reference 
Rate announcing that it has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of 
the Reference Rate, the central bank for the currency of the Reference Rate, an insolvency official 
with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Reference Rate, a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Reference Rate or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Reference Rate, which states that the 
administrator of the Reference Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
the Calculation Agent otherwise determines that a Reference Rate has ceased to be published on 
a permanent or indefinite basis and there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide 
the Reference Rate. 
“Reference Rate Event” means the occurrence of any of the following:  
(i) 
a Reference Rate Cessation;  
(ii) 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event; or

--- Page 78 ---
77 
(iii) 
there is an EUA Reference Price Source Disruption for more than five consecutive EUA Business 
Days. 
“Reference Rate Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(xiv) (Early Redemption 
Events). 
“Reference Rate Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(xiv) (Early 
Redemption Events). 
“Register” means, in respect of each Series of EUA Linked Securities, the register of Securityholders, 
which records the holders of all EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series, and which is maintained by 
the Registrar(s) on behalf of the Issuer. 
“Registered Global Certificate” means a registered certificate substantially in the form set out in Schedule 
1 to the Trust Deed and representing EUA Linked Securities of one or more Tranches of the same Series. 
“Registrar” means, in respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities, the registrar that is appointed as a 
Registrar under the Agency Agreement. As at the date hereof, the Registrar is UBS Europe SE, 
Luxembourg branch. 
“Registrar/Transfer Agent Bankruptcy Event” means the Registrar and/or the Transfer Agent becomes 
incapable of acting, is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), is 
adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, makes a general assignment, 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors, consents to the appointment of a 
receiver, examiner, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially 
all of its assets or admits in writing its inability to pay or meet its debts as they mature or suspends payment 
thereof or, if a resolution is passed or an order made for the winding-up, official management, liquidation 
or dissolution of such entity (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), a receiver, 
examiner, administrator, liquidator or other similar official of either the entity or all or substantially all of its 
assets is appointed, a court order is entered approving a petition filed by or against it under applicable 
bankruptcy or insolvency law, or a public officer takes charge or control of the entity or its property or affairs 
for the purpose of liquidation. 
“Registries Regulation” means the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/1122 of 12 March 2019 
supplementing Directive 2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the 
functioning of the Union Registry. 
“Registry” means the registry established by the EU in order to ensure the accurate accounting of the 
issue, holding, transfer, acquisition, surrender, cancellation and replacement of EUAs, including the Union 
Registry and the Holding Accounts within the Union Registry that are under the jurisdiction of a single 
National Administrator designated by a Member State. 
“Registry Agreement” means the agreement between the EUA Custodian and the Luxembourg 
Administrator governing the operation of the EUA Custody Account. 
“Registry Operation” means, other than by reason of the occurrence of an EUA Administrator Event: 
(i) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the Registry; 
(ii) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the EUTL;  
(iii) 
the establishment of and continuing functioning of the link between the Registry and the EUTL; 
and/or 
(iv) 
the continued functioning of the link between each of the LSTL and the EUTL. 
“Regulatory Requirement Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 21 (Regulatory 
Requirement Amendments).

--- Page 79 ---
78 
“Regulatory Requirement Amendments Certificate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 21(D) 
(Regulatory Requirement Amendments). 
“Regulatory Requirement Event” means that, as a result of a Relevant Regulatory Law: 
(i) 
the EUA Linked Securities or any of the transactions contemplated by the Conditions and the 
Transaction Documents are not, or will cease to be, compliant with one or more Relevant Regulatory 
Laws; 
(ii) 
the Issuer and/or any Transaction Party is not, or will cease to be, compliant with one or more 
Relevant Regulatory Laws; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer and/or any Transaction Party is not, or will cease to be, able to continue to transact future 
business (as issuer of EUA Linked Securities or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the 
Programme) in compliance with all Relevant Regulatory Laws. 
“Relevant Authority” means any authority having power pursuant to the EU ETS Directive and/or the 
Registries Regulation to administer the Scheme, including the Central Administrator and each National 
Administrator. 
“Relevant Clearing System” means, in respect of a Series, each Clearing System through which EUA 
Linked Securities of such Series are to be cleared, as specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:  
(i) 
the central bank for the currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated or any central bank 
or other supervisor which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or  
(ii) 
any working group or committee officially endorsed or convened by (a) the central bank for the 
currency in which the Reference Rate is denominated, (b) any central bank or other supervisor 
which is responsible for supervising either the Reference Rate or the administrator of the Reference 
Rate, (c) a group of those central banks or other supervisors or (d) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof. 
“Relevant Provisions” means the provisions of the Transaction Documents and the Conditions.  
“Relevant Regulatory Law” means, in respect of a Series:  
(i) 
the Dodd-Frank Act, the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 and the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 
(or similar legislation in other jurisdictions) and the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, 
any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical guidelines and 
regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules or procedures 
with respect thereto;  
(ii) 
Regulation 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC 
Derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories and the implementation or adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical 
guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules 
or procedures with respect thereto; 
(iii) 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/EU (recast) and 
the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and 
any formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, 
official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect thereto;

--- Page 80 ---
79 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 and the 
implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any 
formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, 
official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect thereto; 
(v) 
Directive 2011/61/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2011 on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers and the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, 
regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory 
technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect 
thereto; 
(vi) 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a 
framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and the 
implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any 
formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, 
official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect thereto; 
(vii) 
Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 of 12 July 2016 laying down rules against tax avoidance practices 
that directly affect the functioning of the internal market and the implementation or adoption of, or 
any change in, any law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical 
guidelines and regulatory technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules 
or procedures with respect thereto;  
(viii) 
Council Directive (EU) 2017/952 of 29 May 2017 amending Directive (EU) 2016/1164 as regards 
hybrid mismatches with third countries and the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any 
law, regulation or rule related thereto and any formal or informal technical guidelines and regulatory 
technical standards, further regulations, official guidance or official rules or procedures with respect 
thereto; 
(ix) 
the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended) and all orders and regulations relating thereto; 
(x) 
the implementation or adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, regulation, rule, guideline, 
standard or guidance of any jurisdiction after the Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date, and 
with applicable law, regulation, rule, guideline, standard or guidance for this purpose meaning (a) 
any similar, related or analogous law, regulation, rule, guideline, standard or guidance to those in 
paragraphs (i) to (viii) above or any law or regulation that imposes a financial transaction tax or other 
similar tax or (b) any law, regulation, rule, guideline, standard or guidance of any jurisdiction that is 
changed or that is implemented as a result of the UK’s departure from the EU;  
(xi) 
any arrangements or understandings that any Transaction Party or any of its Affiliates may have 
made or entered into with any regulatory agency with respect to its or any of their legal entity 
structure or location with regard to (a) any of paragraphs (i) to (ix) above or (b) the UK’s departure 
from the EU; or 
(xii) 
any change in any of the laws, regulations, rules, guidelines, standards or guidance referred to in 
paragraphs (i) to (ix) above as a result of the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation 
by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction after the Relevant 
Regulatory Law Reference Date or as a result of the public or private statement or action by, or 
response of, any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction or any official or 
representative of any such court, tribunal or regulatory authority acting in an official capacity with 
respect thereto. 
“Relevant Regulatory Law Reference Date” means, in respect of a Series, the Subscription Trade Date 
in relation to the first Tranche of EUA Linked Securities of such Series.

--- Page 81 ---
80 
“Relevant Stock Exchange” means, in respect of a Series, each stock exchange on which such Series is 
listed. 
“Replacement Reference Rate” means, in respect of a Reference Rate:  
(i) 
where the Reference Rate Event is a Reference Rate Cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, any index, benchmark or other price that is formally designated, nominated or recommended 
by: 
(a) 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(b) 
the administrator or sponsor of the Reference Rate (provided that such index, benchmark or 
other price is substantially the same as the Reference Rate); or 
if there is no such designation, nomination or recommendation, or the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines that in the context of the EUA Linked Securities such designation, nomination or 
recommendation is not a commercially reasonable alternative for the affected Reference Rate, then 
the Replacement Reference Rate shall be such index, benchmark or other price that the Programme 
Administrator determines to be a commercially reasonable alternative for the affected Reference 
Rate; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Rate Event is not a Reference Rate Cessation or an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event, any index, benchmark or other price that is determined by the Calculation Agent to be a 
commercially reasonable alternative for the affected Reference Rate. 
“Requirements under the Scheme” means, in respect of a receiving party, each of the following 
requirements: 
(i) 
ensuring that on a delivery date, it has one or more Holding Accounts validly registered in 
accordance with the Registries Regulation; and 
(ii) 
conducting its affairs so as not to give any Relevant Authority cause to block, suspend, refuse, reject 
or cancel the transfer (whether in whole or in part) of EUAs requested to be made pursuant to and 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
“Sale/Transfer Breach Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(xv) (Early 
Redemption Events).  
“Sale/Transfer Breach Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(xv) (Early 
Redemption Events).  
“Scheduled Maturity Date” means the scheduled maturity date specified in the Final Terms, subject to (i) 
postponement in accordance with Condition 9(e) (Extension of Redemption Disposal Period following EUA 
Disruption Event) and Condition 10(c) (Postponement of Early Redemption Commencement Date and 
Early Redemption Date or Final Redemption Commencement Date and Scheduled Maturity Date) and (ii) 
extension in accordance with Condition 18(d) (Extension of the Scheduled Maturity Date). 
“Scheduled Valuation Day” means the Series Issue Date and each day thereafter that is an EUA Business 
Day.  
“Scheme” means the scheme for transferring EUAs established pursuant to the EU ETS Directive and the 
Registries Regulation, and as implemented by the national laws of Member States. 
“Secured Creditor” means each person that is entitled to the benefit of Secured Obligations for such 
Series. 
“Secured Obligations” means, in respect of a Series, the obligations of the Issuer under the Trust Deed, 
each EUA Linked Security of that Series and each other Transaction Document, in each case to the extent 
such obligations relate to the relevant Series and “Secured Obligation” means any of them.

--- Page 82 ---
81 
“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended. 
“Security” means the English Law Security and the Luxembourg Law Security. 
“Securityholder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2(b) (Title). 
“Series” means, in respect of EUA Linked Securities, all EUA Linked Securities having the same ISIN or 
other securities identifier. 
“Series Issue Date” means, in respect of a Series, the Issue Date of the first Tranche of EUA Linked 
Securities of such Series, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Series Overheads” means, in respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities: 
(i) 
the costs in relation to the printing of any offering documentation (including any Base Prospectus or 
any prospectus issued as a supplement to the Base Prospectus) in relation to the Programme or 
any EUA Linked Securities issued thereunder;  
(ii) 
the costs of any publication or advertising in respect of such EUA Linked Securities; 
(iii) 
the payment to the Issuer for its own account for issuing the EUA Linked Securities of a corporate 
benefit fee of EUR 1,000 for the first Series in each year, EUR 250 per series for the second to the 
fifth Series in each year and EUR 50 per series for any subsequent Series in each year;  
(iv) 
any legal fees and disbursements relating to such EUA Linked Securities payable to the legal 
advisers and other professional advisers to the Issuer in Ireland and/or any other legal advisers and 
any other professional advisers properly appointed by the Issuer (subject to the prior written 
approval of the Programme Administrator prior to the occurrence of a Programme Administrator 
Bankruptcy Event); 
(v) 
any legal fees and disbursements relating to such EUA Linked Securities payable to the legal 
advisers and other professional advisers to the Programme Administrator or any Agent and/or any 
other legal advisers and any other professional advisers properly appointed by the Programme 
Administrator or any Agent; 
(vi) 
any fees payable to any Relevant Stock Exchange in respect of the listing of such EUA Linked 
Securities on such Relevant Stock Exchange or to any regulatory authority; and 
(vii) 
any other fee, cost, expense, pecuniary sanction or disbursement properly incurred or payable by 
the Issuer in relation to the issue of such EUA Linked Securities including, without limitation, costs 
and expenses to carry out the orderly winding-up of the Issuer which is not to be reimbursed by any 
other person. 
“Service Provider Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(ii) (Early Redemption 
Events).  
“Service Provider Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(ii) (Early 
Redemption Events).  
“Specified Currency” means euro. 
“Specified Interest Amount” means an amount of interest (subject to a minimum of zero) per EUA Linked 
Security equal to that EUA Linked Security’s pro rata share of the amount of interest (if any) which has 
accrued (at the rate of interest then applicable in respect of the Cash Account) on the proceeds of 
realisation of the Underlying EUAs which have been deposited into the Cash Account, during or relating to 
the Redemption Disposal Period.

--- Page 83 ---
82 
“specified office” means, in relation to any Agent, the office identified in respect of such Agent in the 
Constituting Instrument or any other office approved by the Trustee and notified to Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 20 (Notices). 
“Subscription Order” means a request for the Issuer to issue EUA Linked Securities delivered in 
accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. 
“Subscription Payment Amount” means, in respect of a Subscription Order, an amount in the Specified 
Currency equal to the product of (i) the Value per EUA Linked Security as of the relevant Subscription 
Trade Date and (ii) the number of EUA Linked Securities to be issued pursuant to such Subscription Order. 
“Subscription Settlement Amount” means, in respect of a subscription for EUA Linked Securities and 
the related Subscription Settlement Date, a number of EUAs determined by the Calculation Agent as being 
equal to the product of the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security in respect of the relevant Subscription 
Trade Date and the aggregate number of EUA Linked Securities to be issued pursuant to the relevant 
Subscription Order (subject to rounding in accordance with Condition 12(i) (Rounding)). 
“Subscription Settlement Date” means, in respect of a Subscription Order, subject to the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement, such date after the Subscription Trade Date as agreed between the 
Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) and the relevant Authorised Participant. 
“Subscription Trade Date” means an Eligible Order Day on which a Subscription Order is submitted by 
an Authorised Participant by the relevant cut-off time and determined to be valid and accepted and 
processed by or on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. 
“Substituted Obligor” has the meaning given to it in Condition 18(c) (Substitution). 
“Substitution” has the meaning given to it in Condition 18(c) (Substitution). 
“Substitution Deed” means a deed entered into from time to time between, inter alia, the Issuer, the 
Substituted Obligor and the Trustee, under which the Substituted Obligor agrees to assume all rights, 
liabilities, duties and obligations of the Issuer under the Transaction Documents in place of the Issuer.  
“Successor Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(a) (Successor Reference Rate and 
Successor Price Source). 
“Successor Reference Rate” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11(a) (Successor Reference Rate 
and Successor Price Source). 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor system.  
“T2 Settlement Day” means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments in euro. 
“Tax” means any present or future tax, duty, assessment or charge of whatsoever nature (including, without 
limitation, any tax on income, profits, gains, net wealth, asset values or turnover, stamp duty, stamp duty 
reserve tax, excise, severance, sales, use, transfer, documentary, recording tax or duty or any other similar 
tax, duty or charge) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any government, applicable tax 
authority or jurisdiction. 
“Tax Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(iii) (Early Redemption Events). 
“Tax Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(iii) (Early Redemption 
Events). 
“Termination Event Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(iv) (Early 
Redemption Events).  
“Theft Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(vi) (Early Redemption Events).

--- Page 84 ---
83 
“Theft Redemption Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(vi) (Early Redemption 
Events). 
“Threshold Level Redemption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b)(vii) (Early Redemption 
Events). 
“Total Expense Ratio” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(e)(i) (Total Expense Ratio). 
“Tranche” means, in relation to EUA Linked Securities of a Series, the EUA Linked Securities of that Series 
that are issued on the same Issue Date at the same Issue Price per EUA Linked Security and that have 
the same ISIN or other securities identifier. 
“Transaction Document” means, in respect of a Series, the Constituting Instrument, the Final Terms, the 
Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Programme Administrator Agreement, the EUA Custody 
Agreement, each Authorised Participant Agreement and the Account Bank Agreement, and “Transaction 
Documents” means all such documents.  
“Transaction Party” means a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer) and the Corporate 
Services Provider save that where the Conditions require notification to each Transaction Party this shall 
not include any Authorised Participant or the Corporate Services Provider. 
“Transfer Agent” means UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch. 
“Trust Deed” means, in respect of a Series, the trust deed relating to such Series of EUA Linked Securities 
entered into as a deed by the Issuer, the Trustee and any other parties thereto by the execution of the 
Constituting Instrument and in the form of the relevant Master Trust Terms (as amended and/or 
supplemented by the Constituting Instrument). 
“Trusted Status” means, with respect to a Holding Account, that such account is included with the list of 
“trusted accounts” maintained by the Union Registry to which Holding Accounts may make transfers of 
EUAs and meets any other security or other requirements of the Union Registry enabling the transfer to 
that account of EUAs. 
“Trustee” means BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited. 
“Underlying EUAs” means, in respect of a Series, all EUAs held by the EUA Custodian in the EUA Custody 
Account relating to such Series.  
“Union Registry” means the registry referred to as the “Community registry” in Article 19(1) of the EU ETS 
Directive. 
“Valuation Day” means each Scheduled Valuation Day other than a Scheduled Valuation Day in respect 
of which a Valuation Disruption Event Suspension Notice has been delivered to the Issuer by the 
Programme Administrator. 
“Valuation Disruption Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a) (Valuation Disruption Events).  
“Valuation Disruption Event Suspension Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(b) 
(Suspension of Subscriptions/Buy-Backs). 
“Value per EUA Linked Security” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(c) (Value per EUA Linked 
Security). 
“VAT” means: 
(i) 
within the EU, such taxation as may be levied in accordance with (but subject to derogations 
from) EU Directive 2006/112/EC;  
(ii) 
within the UK, any value added tax imposed by the VAT Act 1994; and

--- Page 85 ---
84 
(iii) 
outside the EU and the UK, any similar taxation levied by reference to added value or sales. 
. 
“Weekday” means each of Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. 
2 
Form and Title 
(a) 
Form 
The EUA Linked Securities will be issued in registered form. The EUA Linked Securities will initially 
be represented by a Registered Global Certificate which may be exchanged for one or more 
Definitive Registered Securities Certificates in the circumstances described in Condition 3 
(Transfers and Exchange). 
(b) 
Title 
Title to the EUA Linked Securities is recorded on the Register and shall pass by registration in the 
Register.  
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any EUA 
Linked Security represented by a Registered Global Certificate whose name is registered in the 
Register shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes and 
regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, and no person shall be liable for so 
treating the holder. In the Conditions, “Securityholder” and “holder” of an EUA Linked Security 
means the person in whose name an EUA Linked Security of the relevant Series is registered in the 
Register. 
3 
Transfers and Exchange 
(a) 
General 
Legal title to the EUA Linked Securities will pass upon registration of the transfer in the Register 
maintained by the relevant Registrar. 
(b) 
EUA Linked Securities in global form 
All transfers of EUA Linked Securities represented by a Registered Global Certificate shall be 
subject to and made in accordance with the rules, procedures and practices in effect of the Relevant 
Clearing System(s). 
(c) 
Exchange 
While the EUA Linked Securities are cleared through the Relevant Clearing System(s), the EUA 
Linked Securities will be represented by a Registered Global Certificate. The Registered Global 
Certificate will be exchangeable (free of charge to the holder) on or after the Exchange Date in 
whole, but not in part, for one or more Definitive Registered Securities Certificates if the following 
occur (unless otherwise notified by the Issuer to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices)):  
 
the Relevant Clearing System(s) is/are closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
calendar days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise); and/or  
 
the Relevant Clearing System(s) announce(s) an intention permanently to cease business or 
do(es) in fact do so. 
Any such exchange may be effected on or after an Exchange Date by the holder of the Registered 
Global Certificate surrendering the Registered Global Certificate to or to the order of the relevant 
Registrar. In exchange for the Registered Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the

--- Page 86 ---
85 
delivery of, one or more duly executed and authenticated Definitive Registered Securities 
Certificates in an aggregate number equal to the number of EUA Linked Securities represented by 
the Registered Global Certificate submitted for exchange. 
(d) 
Securities in definitive form 
Transfers of definitive registered securities are effected upon the surrender (at the specified office 
of the relevant Registrar or Transfer Agent) of the Definitive Registered Securities Certificate(s) 
representing such definitive registered securities to be transferred, together with the form of transfer 
endorsed on such Definitive Registered Securities Certificate(s) (or another form of transfer 
substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and certifications (if any), 
unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and any other evidence as 
the relevant Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. 
In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of definitive registered securities represented by 
one Definitive Registered Securities Certificate, a new Definitive Registered Securities Certificate 
shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Definitive 
Registered Securities Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be 
issued to the transferor. 
(e) 
Delivery of new Definitive Registered Securities Certificates  
Each new Definitive Registered Securities Certificate to be issued pursuant to this Condition 3 
(Transfers and Exchange) shall be available for delivery within three Business Days of surrender of 
the Definitive Registered Securities Certificate for exchange and receipt of the relevant form of 
transfer and any evidence required by the relevant Registrar or Transfer Agent. Delivery of the new 
Definitive Registered Securities Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the relevant 
Registrar or Transfer Agent (as the case may be) to whom delivery or surrender of such request for 
exchange, form of transfer or Definitive Registered Securities Certificate shall have been made or, 
at the option of the Securityholder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified 
in the relevant request for exchange, form of transfer or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured 
post at the risk of the Securityholder entitled to the new Definitive Registered Securities Certificate 
(as applicable) to such address as may be so specified, unless such Securityholder requests 
otherwise and pays in advance to the Transfer Agent or the relevant Registrar (as applicable) the 
costs of such other method of delivery and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 
3(e) (Delivery of new Definitive Registered Securities Certificates), “Business Day” means a day, 
other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for general business in the city in which 
the specified office of the relevant Registrar or Transfer Agent is located.  
(f) 
Transfer Free of Charge 
Transfers of EUA Linked Securities shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, 
the relevant Registrar or Transfer Agent but upon payment by the relevant holder of any Tax or 
other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such indemnity as 
the Issuer, the relevant Registrar or Transfer Agent may require). 
(g) 
Closed Periods 
If the rules and procedures of the relevant Registrar and/or for so long as the EUA Linked Securities 
are held in a Relevant Clearing System, the rules and procedures of the Relevant Clearing 
System(s) include any closed period in which no Securityholder may require the transfer of an EUA 
Linked Security to be registered in the Register, such closed periods shall apply to the EUA Linked 
Securities. Details of any such closed period are available from the relevant Registrar or the 
Relevant Clearing System (as applicable).

--- Page 87 ---
86 
4 
Constitution and Status 
Each Series of EUA Linked Securities is constituted and secured by the relevant Trust Deed. The EUA 
Linked Securities are secured, limited recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu 
and without any preference among themselves, secured in the manner described in Condition 6 (Security) 
and recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in Condition 15 (Enforcement) and 
Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition).  
5 
EUA Entitlement and Value 
(a) 
Determination of EUA Entitlement and Value 
The Calculation Agent shall calculate the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security in respect of 
each calendar day and the Value per EUA Linked Security in respect of each Valuation Day, in each 
case, up to (and including) the Early Redemption Commencement Date or Final Redemption 
Commencement Date (as applicable). 
(b) 
EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security 
The “EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security” in respect of a calendar day shall be an amount 
per EUA Linked Security determined by the Calculation Agent as follows:  
(i) 
in relation to the Series Issue Date, the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security shall be 
equal to the Initial EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any other calendar day, the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security shall be 
an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent equal to the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked 
Security in respect of the immediately preceding calendar day, reduced by the application of 
the Total Expense Ratio for one calendar day. 
For illustration purposes only, a formulaic expression of the determination of the EUA Entitlement 
per EUA Linked Security in respect of any calendar day other than the Series Issue Date is set out 
below:  
𝐸௧= 𝐸௧ିଵ× [(1 −𝑇𝐸𝑅௧)ଵ/ଷ଺ହ] 
Where:  
“Et” means, in respect of a calendar day (t), the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security in 
respect of that calendar day; 
“Et-1” means, in respect of a calendar day (t), the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security 
in respect of the immediately preceding calendar day; and 
“TERt” means, in respect of a calendar day (t), the Total Expense Ratio as at that calendar 
day (t).  
If a De Minimis Theft Event occurs, the Calculation Agent may make such adjustments to the EUA 
Entitlement per EUA Linked Security, and any other relevant terms of the EUA Linked Securities, 
as it considers appropriate to account for the effect of such De Minimis Theft Event. 
(c) 
Value per EUA Linked Security 
The “Value per EUA Linked Security” in respect of a Valuation Day shall be an amount per EUA 
Linked Security expressed in the Specified Currency and determined by the Calculation Agent as 
being equal to: 
(i) 
the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security in respect of the relevant Valuation Day; 
multiplied by

--- Page 88 ---
87 
(ii) 
the EUA Reference Price in respect of the relevant Valuation Day. 
For illustration purposes only, a formulaic expression of the determination of Value per EUA Linked 
Security is set out below:  
𝑉𝑝𝑆௧= 𝐸௧ × 𝑅௧ 
Where:  
“VpSt” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the Value per EUA Linked Security in respect 
of that Valuation Day;  
“Et” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security 
in respect of that Valuation Day; and 
“Rt” means, in respect of a Valuation Day (t), the EUA Reference Price in respect of that 
Valuation Day. 
(d) 
Corrections 
If, following the determination of the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security and the Value per 
EUA Linked Security in respect of any Valuation Day, the Calculation Agent subsequently 
determines or it comes to its attention that such value was incorrectly determined, the Calculation 
Agent may adjust any relevant terms of the EUA Linked Securities to account for a correction thereof 
but provided that, whilst it may do so in its discretion, the Calculation Agent shall not be required to 
make any such correction where it determines that such correction would not in its opinion result in 
a material change to the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security or Value per EUA Linked 
Security. The Calculation Agent shall give notice to Securityholders of any such adjustments made 
pursuant to this Condition 5(d) (Corrections) as soon as reasonably practicable in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices).  
(e) 
Total Expense Ratio 
(i) 
The “Total Expense Ratio” in respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities is 0.75 per cent. 
per annum unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms. The Total Expense Ratio is applied 
to the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security on a daily basis to determine a daily 
reduction to the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security to pay the fees of the Programme 
Administrator, the EUA Custodian and the EUA Disposal Agent relating to such Series. 
(ii) 
The Programme Administrator may vary the Total Expense Ratio in respect of a Series of 
EUA Linked Securities from time to time by notice to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and 
the Securityholders, provided that no increase in the Total Expense Ratio in respect of such 
Series will take effect unless Securityholders of such Series have been given at least 30 
calendar days’ notice. 
(iii) 
The EUA Disposal Agent shall, on behalf of the Issuer, periodically realise Underlying EUAs 
representing the aggregate reduction in the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security in 
respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities (subject to rounding in accordance 
with Condition 12(i) (Rounding)). The Issuer has authorised and directed the EUA Custodian 
to deliver, on the Issuer’s behalf, Underlying EUAs from the EUA Custody Account to, or to 
the order of, the EUA Disposal Agent as required for the EUA Disposal Agent to effect each 
such realisation.

--- Page 89 ---
88 
6 
Security 
(a) 
Security 
(i) 
The Secured Obligations are secured in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of itself and as 
trustee for the other Secured Creditors, pursuant to the Trust Deed in respect of the relevant 
Series of EUA Linked Securities, by: 
(A) 
a first ranking pledge under Luxembourg law of all of the Issuer’s claims, rights, title, 
interest and benefit (including all income, payments, proceeds, revenues, products, 
property, sum received, receivable or otherwise distributed) present and future against 
the EUA Custodian under the EUA Custody Agreement in relation to the EUA Custody 
Account in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities;  
(B) 
a first ranking pledge under Luxembourg law of all present and future assets, rights, 
claims and distributions (including all income, payments, interest, proceeds, revenues, 
title, benefits, products, property, sum received, receivable or otherwise distributed) 
held in or in connection with any financial instruments accounts opened by the Issuer 
with the EUA Custodian in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities 
including, for the avoidance of doubt, securities (including any securities and similar 
instruments (i) credited, by way of book entry (inscription en compte), or as otherwise 
deposited or held, in each case without specification of numbers or other individual 
identification elements, on a fungible basis or (ii) otherwise registered and/or 
referenced and/or referred to in the account or the EUA Custodian’s books and/or held 
in any other manner by the EUA Custodian for the account of the Issuer on a 
contractual basis or otherwise (including as a nominee)), cash and other rights and 
the property held therein or credited thereto; and  
(C) 
a first ranking pledge under Luxembourg law of all present and future amounts, rights 
and claims (including all income, payments, proceeds, revenues, products, property, 
sum received, receivable or otherwise distributed) held in, or in connection to, the 
Cash Account under the Account Bank Agreement in respect of the relevant Series of 
EUA Linked Securities and the grant of a first ranking security interest under 
Luxembourg law in respect of such amounts (the security in paragraphs (A), (B) and 
(C) together, the “Luxembourg Law Security”);  
(D) 
in addition, but subject to the Luxembourg Law Security;  
(I) 
an assignment by way of security under English law of all of the Issuer’s rights, 
title, interest and benefit present and future in, to and under the Agency 
Agreement, the Programme Administrator Agreement and any Authorised 
Participant Agreement (in each case to the extent that they relate to the relevant 
Series of EUA Linked Securities); and  
(II) 
a first fixed charge under English law over (x) all sums and any other property 
held or received by the EUA Disposal Agent relating to the sale of Underlying 
EUAs in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities; and (y) all 
sums held now or in the future by the Issuing and Paying Agent to meet 
payments due in respect of any Secured Obligation relating to the relevant 
Series of EUA Linked Securities (the security in (I) and (II) together, the 
“English Law Security”).  
(ii) 
The Security is granted to the Trustee for the benefit of itself and as trustee for the other 
Secured Creditors as continuing security for the Secured Obligations relating to the relevant 
Series of EUA Linked Securities. In accordance with the Trust Deed, prior to any enforcement

--- Page 90 ---
89 
of the Security, the Trustee will be deemed to release from such Security without the need 
for any notice or other formalities:  
(A) 
any cash or EUAs held by the EUA Custodian on the Issuer’s behalf, the Issuing and 
Paying Agent, the Account Bank and/or the EUA Disposal Agent or any person, as 
applicable, to the extent such cash or EUAs are required for, and at the time of, 
payment of any sum or delivery of any EUAs in respect of the relevant Series of EUA 
Linked Securities and/or under the Transaction Documents; 
(B) 
upon certification by the Calculation Agent from time to time to the Trustee that the 
amount standing to the credit of the Cash Account exceeds (as reasonably determined 
by the Calculation Agent) the amount the Issuer requires at that time to meet (x) the 
relevant Series Overheads, (y) the Issuer’s share of any taxes owing by it in respect 
of a Series of EUA Linked Securities and/or (z) any fees, costs and expenses payable 
by the Issuer in relation to EUA Linked Securities of such Series to the Trustee, any 
Agent, or any other Transaction Party pursuant to, or in connection with, the 
Transaction Documents in relation to such EUA Linked Securities (in each case as 
they stand at such time), such excess; 
(C) 
the Mortgaged Property only to the extent necessary to allow the Disposal Agent to 
effect a realisation of the Underlying EUAs in accordance with Condition 9(c) 
(Liquidation of Underlying EUAs following an Early Redemption Commencement Date 
or Final Redemption Commencement Date) or the Transaction Documents, and with 
such release taking place at the time of delivery (following receipt of the proceeds of 
realisation) (and provided that nothing in this paragraph shall operate to release the 
Security over the proceeds of the realisation of the Underlying EUAs); 
(D) 
the Issuer’s rights in relation to any Authorised Participant Agreement only to the 
extent required to assign any benefit to the Programme Administrator if the 
Programme Administrator has made payment or delivery to or to the order or for the 
benefit of the Issuer of payments or deliveries that an Authorised Participant was 
required but has failed to make, and with such release taking place at the time of such 
assignment; and 
(E) 
a pro rata amount of the Mortgaged Property to the extent required for, and at the time 
of, the buy-back and cancellation of any EUA Linked Securities by the Issuer in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Subscription and Buy-Back) and/or an Authorised 
Participant Agreement.  
(b) 
Issuer’s Rights as Beneficial Owner of the Underlying EUAs 
Unless otherwise permitted by the Conditions or other Transaction Documents, the Issuer shall not 
exercise any rights with respect to the Mortgaged Property relating to the relevant Series of EUA 
Linked Securities unless it has obtained the sanction of an Extraordinary Resolution or the prior 
written consent of the Trustee and, if such sanction or consent is given, the Issuer shall act only in 
accordance with such sanction or consent, provided that, prior to the Security in respect of the 
relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities becoming enforceable, the Issuer may release or modify 
the rights and assets which are comprised in the Mortgaged Property for the relevant Series of EUA 
Linked Securities without any such sanction or consent being required to the extent necessary in 
connection with any of the circumstances described in Condition 6(a) (Security) in relation to which 
the Security over such Mortgaged Property is released.

--- Page 91 ---
90 
7 
Restrictions  
So long as any of the EUA Linked Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer has covenanted so that it will 
not, without the prior written consent of the Trustee and except as provided for or contemplated in the 
Conditions or any Transaction Document:  
(i) 
engage in any activity or do anything whatsoever (and has represented that it has not engaged in 
any activity or done anything whatsoever), except: 
(A) 
issuing or entering into EUA Linked Securities, bonds, or other debt securities, loan 
obligations, funds, equities, exchange traded funds, commodities, exchange traded 
derivatives and other exchange traded products, derivative transactions including, without 
limitation, currency exchange and currency hedging arrangements, swaps transactions 
(including, without limitation, total return, default and funded default swaps) options or futures 
transactions, buy-sell back transactions, sale and repurchase transactions, further securities 
(each an “Investment” and together the “Investments”) provided that such Investments are 
secured (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Constituting Instrument) on specified 
assets of the Issuer (other than its share capital) and on terms which provide for the 
extinguishment of all claims in respect of such Investments to the extent not paid in full after 
application of the proceeds of the specified assets on which such Investments are secured 
(the “Permitted Investments”); or otherwise incurring indebtedness or obligations in respect 
of moneys borrowed or raised or in respect of the issue or creation of other investments 
where such indebtedness or obligation is incurred on terms that it is secured (unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Constituting Instrument) on specified assets of the Issuer 
(other than its share capital) which do not form part of the Mortgaged Property and on terms 
which provide for the extinguishment of all claims in respect of such indebtedness or 
obligation to the extent not paid in full after application of the proceeds of the specified assets 
on which such indebtedness or obligation is secured (the “Permitted Obligations”); 
(B) 
enter into any Agency Agreement, Trust Deed, or deed or agreement of any other kind related 
to any Permitted Investment or Permitted Obligation, provided always that any such 
agreement is entered into on terms which provide for extinguishment of all claims in respect 
of such obligations to the extent not paid in full after application of the proceeds of the 
specified assets on which such indebtedness or obligation is secured; 
(C) 
acquire, or enter into any agreement constituting the collateral in respect of any Permitted 
Investment or the assets securing any Permitted Obligations; 
(D) 
perform its obligations under each Permitted Investment or Permitted Obligation and the 
Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed, the EUA Custody Agreement, the Constituting 
Instrument, the Account Bank Agreement, the Programme Administrator Agreement and any 
Authorised Participant Agreement or other deeds or agreements incidental to the issue and 
constitution of, or the granting of security for, any Permitted Investment or Permitted 
Obligations; 
(E) 
enforce any of its rights under the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed, the EUA Custody 
Agreement, the Constituting Instrument, the Account Bank Agreement, the Programme 
Administrator Agreement and the Authorised Participant Agreement or any other deed or 
agreement entered into in relation to any Permitted Investment or Permitted Obligations; 
(F) 
enter into any agreement in order to facilitate compliance with the regulatory obligations of 
the Issuer and/or any other relevant party; or 
(G) 
perform any act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above; 
(ii) 
have any subsidiaries or employees;

--- Page 92 ---
91 
(iii) 
subject to paragraph (i) above, dispose of any of its property or other assets or any part thereof or 
interest therein (subject as provided in the Conditions relating to any Permitted Investment or the 
terms and conditions of any Permitted Obligations); 
(iv) 
declare or pay any dividend or other distribution to its shareholders; 
(v) 
purchase, own, lease or otherwise acquire any real property; 
(vi) 
consolidate or merge with any other person; or 
(vii) 
issue any shares. 
8 
Subscription and Buy-Back 
(a) 
Further Issues 
(i) 
Subject to Condition 6 (Security), the Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of 
the Trustee or any Securityholder), in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Conditions, the 
Agency Agreement and the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, create and issue 
further securities that are either: 
(a) 
a new Series of EUA Linked Securities upon such terms as the Issuer may determine 
at the time of their issue; or 
(b) 
securities having the same terms and conditions as the EUA Linked Securities of a 
Series in all respects and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a 
single series with the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series and the Issuer may 
incur further obligations relating to such EUA Linked Securities. 
The aggregate number of EUA Linked Securities outstanding for a Series shall not at any 
time exceed the maximum number of EUA Linked Securities specified in the relevant 
Registered Global Certificate provided that the Issuer may from time to time increase the 
maximum number of EUA Linked Securities so specified without requiring approval from 
Securityholders, the Trustee or any other Transaction Party. 
(ii) 
Any new securities forming a single series with outstanding EUA Linked Securities of a Series 
and which are expressed to be constituted and secured by the same Trust Deed will, upon 
the issue thereof by the Issuer, be constituted and secured by such Trust Deed without any 
further formality and irrespective of whether or not the issue of such securities contravenes 
any covenant or other restriction in the Trust Deed and shall be secured by the same 
Mortgaged Property (as increased and/or supplemented in connection with such issue of 
such new securities) and references in these Conditions to “EUA Linked Securities”, 
“Mortgaged Property”, “Secured Obligations”, and “Secured Creditors” and any other 
relevant term shall be construed accordingly. 
(iii) 
Only an Authorised Participant in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities 
may request that the Issuer issue a further Tranche of EUA Linked Securities of the relevant 
Series, and shall do so by the Authorised Participant delivering a valid Subscription Order 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. 
(iv) 
If a Subscription Order is accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer, then (unless otherwise 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Authorised Participant): 
(a) 
the Authorised Participant shall pay to the Issuer an amount equal to the Subscription 
Payment Amount as consideration for the subscription for EUA Linked Securities by 
the Authorised Participant;

--- Page 93 ---
92 
(b) 
the Issuer shall cause the relevant number of EUA Linked Securities to be issued and 
delivered to the account with a Relevant Clearing System notified by the Authorised 
Participant to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent;  
(c) 
the Issuer shall pay to the Authorised Participant an amount equal to the Subscription 
Payment Amount as consideration for the acquisition by the Issuer of EUAs pursuant 
to paragraph (d) below; and 
(d) 
the Authorised Participant shall deliver a number of EUAs equal to the Subscription 
Settlement Amount to the EUA Custody Account, 
in each case, by no later than the Subscription Settlement Date. 
(b) 
Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Authorised Participants 
The Issuer may (without the consent of the Trustee or any Securityholder), from time to time, buy-
back all or some of the EUA Linked Securities of any Series. 
An Authorised Participant in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities may request 
that the Issuer buys back EUA Linked Securities of such Series from such Authorised Participant, 
and shall do so by delivering a valid AP Buy-Back Order subject to and in accordance with the terms 
of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.  
Once submitted, an AP Buy-Back Order is irrevocable, unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer (or 
the Calculation Agent on its behalf).  
If an AP Buy-Back Order is accepted by the Calculation Agent (on behalf of the Issuer), in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement, then: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall sell and deliver to, or to the order of, the Authorised Participant, a number of 
Underlying EUAs equal to the Buy-Back Settlement Amount; 
(ii) 
the Authorised Participant shall pay to the Issuer an amount equal to the Buy-Back Payment 
Amount as consideration for the acquisition of Underlying EUAs from the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the Issuer shall pay to the Authorised Participant an amount equal to the Buy-Back Payment 
Amount as consideration for the buy back by the Issuer of the relevant number of EUA Linked 
Securities; 
(iv) 
the Authorised Participant shall deliver to the Issuing and Paying Agent (on behalf of the 
Issuer) the relevant number of EUA Linked Securities; and 
(v) 
upon receipt of the EUA Linked Securities pursuant to paragraph (iv) above, the Issuer shall 
cancel (or shall cause the Issuing and Paying Agent to cancel) such EUA Linked Securities, 
in each case, by no later than the Buy-Back Settlement Date.  
(c) 
Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Non-Authorised Participant Securityholders 
A Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked 
Securities may request that the Issuer buys back EUA Linked Securities of such Series from such 
Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder, and shall do so by delivering a valid Non-AP Buy-Back 
Order to the Issuer and the Calculation Agent.  
Once submitted, a Non-AP Buy-Back Order is irrevocable, unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer 
(or the Calculation Agent on its behalf).

--- Page 94 ---
93 
A Non-AP Buy Back Order will only be valid if the following conditions are satisfied (as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion): 
(i) 
it specifies the name, address and contact details of the relevant Non-Authorised Participant 
Securityholder;  
(ii) 
it specifies the number and Series of the EUA Linked Securities to be bought back (provided 
that only one Series may be specified); 
(iii) 
it specifies a Holding Account into which EUAs can be transferred by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer and such account has Trusted Status;  
(iv) 
it has been duly signed by the Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder; 
(v) 
the Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder has provided evidence satisfactory to the 
Calculation Agent that is it is the sole legal and beneficial holder of the EUA Linked Securities 
to be bought back;  
(vi) 
the Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder has provided evidence satisfactory to the 
Calculation Agent that the EUA Linked Securities relating to the Non-AP Buy-Back Order 
have been blocked in the relevant account with the relevant Clearing System;  
(vii) 
the Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder has completed (to the satisfaction of the Issuer 
and/or the Calculation Agent (as applicable)) all compliance, identification, onboarding, anti-
money laundering, know-your-customer or similar checks and requirements required by the 
Issuer and/or the Calculation Agent; 
(viii) 
the Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder has paid the Buy-Back Costs; 
(ix) 
no Early Redemption Commencement Date has occurred on or prior to the date on which 
the Non-AP Buy-Back Order is received by the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf); 
(x) 
no Valuation Disruption Event Suspension Notice has been given by the Programme 
Administrator in respect of the date on which the Non-AP Buy-Back Order is received by the 
Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf); and 
(xi) 
the Issuer would not be prohibited due to legal or regulatory reasons from making a delivery 
of Underlying EUAs to the Holding Account designated by the Non-Authorised Participant 
Securityholder, and the Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder is not prohibited by 
applicable law or regulation from owning or taking delivery of the Underlying EUAs.  
If a Non-AP Buy-Back Order is accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer, then: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall sell and deliver to, or to the order of, the Non-Authorised Participant 
Securityholder, a number of Underlying EUAs equal to the Buy-Back Settlement Amount;  
(ii) 
the Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder shall pay to the Issuer an amount equal to the 
Buy-Back Payment Amount as consideration for the acquisition of Underlying EUAs from the 
Issuer;  
(iii) 
the Issuer shall pay to the Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder an amount equal to the 
Buy-Back Payment Amount as consideration for the buy back by the Issuer of the relevant 
number of EUA Linked Securities;  
(iv) 
the Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder shall deliver to the Issuing and Paying Agent 
(on behalf of the Issuer) the relevant number of EUA Linked Securities; and  
(v) 
upon receipt of the EUA Linked Securities pursuant to paragraph (iv) above, the Issuer shall 
cancel (or shall cause the Issuing and Paying Agent to cancel) such EUA Linked Securities,

--- Page 95 ---
94 
in each case, in the manner, and on the date(s), notified by the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on 
its behalf) to the relevant Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder.  
If, in respect of a Non-AP Buy-Back Order accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer: (A) an Early 
Redemption Commencement Date occurs; (B) an EUA Disruption Event occurs; (C) the Programme 
Administrator delivers a Valuation Disruption Event Suspension Notice, in each case, on or after the 
relevant Buy-Back Trade Date, then the Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) shall notify 
the relevant Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder that such Non-AP Buy-Back Order shall be 
deemed to be cancelled. 
(d) 
Cancellation of EUA Linked Securities following Buy-Back 
All EUA Linked Securities purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be cancelled. Any EUA 
Linked Securities so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of any such EUA Linked Securities shall be discharged. In accordance with the Trust Deed, 
the Trustee will and will be deemed to release without the need for any notice or other formalities 
from such Security the relevant portion of the Mortgaged Property relating to the EUA Linked 
Securities so purchased and cancelled, including such releases as are necessary to make any 
related deliveries and payments under an Authorised Participant Agreement or to a Non-Authorised 
Participant Securityholder in accordance with Condition 8(c) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities 
from Non-Authorised Participant Securityholders) above. 
9 
Redemption  
(a) 
Final Redemption  
Unless previously redeemed in whole or purchased and cancelled by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 8(b) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Authorised Participants), Condition 8(c) 
(Buy-Back of EUA Linked Securities from Non-Authorised Participant Securityholders) and 
Condition 8(d) (Cancellation of EUA Linked Securities following Buy-Back), each EUA Linked 
Security shall become due and payable at its Final Redemption Amount on the Scheduled Maturity 
Date. 
(b) 
Early Redemption Events 
Each of the events specified in paragraphs (i) to (xv)(xvii) below shall be an early redemption event 
(each, an “Early Redemption Event”) (and for the avoidance of doubt, (i) neither the Issuer nor any 
Transaction Party shall need any consent of the Trustee or other person to deliver any of the notices 
contemplated as being potentially delivered by it below and (ii) each of the notices contemplated 
below shall be irrevocable once delivered).  
If an Early Redemption Event occurs with respect to a Series of EUA Linked Securities, all EUA 
Linked Securities of the relevant Series outstanding as at the relevant Early Redemption Date shall 
become due and payable at the relevant Early Redemption Amount (other than in the case of a 
Sale/Transfer Breach Redemption Event or a Consolidation Redemption Event, in which case only 
the Affected Securities shall become due and payable at the relevant Early Redemption Amount).  
 
Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event: if, on or after the Series Issue Date, the 
Programme Administrator determines that it has (or the Programme Administrator 
reasonably expects that it will) become illegal for the Issuer, the EUA Custodian or the EUA 
Disposal Agent to (x) hold, acquire or dispose of all or some only of the Underlying EUAs, 
and/or (y) perform its obligations under the EUA Linked Securities or that the Issuer, the EUA 
Custodian or the EUA Disposal Agent would (or would expect to) incur a materially increased 
cost in performing its obligations under the EUA Linked Securities (including, without 
limitation, any increase in any applicable Taxes, any decrease in any applicable tax benefit

--- Page 96 ---
95 
and/or any other costs or Tax liability of the Issuer relating to any change in any applicable 
tax law or regulation) due to: 
(A) 
the adoption of or any change in any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, ruling or 
procedure (including, without limitation, any tax law and any regulation, rule, order, 
ruling or procedure of any applicable regulatory authority, applicable market 
association, tax authority and/or any exchange); or  
(B) 
the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority),  
the Programme Administrator may (but is not obliged to) give notice to the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties and the Securityholders that all the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant 
Series are to be redeemed (such notice a “Change in Law or Regulation Redemption 
Event Notice”), and if it does give a Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event Notice, 
a “Change in Law or Regulation Redemption Event” Early Redemption Event will occur 
on the Business Day following the date of such notice. 
 
Service Provider Redemption Event: if any Agent and/or all of the Authorised Participants 
resigns or their appointment is terminated (including, for the avoidance of doubt, 
automatically terminated in accordance with the relevant Transaction Document) for any 
reason (other than in the case of an EUA Custodian Bankruptcy/Breach Event) and no 
successor or replacement has been appointed within 60 calendar days of the date the 
resignation or termination become effective, the Programme Administrator (or, if the 
Programme Administrator has resigned or had its appointment terminated, the Calculation 
Agent) may (but shall not be obliged to) give notice to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and 
the Securityholders that all the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series are to be 
redeemed (such notice a “Service Provider Redemption Event Notice”), and if it does give 
a Service Provider Redemption Event Notice, a “Service Provider Redemption Event” 
Early Redemption Event will occur on the Business Day following the date of such notice. 
 
Tax Redemption Event: if the Issuer will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, on 
the next date on which there is a sale of EUAs in relation to the Total Expense Ratio or on 
which a delivery of Underlying EUAs is due in respect of a subscription for EUA Linked 
Securities by an Authorised Participant or a buy-back by the Issuer of EUA Linked Securities 
from an Authorised Participant or a Non-Authorised Participant Securityholder (as 
applicable), be required to: 
(A) 
make a payment in respect of VAT (where such VAT is irrecoverable for the Issuer); 
or 
(B) 
account for any other Taxes (excluding VAT) on such delivery of EUAs from an 
Authorised Participant or to an Authorised Participant or a Non-Authorised Participant 
Securityholder (as applicable) (whether or not such Taxes (excluding VAT) are 
recoverable); 
the Programme Administrator may (but is not obliged to) give notice to the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties and the Securityholders that all the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant 
Series are to be redeemed (such notice a “Tax Redemption Event Notice”), and if it does 
give a Tax Redemption Event Notice, a “Tax Redemption Event” Early Redemption Event 
will occur on the Business Day following the date of the Tax Redemption Event Notice.  
 
Termination Event Redemption Event: if the Programme Administrator becomes entitled 
to serve a Tax Redemption Event Notice, and the Trustee is notified in writing of such

--- Page 97 ---
96 
entitlement and directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the EUA Linked 
Securities then outstanding to give a notice under this Condition 9(b)(iv) (Termination Event 
Redemption Event), the Trustee shall, provided that the Trustee has been pre-funded and/or 
secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction, give such notice to the Issuer, the Transaction 
Parties and the Securityholders that all the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series are 
to be redeemed and a “Termination Event Redemption Event” Early Redemption Event 
will occur on the Business Day following the date of such notice. 
 
Euro Dissolution Redemption Event: if the Programme Administrator determines that an 
event has occurred by which the Specified Currency ceases to exist as a lawful currency, the 
Programme Administrator may (but is not obliged to) give notice to the Issuer, the Transaction 
Parties and the Securityholders that all the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series are 
to be redeemed (such notice a “Euro Dissolution Redemption Event Notice”), and if it 
does give a Euro Dissolution Redemption Event Notice, a “Euro Dissolution Redemption 
Event” Early Redemption Event will occur on the Business Day following the date of such 
notice. 
 
Theft Redemption Event: if the Programme Administrator becomes aware that Underlying 
EUAs representing one per cent. or more of the total number of Underlying EUAs have been 
stolen from the EUA Custody Account, the Programme Administrator may: 
(A) 
(at its sole and absolute discretion and is under no obligation to) attempt to recover 
some or all of such stolen EUAs (and such recovery may be attempted for any period 
of time up to, and including, the 30th Business Day following it becoming aware of the 
theft); and/or  
(B) 
on or prior to the 30th Business Day following its becoming aware of the theft, give 
notice to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders that all the EUA 
Linked Securities of the relevant Series are to be redeemed (such notice a “Theft 
Redemption Event Notice”), and if it does give a Theft Redemption Event Notice, a 
“Theft Redemption Event” Early Redemption Event will occur on the Business Day 
following the date of such notice.  
Unless the EUA Custodian confirms that there are no longer any Underlying EUAs to sell 
following such theft, any realisation of the Underlying EUAs by the EUA Disposal Agent in 
accordance with Condition 9(c) (Liquidation of Underlying EUAs following an Early 
Redemption Commencement Date or Final Redemption Commencement Date) shall be a 
realisation of the remaining Underlying EUAs.  
 
EUA Custodian Redemption Event: if the Programme Administrator determines that an 
EUA Custodian Bankruptcy/Breach Event has occurred and no successor or replacement 
has been appointed within 60 calendar days of the date of such EUA Custodian 
Bankruptcy/Breach Event, the Programme Administrator shall give notice to the Issuer, the 
Transaction Parties and the Securityholders that all the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant 
Series are to be redeemed (such notice an “EUA Custodian Redemption Event Notice”), 
and if it does give an EUA Custodian Redemption Event Notice, an “EUA Custodian 
Redemption Event” Early Redemption Event will occur on the Business Day following the 
date of such notice. 
 
EUA Regulatory Redemption Event: if the Programme Administrator determines (in its sole 
discretion and without regard to any related determination by any of the other parties or any 
action taken, omitted to be taken or suffered to be taken by any other person, including, 
without limitation, any creditor of the other parties) that there is a proposal to change, or that 
there has been an adoption of any change in, any applicable policies (including the EU 
emissions policy) or law or the electronic accounting systems impacting the Underlying EUAs

--- Page 98 ---
97 
or the Union Registry after the Series Issue Date as a result of which it becomes, or will 
become, unlawful for the Issuer, the EUA Disposal Agent or the EUA Custodian to: 
(A) 
perform any absolute or contingent obligation to make a delivery in respect of the 
Underlying EUAs or any agreement entered into in connection with the Underlying 
EUAs;  
(B) 
receive or hold (or, in the case of the EUA Custodian, hold, manage and/or operate 
the EUA Custody Account on behalf of the Issuer, in respect of) the Underlying EUAs 
or to receive a delivery of EUAs; or  
(C) 
comply with any other material provision of any agreement entered into in connection 
with the Underlying EUAs,  
the Programme Administrator shall give notice to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the 
Securityholders that all the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series are to be redeemed 
(such notice an “EUA Regulatory Redemption Event Notice”), and if it does give an EUA 
Regulatory Redemption Event Notice, an “EUA Regulatory Redemption Event” Early 
Redemption Event will occur on the Business Day following the date of such notice. 
 
Compliance Phase Ineligibility Redemption Event: if the Programme Administrator 
determines that, following an announcement, change in law or regulation or confirmation by 
the European Council or Commission, the Underlying EUAs in respect of a Series of EUA 
Linked Securities that were issued in a previous Compliance Phase will cease to be eligible 
for compliance with obligations under the current Compliance Phase or will not be eligible for 
compliance with obligations under a future Compliance Phase, the Programme Administrator 
may (but is not obliged to) give notice to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the 
Securityholders that all the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series are to be redeemed 
(such notice a “Compliance Phase Ineligibility Redemption Event Notice”), and if it does 
give a Compliance Phase Ineligibility Redemption Event Notice, a “Compliance Phase 
Ineligibility Redemption Event” Early Redemption Event will occur on the Business Day 
following the date of such notice.  
 
Abandonment of Scheme Redemption Event: if the Scheme is, as a result of official written 
public pronouncement by the EU, no longer scheduled to proceed or is to be discontinued, 
the Programme Administrator shall give notice to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the 
Securityholders that all the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series are to be redeemed 
(such notice an “Abandonment of Scheme Redemption Event Notice”) and if it does give 
an Abandonment of Scheme Redemption Event Notice, an “Abandonment of Scheme 
Redemption Event” Early Redemption Event will occur on the Business Day following the 
date of such notice. 
 
EUA Custody Accounts Closure Redemption Event: if the EUA Custody Account is 
closed (or required to be closed) or the Registry Agreement is terminated and a replacement 
or successor account or agreement (as applicable) has not yet been opened or entered into, 
the Programme Administrator shall give notice to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the 
Securityholders that all the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series are to be redeemed 
(such notice an “EUA Custody Accounts Closure Redemption Event Notice”) and an 
“EUA Custody Accounts Closure Redemption Event” Early Redemption Event will occur 
on the Business Day following the date of the EUA Custody Accounts Closure Redemption 
Event Notice. 
 
Issuer Call Redemption Event: the Issuer may, on giving notice to the Transaction Parties 
and the Securityholders (such notice an “Issuer Call Notice”) elect to redeem all the EUA 
Linked Securities of a Series and designate an Early Redemption Commencement Date in

--- Page 99 ---
98 
the Issuer Call Notice for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Early 
Redemption Commencement Date shall not be earlier than the fifth Business Day following 
the date of the Issuer Call Notice. An Issuer Call Notice may not be withdrawn, and the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the EUA Linked Securities in accordance with the Issuer Call 
Notice. An “Issuer Call Redemption Event” Early Redemption Event will occur on the Early 
Redemption Commencement Date designated in the Issuer Call Notice. 
 
Materially Increased Costs Redemption Event: if the Programme Administrator 
determines (in its sole discretion) that the costs to the Programme Administrator, the 
Calculation Agent, the EUA Custodian or the EUA Disposal Agent relating to the Programme 
or the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities have materially increased (as compared to 
the Series Issue Date), the Programme Administrator may (but is not obliged to) give notice 
to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders that all the EUA Linked 
Securities of the relevant Series are to be redeemed (such notice a “Materially Increased 
Costs Redemption Event Notice”), and if it does give a Materially Increased Costs 
Redemption Event Notice, a “Materially Increased Costs Redemption Event” Early 
Redemption Event will occur on the Business Day following the date of such notice. 
 
Reference Rate Redemption Event: if a Reference Rate Event occurs and the Calculation 
Agent is unable to identify a Replacement Reference Rate pursuant to Condition 11(b) 
(Replacement Reference Rate) within 15 Business Days of the occurrence of such Reference 
Rate Event, the Programme Administrator may (but is not obliged to) give notice to the Issuer, 
the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders that all the EUA Linked Securities of the 
relevant Series are to be redeemed (such notice a “Reference Rate Redemption Event 
Notice”), and if it does give a Reference Rate Redemption Event Notice, a “Reference Rate 
Redemption Event” Early Redemption Event will occur on the Business Day following the 
date of such notice.  
 
Sale/Transfer Breach Redemption Event: if the Issuer or the Programme Administrator 
becomes aware that any EUA Linked Securities have been sold or otherwise transferred to 
any person in breach of (i) any of the selling restrictions set out in the section of this Base 
Prospectus titled “Subscription and Sale” or (ii) in the case of an Authorised Offeror that is 
not an Authorised Participant, the Authorised Offeror Terms (such EUA Linked Securities, 
the “Affected Securities”), the Issuer or the Programme Administrator, as applicable, may 
(but are not obliged to) give notice to the Transaction Parties and the Securityholder(s) 
holding Affected Securities that the Affected Securities are to be redeemed (such notice a 
“Sale/Transfer Breach Redemption Event Notice”), and if a Sale/Transfer Breach 
Redemption Event Notice is given, a “Sale/Transfer Breach Redemption Event” Early 
Redemption Event will occur on the Business Day following the date of such notice. However, 
if the Securityholder holding Affected Securities furnishes the Issuer with evidence that there 
has been no such breach to the satisfaction of the Issuer (or the Programme Administrator 
on its behalf) prior to the relevant Underlying EUAs being liquidated, the Issuer will not 
redeem such EUA Linked Securities and such EUA Linked Securities shall not be treated as 
Affected Securities. 
 
Consolidation Redemption Event: if the Issuer or the Programme Administrator becomes 
aware that the Issuer is, or would be if international accounting standards (“IAS”) applied, 
part of the same consolidated group for financial accounting purposes as a Securityholder, 
consisting of (1) a parent entity that prepares consolidated financial statements under Irish 
generally accepted accounting practice, IAS or an acceptable financial accounting standard 
and (2) all other entities which are related through ownership or control for the purpose of the 
preparation of the same consolidated financial statements, including any entity that is 
excluded from the same consolidated financial statements solely based on its small size, on

--- Page 100 ---
99 
materiality grounds, or on the grounds that it is held for sale, where for these purposes 
“consolidated financial statements” means the financial statements prepared by an entity in 
accordance with an acceptable financial accounting standard, in which the assets, liabilities, 
income, expenses and cash flows of that entity, and of any entities in which it has a controlling 
interest are presented as those of a single economic unit and “an acceptable financial 
accounting standard” means International Financial Reporting Standards and the generally 
accepted accounting principles of Australia, Brazil, Canada, a member state of the European 
Union, an EEA state, Hong Kong (China), Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, the People’s 
Republic of China, the Republic of India, the Republic of Korea, Russia, Singapore, 
Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States of America, in respect of any EUA 
Linked Securities (such EUA Linked Securities, the “Affected Securities”), the Issuer or the 
Programme Administrator, as applicable, may (but are not obliged to) give notice to the 
Transaction Parties and the Securityholder(s) holding Affected Securities that the Affected 
Securities are to be redeemed (such notice a “Consolidation Redemption Event Notice”) 
and, if a Consolidation Redemption Event Notice is given, a “Consolidation Redemption 
Event” Early Redemption Event will occur on the Business Day following the date of such 
notice.  
 Threshold Level Redemption Event: If the Value per EUA Linked Security is less than or 
equal to 20 per cent. of the Issue Price per EUA Linked Security on the Series Issue Date for 
three consecutive Valuation Days, the Programme Administrator shall give notice to the 
Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders that all the EUA Linked Securities of 
the relevant Series are to be redeemed and a “Threshold Level Redemption Event” Early 
Redemption Event will occur on the Business Day following the date of such notice. 
(c) 
Liquidation of Underlying EUAs following an Early Redemption Commencement Date 
or Final Redemption Commencement Date 
(i) 
Following an Early Redemption Commencement Date or the Final Redemption 
Commencement Date, the EUA Disposal Agent (acting as agent of the Issuer) shall, from the 
first day of the Redemption Disposal Period, realise the Underlying EUAs in a timely fashion 
during the Redemption Disposal Period in accordance with the terms of the relevant Agency 
Agreement and applicable laws.  
(ii) 
The Issuer has authorised and directed the EUA Custodian to deliver, on the Issuer’s behalf, 
the Underlying EUAs from the EUA Custody Account to, or to the order of, the EUA Disposal 
Agent at any time during the Redemption Disposal Period, to the extent necessary to effect 
the realisation of the Underlying EUAs.  
(iii) 
In realising the Underlying EUAs, the EUA Disposal Agent may take such steps as it, acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner, considers appropriate in order to effect an orderly 
realisation in a timely fashion (so far as is practicable in the circumstances and taking into 
account the number of Underlying EUAs to be realised) during the Redemption Disposal 
Period, and may effect such realisation at any time or from time to time during the 
Redemption Disposal Period and may do so in one transaction or in multiple transactions. 
The EUA Disposal Agent will not be liable to the Issuer or to the Trustee, the Securityholders 
or any other person merely because a higher price could have been obtained had all or part 
of the realisation been delayed or taken place at a different time or had the realisation not 
been effected in stages.  
(iv) 
The EUA Disposal Agent shall be permitted to deduct any fees, costs or expenses reasonably 
incurred in the realisation of the Underlying EUAs and any Taxes arising from or connected 
with any such realisation from the actual proceeds of the realisation and shall not be liable to

--- Page 101 ---
100 
account for anything except the actual proceeds of any such realisation received by it after 
such deductions.  
(v) 
Subject as provided above, in carrying out any realisation, the EUA Disposal Agent will act 
in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner and will apply its Global Best Execution 
and Order Handling Policy.  
(vi) 
To the extent any Taxes arise, this might reduce the Early Redemption Amount or Final 
Redemption Amount, as applicable. 
(vii) 
The EUA Disposal Agent shall arrange for payment of the Net Sale Proceeds to the relevant 
Cash Account no later than on or around the day falling two Business Days prior to the Early 
Redemption Date or the Scheduled Maturity Date, as applicable. 
(d) 
Publication of Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount 
The Issuer or the Calculation Agent (or an agent on its behalf) will, on or prior to the Early 
Redemption Date or the Scheduled Maturity Date, publish the determination of the Early 
Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount (as applicable) (which shall include 
publication of the price, number and date of each sale of Underlying EUAs during the Redemption 
Disposal Period and the determination of the Average EUA Sale Price) made available at 
www.ubs.com/ETF (or such other website notified by the Issuer for such Series of EUA Linked 
Securities from time to time).  
(e) 
Extension of Redemption Disposal Period following EUA Disruption Event  
If, on any day during the Redemption Disposal Period, the Programme Administrator (after 
consultation with the EUA Disposal Agent and the Calculation Agent) determines that an EUA 
Disruption Event is subsisting such that the relevant Underlying EUAs cannot be liquidated (or it is 
not practicable to liquidate such Underlying EUAs), then the Programme Administrator may (but is 
not obliged to) give notice to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders of such, in 
which case: 
(i) 
the end of the Redemption Disposal Period shall be postponed for a period of up to 90 
Business Days and, if applicable, the Scheduled Maturity Date shall be postponed until the 
third Business Day following the final day of the Final Redemption Disposal Period. If, during 
such period, the EUA Disruption Event ceases to subsist, the EUA Disposal Agent shall 
liquidate the relevant Underlying EUAs in accordance with the Conditions and the Agency 
Agreement; and 
(ii) 
if the EUA Disruption Event continues to subsist at the end of the Redemption Disposal 
Period (as postponed in accordance with paragraph (i) above), the Programme Administrator 
will determine, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner: 
(A) 
the manner in which the Early Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount 
(as applicable) shall be satisfied (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, result in an 
Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount (as applicable) of zero being 
determined); and 
(B) 
any further action that is required in respect of any Underlying EUAs that have not 
been liquidated. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Securityholder shall be entitled to any additional payment whether 
on account of interest or otherwise on the EUA Linked Securities in connection with any 
postponement of the payment of the Early Redemption Amount or the Final Redemption Amount 
(as applicable).

--- Page 102 ---
101 
10 Valuation Disruption Events and Suspension/Postponement  
(a) 
Valuation Disruption Events 
The Programme Administrator (after consultation with the Calculation Agent) may (but is not obliged 
to), with respect to a Series of EUA Linked Securities and any Scheduled Valuation Day, determine 
that one or more of the following valuation disruption events (each, a “Valuation Disruption Event”) 
has occurred or exists: 
(i) 
EUA Reference Price Source Disruption: the EUA Reference Price is not determined and 
published by the EUA Reference Price Source within the time period that such rate is 
customarily determined and displayed (unless the Calculation Agent agrees to use such rate 
notwithstanding that it was determined and/or published later than is customary); 
(ii) 
Force Majeure Disruption Event: it is impossible for the Calculation Agent to perform its 
obligations under the Agency Agreement that are required to be performed for the EUA 
Entitlement per EUA Linked Security and the Value per EUA Linked Security to be 
determined in respect of such Scheduled Valuation Day as a result of an event or 
circumstance beyond the control of the Calculation Agent, including (but not limited to) a 
technical or operational issue; or 
(iii) 
Other Valuation Disruption Event: any other event which disrupts or impairs the ability of 
the Calculation Agent to determine the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security or the Value 
per EUA Linked Security (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion). 
(b) 
Suspension of Subscriptions/Buy-Backs 
If the Programme Administrator (after consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that a 
Valuation Disruption Event has occurred or exists with respect to any Scheduled Valuation Day, the 
Programme Administrator may (but shall not be obliged to) give notice of the suspension of the 
issuance and/or buy-back of EUA Linked Securities (depending on the activity affected by the 
Valuation Disruption Event) to the Issuer (copied to each Transaction Party and each Authorised 
Participant) specifying the Valuation Disruption Event which has occurred or is existing (such notice 
a “Valuation Disruption Event Suspension Notice”). The Valuation Disruption Event Suspension 
Notice may state that the suspension is for a single day or will continue for as long as the Valuation 
Disruption Event continues (in which case, the suspension period will end when the Programme 
Administrator notifies the Transaction Parties that the Issuer shall recommence the issue and buy-
back of EUA Linked Securities). 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Programme Administrator is under any obligation to monitor 
whether or not a Valuation Disruption Event has occurred or is continuing with respect to any 
Scheduled Valuation Day and shall have no liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder or any other 
person for any determination that it does or does not make. 
(c) 
Postponement of Early Redemption Commencement Date and Early Redemption Date 
or Final Redemption Commencement Date and Scheduled Maturity Date  
(i) 
If a Valuation Disruption Event has occurred or exists with respect to any Early Redemption 
Commencement Date or Final Redemption Commencement Date (as applicable) and the 
Programme Administrator (after consultation with the Calculation Agent) determines that the 
relevant Valuation Disruption Event would disrupt the actions required to be performed by 
the Issuer or a relevant Transaction Party in connection with the redemption of the EUA 
Linked Securities, then the Early Redemption Commencement Date or Final Redemption 
Commencement Date (as applicable) shall be postponed until the first following Scheduled 
Valuation Day that is not a Disrupted Day and, if applicable, the Scheduled Maturity Date 
shall be postponed until the third Business Day following the final day of the Final Redemption

--- Page 103 ---
102 
Disposal Period, provided that if no such Scheduled Valuation Day has occurred on or before 
the 90th Scheduled Valuation Day following the scheduled Early Redemption 
Commencement Date or Final Redemption Commencement Date (as appliable), then that 
90th Scheduled Valuation Day shall be deemed to be the Early Redemption Commencement 
Date or Final Redemption Commencement Date (as applicable) and the Programme 
Administrator will determine, acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner: 
(A) 
the manner in which the Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount (as 
applicable) shall be satisfied (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, result in an Early 
Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount (as applicable) of zero being 
determined); and 
(B) 
any further action that is required in respect of any Underlying EUAs that have not 
been liquidated.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no Securityholder shall be entitled to any additional payment 
whether on account of interest or otherwise on the EUA Linked Securities in connection with 
any postponement of the payment of the Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption 
Amount (as applicable). 
(ii) 
If any day in the Redemption Disposal Period is a Disrupted Day, then the Programme 
Administrator may, by notice to the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders, 
postpone the Early Redemption Date or Scheduled Maturity Date (as applicable) until the 
Programme Administrator determines that either the relevant Valuation Disruption Event has 
ceased or there is no reasonable likelihood of the relevant Valuation Disruption Event ceasing 
(which determination the Programme Administrator shall notify to the Issuer, the Transaction 
Parties and the Securityholders). In such case, the Redemption Disposal Period shall be 
deemed extended by the same number of days as the Early Redemption Date or Scheduled 
Maturity Date (as applicable) has been postponed by. If a Valuation Disruption Event is still 
continuing on the postponed Early Redemption Date or Scheduled Maturity Date (as 
applicable), the Programme Administrator will determine, acting in good faith and a 
commercially reasonable manner: 
(A) 
the manner in which the Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount (as 
applicable) shall be satisfied (which may, for the avoidance of doubt, result in an Early 
Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount (as applicable) of zero being 
determined); and 
(B) 
any further action that is required in respect of any Underlying EUAs that have not 
been liquidated.  
For the avoidance of doubt, no Securityholder shall be entitled to any additional payment 
whether on account of interest or otherwise on the EUA Linked Securities in connection with 
any postponement of the payment of the Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption 
Amount (as applicable). 
11 Successor Price Source, Replacement Price Source and related Amendments  
(a) 
Successor Reference Rate and Successor Price Source  
If on any day the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a Reference Rate has been replaced by a successor reference rate acceptable to the 
Calculation Agent (in circumstances other than where there has been a Reference Rate 
Event); or

--- Page 104 ---
103 
(ii) 
a Price Source relating to a Reference Rate no longer displays such Reference Rate and 
such Reference Rate is instead displayed on a replacement or successor price source, 
then, in either case, the Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer and the Securityholders of such 
determination (copied to each Transaction Party and each Authorised Participant) (such notice a 
“Successor Notice”), and such successor reference rate (the “Successor Reference Rate”) or 
successor price source (as the case may be) shall, with effect from the date specified in the 
Successor Notice, be deemed to be such Reference Rate or the relevant Price Source relating to 
such Reference Rate (as the case may be) for the purposes of the EUA Linked Securities, provided 
that such succession shall not affect any calculations or determinations already made prior to the 
effective date of such succession. 
(b) 
Replacement Reference Rate 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a 
Reference Rate, then: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to identify a Replacement Reference Rate as soon as 
reasonably practicable and, where applicable, shall attempt to identify a replacement Price 
Source for such Replacement Reference Rate; 
(ii) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine whether any adjustments need to be made to the 
Replacement Reference Rate in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, any increase or reduction value that will be received by the Securityholders as a 
result of replacement of the Reference Rate with the Replacement Reference Rate (an 
“Adjustment Spread”); 
(iii) 
if the Calculation Agent identifies a Replacement Reference Rate pursuant to paragraph (i) 
above and determines an Adjustment Spread pursuant to paragraph (ii) above: 
(A) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine the day from which the Replacement Reference 
Rate shall replace the Reference Rate and such Replacement Reference Rate 
(subject to any Adjustment Spread) shall replace the Reference Rate from such date 
and the Price Source for such Replacement Reference Rate shall be that determined 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent shall deliver a notice to the Issuer and the Securityholders 
(copied to each Transaction Party and each Authorised Participant) (i) of its 
determination that a Reference Rate Event has occurred in respect of a Reference 
Rate and (ii) which specifies any Replacement Reference Rate, any Adjustment 
Spread and any related amendments.  
Neither the Issuer nor any Transaction Party shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy itself 
as to whether any Reference Rate Event has occurred.  
Notwithstanding the above, the Calculation Agent may determine that in its opinion no such 
replacement of the Reference Rate is needed on the basis that such replacement would not have a 
material benefit to the ongoing operation of the EUA Linked Securities of such Series. 
(c) 
Amendments 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Securityholders, the Trustee or any other person, make 
such amendments, adjustments, replacements or restatements to the Conditions, to any Final 
Terms and to any Transaction Document as it determines necessary or desirable to (i) reflect or 
detail the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Reference Rate or the 
Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread), as applicable, (ii) account 
for the effect of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Reference Rate or the

--- Page 105 ---
104 
Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread), as applicable, and/or (iii) to 
preserve as nearly as practicable the economic equivalence of the EUA Linked Securities before 
and after the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Reference Rate or the 
Replacement Reference Rate (as adjusted by the Adjustment Spread), as applicable, provided that 
any such amendment, adjustment, replacement or restatement which has the effect of exposing the 
Programme Administrator, the EUA Custodian or the EUA Disposal Agent to any liability, imposing 
more onerous obligations upon the Programme Administrator, the EUA Custodian, the EUA 
Disposal Agent, exposing the Programme Administrator, the EUA Custodian or the EUA Disposal 
Agent to any additional duties or responsibilities or reducing or amending the protective provisions 
afforded to the Programme Administrator, the EUA Custodian or the EUA Disposal Agent in these 
Conditions or any Transaction Document shall not take effect unless and until the Programme 
Administrator, the EUA Custodian or the EUA Disposal Agent (as the case may be) have provided 
their prior written consent. The Programme Administrator shall notify Securityholders and the 
Transaction Parties of any such amendments in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices).  
12 Payments and Deliveries, Calculations, Agents and Records 
(a) 
Taxes 
 
Payment Net of Taxes 
All payments in respect of the EUA Linked Securities shall be made net of and after allowance 
for any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Tax applies to payments in respect of the 
EUA Linked Securities, the Securityholders will be subject to such Tax or reduction or 
deduction and shall not be entitled to receive amounts or assets to compensate for any such 
Tax or reduction or deduction. No Event of Default shall occur as a result of any such 
withholding or reduction or deduction.  
 
VAT on deliveries  
For the avoidance of doubt, any foreign VAT payable in respect of the transfer of EUAs (i) by 
an Authorised Participant to the Issuer by way of sale at the time of the subscription for EUA 
Linked Securities or (ii) by the Issuer by way of sale to an Authorised Participant or a Non-
Authorised Participant Securityholder (as applicable) at the time of the buy-back of EUA 
Linked Securities shall be borne, in each case, by such Authorised Participant or Non-
Authorised Participant Securityholder (as applicable) in accordance with the relevant 
Authorised Participant Agreement. 
(b) 
Payments and Deliveries 
(i) 
For as long as the EUA Linked Securities are represented by a Registered Global Certificate 
deposited with a Relevant Clearing System and held by a common depository or nominee, 
as applicable, on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System(s), the obligations of the Issuer 
under the Conditions to make payments in respect of the EUA Linked Securities will be 
discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of the Registered Global Certificate, 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of such Registered Global Certificate and 
provided that any presentation of the Registered Global Certificate for such purpose is made 
outside the United States of America. Each of the persons shown in the records of a Relevant 
Clearing System as owning EUA Linked Securities (as determined at the close of business 
on the Clearing System Business Day prior to the due date for payment or such other date 
notified by the Issuer to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices)) 
represented by such Registered Global Certificate must look solely to the Relevant Clearing 
System for his share of any payment made by the Issuer to or to the order of the holder of

--- Page 106 ---
105 
the Registered Global Certificate. Where “Clearing System Business Day” means each day 
on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the Relevant Clearing System are 
open for business. 
Payments made to any person shown in the records of a Relevant Clearing System as 
owning any EUA Linked Security represented by the Registered Global Certificate shall be 
subject to and made in accordance with the rules of that Relevant Clearing System.  
If any payments are made in respect of EUA Linked Securities represented by a Registered 
Global Certificate, a record of each such payment shall be endorsed by or on behalf of the 
Issuing and Paying Agent on a schedule thereto (such endorsement being prima facie 
evidence that the payment in question has been made).  
(ii) 
In the case of EUA Linked Securities represented by Definitive Registered Securities 
Certificates, payment shall be made upon surrender of the relevant Definitive Registered 
Securities Certificates at the specified office of the relevant Issuing and Paying Agent or 
Registrar by cheque payable in the relevant currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, 
by transfer to, an account denominated in such currency with a bank in the principal financial 
centre for such currency nominated by such holder, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Payments and Deliveries Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments (and deliveries of EUAs on buy-back) in respect of the EUA Linked Securities will be 
subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in the place 
of payment or delivery (as applicable) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.  
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Securityholders in respect of such payments 
or deliveries (as applicable) and no payments or deliveries will be made at any office of the Issuing 
and Paying Agent in the United States of America. 
(d) 
Calculations and Determinations 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or 
otherwise) to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person 
for any Loss incurred by any such person that arises out of or in connection with the 
performance by the Calculation Agent of its obligations under the Relevant Provisions, save 
to the extent that such Loss arises by reason of acts or omissions constituting bad faith, 
fraud, gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the Calculation Agent. 
(ii) 
The Programme Administrator shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, 
in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any 
other person for any Loss incurred by any such person that (x) arises out of or in connection 
with the performance by the Programme Administrator of its obligations under the Relevant 
Provisions, save to the extent that such Loss arises by reason of acts or omissions 
constituting bad faith, fraud or gross negligence of the Programme Administrator (any such 
act or omission, a “Programme Administrator Breach”); or (y) is caused by events beyond 
the reasonable control of the Programme Administrator, including any malfunction, 
interruption or error in the transmission of information caused by any machine or systems or 
interception of communication facilities, abnormal operating conditions or events of force 
majeure.

--- Page 107 ---
106 
(iii) 
If the Programme Administrator would, but for the operation of this Condition 12(d)(iii) 
(Calculations and Determinations), be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a 
Programme Administrator Breach, the Programme Administrator shall nevertheless incur no 
liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder, any other Transaction Party or any other person if 
such Programme Administrator Breach results: 
(A) 
from the Programme Administrator complying with any specific instruction or express 
direction from any director of the Issuer (whether received in electronic form or 
otherwise); 
(B) 
solely and directly from either the failure by any other Transaction Party to provide any 
notice, instruction or direction which such Transaction Party is required or permitted 
to give under the Conditions or any relevant Transaction Document or a delay in the 
delivery by any other Transaction Party of any notice, instruction or direction which 
such Transaction Party is required or permitted to give to the Calculation Agent and/or 
the Programme Administrator under the Conditions or any relevant Transaction 
Document; or 
(C) 
solely and directly from the reliance by the Programme Administrator upon a rate, 
amount, quotation, value, other calculation or determination or other information which 
is made or provided by another Transaction Party in accordance with the Conditions 
and the terms of any relevant Transaction Document and notified to the Programme 
Administrator pursuant to the Conditions and the relevant Transaction Document, 
provided that nothing in this Condition 12(d)(iii) (Calculations and Determinations) shall be 
deemed to exclude any liability that cannot be excluded pursuant to applicable law or 
regulation. 
(iv) 
The determination by the Calculation Agent or the Programme Administrator (as applicable) 
of any amount, rate, value or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event or other matter, or 
the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to be 
determined, formed or exercised under the Relevant Provisions (or any other Transaction 
Document to which the Programme Administrator or Calculation Agent (as applicable) is a 
party) are required, under the terms of the Agency Agreement or Programme Administrator 
Agreement (as the case may be), to be made in good faith and shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Securityholders and the Transaction 
Parties.  
(e) 
Calculation Agent and Programme Administrator  
(i) 
If (I) the appointment of the Calculation Agent is terminated in connection with a Calculation 
Agent Bankruptcy Event or (II) the Calculation Agent resigns or its appointment is terminated 
and the Calculation Agent fails to appoint a replacement Calculation Agent by the date falling 
60 calendar days after the date the resignation or termination becomes effective, it shall notify 
the Programme Administrator of the same and the Programme Administrator may (but is not 
obliged to) provide a Service Provider Redemption Event Notice and a Service Provider 
Redemption Event Early Redemption Event may occur in accordance with Condition 9(b)(ii) 
(Service Provider Redemption Event).  
(ii) 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Programme Administrator has any obligation towards 
or relationship of agency or trust with any Securityholder. 
(iii) 
The Programme Administrator shall not have any duties or responsibilities except those 
expressly set forth in the Relevant Provisions and no implied or inferred duties or obligations 
of any kind will be read into the relevant Programme Administrator Agreement against or on

--- Page 108 ---
107 
the part of the Programme Administrator. The Programme Administrator will not, and will not 
be deemed to, assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of the Issuer or any other 
person under the Conditions or any Transaction Document. 
(iv) 
The Calculation Agent and the Programme Administrator (as applicable) may consult, on any 
legal matter which it believes in good faith requires such consultation, any legal or other 
professional advisers reasonably selected by it, who may be employees of or advisers to the 
Issuer, and it will not be liable in respect of anything done, or omitted to be done, relating to 
that matter in good faith in accordance with the opinion of such adviser(s).  
(v) 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Programme Administrator will incur any liability to any 
person in acting upon any EUA Linked Security, signature, or other document or information 
from any source reasonably believed by it to be genuine and believed by it to have been 
signed or otherwise given or disseminated by the proper party or parties. 
(vi) 
The Calculation Agent and the Programme Administrator, respectively, whether or not acting 
for themselves, may: (i) acquire, hold or dispose of any EUA Linked Security or other security 
(or any interest therein) of the Issuer or any other person; (ii) enter into or be interested in 
any contract or transaction with any such person, and/or (iii) act on, or as depositary, trustee 
or agent for, any committee or body of holders of securities of any such person, in each case 
with the same rights as it would have had if that Calculation Agent or Programme 
Administrator, as applicable, were not a Calculation Agent or Programme Administrator, as 
applicable, under the Agency Agreement or Programme Administrator Agreement, as 
applicable, and need not account for any profit. 
(vii) 
Save as otherwise provided in the Relevant Provisions, neither the Calculation Agent nor the 
Programme Administrator shall be required to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise to 
incur any liability, financial or otherwise if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that 
repayment of such funds or the provision of an indemnity satisfactory to it against such risk 
or liability is not assured to it.  
(viii) 
Neither the Calculation Agent nor the Programme Administrator is bound to make any 
investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, 
instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, entitlement order, approval or other 
paper or document received by it from the Issuer or any other Transaction Party. 
(ix) 
To the extent that the Calculation Agent or the Programme Administrator requires clarification 
of its duties pursuant to the Relevant Provisions, the Calculation Agent or the Programme 
Administrator (as applicable) is entitled to seek instructions from, and to rely entirely and act 
on the instructions received from, the Issuer and, without prejudice to the limitation of liability 
and indemnity provisions (and, in the case of the Programme Administrator, the standard of 
care provisions) in the Agency Agreement or the Programme Administrator Agreement (as 
applicable), neither the Calculation Agent nor the Programme Administrator (as applicable) 
will be liable for any action it takes in accordance with such instructions. 
(x) 
If the Issuer expressly instructs the Programme Administrator to take any action not 
contemplated by the Relevant Provisions, the Programme Administrator will not, without 
prejudice to the standard of care, limitation of liability and indemnity provisions in the Agency 
Agreement or the Programme Administrator Agreement (as applicable), be liable for any 
action it takes on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with such instructions.  
(xi) 
Nothing in the Agency Agreement or in any other Transaction Document shall require the 
Calculation Agent or the Programme Administrator (as applicable) to take any action or 
refrain from taking any action if the Calculation Agent or the Programme Administrator (as 
applicable) reasonably considers that the same would be contrary to any applicable law,

--- Page 109 ---
108 
regulation or requirement of any central bank or government or other regulatory authority 
affecting it. 
(xii) 
The Programme Administrator shall not have any obligation to notify anyone of the execution 
of the relevant Constituting Instrument or any other Transaction Document or do anything to 
find out if an Event of Default, a Potential Event of Default or an Early Redemption Event (or 
any event which with the passing of time or the giving of a notice would constitute an Early 
Redemption Event) has occurred in relation to the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities 
or if the Security under the Trust Deed has become enforceable. The Programme 
Administrator shall not be responsible for monitoring or supervising the performance by any 
other person (other than itself) of its obligations to the Issuer and may assume these are 
being so performed unless and until it has actual knowledge to the contrary. 
(xiii) 
The Programme Administrator shall not be responsible for default by the Issuer or any other 
Transaction Party, or any agent thereof, in the performance of its respective obligations under 
the Conditions or any Transaction Document. 
(f) 
Appointment of Agents and Service Providers 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Securityholder. The Issuer reserves 
the right at any time without the consent of the Trustee or the Securityholders to vary or terminate 
the appointment of the Issuing and Paying Agent, the EUA Disposal Agent, the Account Bank, the 
EUA Custodian, the Programme Administrator or the Calculation Agent. Without prejudice to the 
provisions for the automatic termination of the appointment of an Agent in connection with the 
occurrence of an insolvency or similar event or proceedings in the relevant Transaction Documents, 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Paying Agent, 
(ii) a Calculation Agent, (iii) an Account Bank, (iv) an EUA Disposal Agent, (v) an EUA Custodian in 
Luxembourg, (vi) a Registrar, (vii) a Transfer Agent, (viii) a Programme Administrator, (ix) one or 
more Authorised Participants and (x) such other agents as may be required by any stock exchange 
on which the EUA Linked Securities may be listed, and in the case of (i)-(vii) and (x), as approved 
by the Trustee. Notice of any change of Agent or any change to the specified office of an Agent 
shall promptly be given to the Securityholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 20 
(Notices).  
(g) 
Business Day Convention and Non-Payment Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any EUA Linked Security is not a Payment Business Day, the 
holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Business Day or to any 
interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. 
(h) 
Determinations by the Issuer 
The Issuer shall make any determinations that it is required to make and exercise any discretions 
that it may have pursuant to these Conditions in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner. 
(i) 
Rounding 
(i) 
Any amounts of cash payable:  
(A) 
to the Issuer shall be rounded up to the nearest EUR 0.01; and 
(B) 
by the Issuer shall be rounded down to the nearest EUR 0.01.  
(ii) 
Any number of EUAs to be delivered:  
(A) 
to the Issuer shall be rounded up to the nearest whole number of EUAs; and

--- Page 110 ---
109 
(B) 
by the Issuer shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number of EUAs. 
(iii) 
The Issuer (or the Calculation Agent on its behalf) may from time to time adjust such 
methodology, including to reflect changes in rounding conventions in the trading of EUAs or 
payments in the Specified Currency.  
(iv) 
The EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security shall be calculated to nine decimal places with 
0.0000000005 Underlying EUAs rounded upwards and subject to a floor of zero, provided 
that such methodology may be adjusted from time to time provided that the Programme 
Administrator reasonably determines that such change of methodology would not be 
materially prejudicial to Securityholders. 
(v) 
The number of Underlying EUAs to be liquidated by the EUA Disposal Agent, on behalf of 
the Issuer, on any relevant date pursuant to Condition 9(c) (Liquidation of Underlying EUAs 
following an Early Redemption Commencement Date or Final Redemption Commencement 
Date) or Condition 5(e) (Total Expense Ratio) may be rounded on such rounding basis as 
may be agreed between the EUA Disposal Agent and the Calculation Agent from time to 
time, in accordance with the Agency Agreement.  
13 Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the EUA Linked Securities shall 
be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which the payment of the 
relevant amount in respect of the EUA Linked Securities first became due or (if any amount payable was 
improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding was made or 
(if earlier) the date seven calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the Securityholders that, 
upon surrender of the Definitive Registered Securities Certificate(s) being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation.  
14 Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) occurs, the Trustee at its discretion may, or 
shall, if so directed in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the EUA Linked Securities then 
outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution (provided that in each case the Trustee shall 
have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer 
(copied to each Transaction Party) (such notice an “Event of Default Redemption Notice”) that the EUA 
Linked Securities shall become due and payable at their Early Redemption Amount on the Early 
Redemption Date: 
(i) 
the Issuer has defaulted for more than 14 calendar days in the payment of any sum or delivery of 
any EUA due in respect of the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series or any of them; 
(ii) 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations under the EUA Linked 
Securities or the Trust Deed, which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Trustee 
capable of remedy, is not in the opinion of the Trustee remedied within 30 calendar days (or such 
longer period as the Trustee may permit) after notice of such default shall have been given to the 
Issuer by the Trustee (and, for these purposes, a failure to perform or comply with an obligation 
shall be deemed to be remediable notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or 
thing by a particular time); or 
(iii) 
an Issuer Insolvency Event occurs in relation to the relevant Series.  
The Issuer shall, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default Redemption 
Notice, give notice thereof to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices).

--- Page 111 ---
110 
15 Enforcement 
(a) 
Enforcement of Security 
The Security over the Mortgaged Property shall become enforceable upon the occurrence of an 
Event of Default.  
Prior to taking any steps to enforce the Security in respect of a Series, the Trustee shall give notice 
in writing to the Issuer and each Transaction Party of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities 
(such notice, an “Enforcement Notice”) that (i) the Trustee intends to enforce the Security in 
respect of a Series and (ii) the EUA Disposal Agent is to cease to effect any further liquidation of 
the relevant Underlying EUAs (if such liquidation is taking place), save that any transaction entered 
into in connection with the liquidation on or prior to the date such Enforcement Notice was given 
shall be settled and the EUA Disposal Agent shall take any steps and actions necessary to settle 
such transaction and/or that are incidental thereto. On receipt of such Enforcement Notice, the 
Issuer shall notify the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) of the same. 
(b) 
Realisation of Security following Enforcement  
At any time after the Security has become enforceable, the Trustee may, at its discretion, and shall, 
if so directed in writing by (i) holders of at least one-fifth in number of the EUA Linked Securities of 
the relevant Series then outstanding or (ii) an Extraordinary Resolution of the Securityholders, in 
each case subject to it having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction, 
enforce the Security constituted under the Trust Deed in accordance with the Trust Deed.  
To do this, it may, at its discretion, (i) enforce, terminate and/or realise any relevant Transaction 
Document over which rights have been granted under the Security in accordance with its or their 
terms, and/or take action against the relevant Obligor(s) and/or (ii) take possession of and/or realise 
all or part of the Mortgaged Property over which the Security shall have become enforceable and 
may, in its discretion, sell, call in, collect and convert into money all or part of the Mortgaged Property 
in such manner and on such terms as it thinks fit (and, in respect of the Mortgaged Property subject 
to the Luxembourg Law Security, any enforcement method permissible under the law of 5 August 
2005 on financial collateral arrangements, as amended from time to time, and in accordance with 
Luxembourg Law Security), in each case without any liability as to the consequence of such step, 
action or proceeding and without having regard to the effect of such step, action or proceeding on 
individual Securityholders or Secured Creditors.  
The Trustee may, in writing, appoint a receiver over all or part of the Mortgaged Property relating to 
the EUA Linked Securities over which any Security shall have become enforceable and may remove 
any receiver so appointed and appoint another in its place. The Trustee shall not be obliged or 
required to take any proceeding, action or step which may involve it in incurring any personal liability 
or expense unless pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The powers conferred on the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed shall be additional to those 
conferred by the Trustee Act 2000 of England and Wales. 
(c) 
Trust Deed 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further 
notice, take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to 
enforce the rights of the holders of the EUA Linked Securities against the Issuer whether the same 
arise under general law, the Trust Deed, the EUA Linked Securities and any other Transaction 
Document or otherwise, but it need not take any such action or step or institute proceedings unless 
(a) in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee is so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or in writing by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the EUA Linked Securities then 
outstanding and (b) it is secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. None of

--- Page 112 ---
111 
the holders of the EUA Linked Securities shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer 
unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust 
Deed, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Trustee may enforce the Security over the 
Mortgaged Property in accordance with the Trust Deed and (other than as permitted by the Trust 
Deed and the Conditions) only the Trustee may, at its discretion and without further notice, take 
such action or step or institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the 
Security over the Mortgaged Property, but it need not take any such action or step or institute such 
proceedings unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or in writing 
by holders of at least one-fifth in number of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities then 
outstanding and (b) it shall have been secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction. None of the Secured Creditors, the Securityholders or the other Transaction Parties 
shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer in respect of the Trust Deed unless the Trustee, 
having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails or neglects 
to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. The Trustee, the Securityholders, 
the Secured Creditors and the Transaction Parties acknowledge and agree that only the Trustee 
may enforce the Security over the Mortgaged Property in accordance with, and subject to the terms 
of, the Trust Deed. 
The Trustee shall in no circumstances be obliged to take any action, step or proceeding that would 
involve any personal liability or expense without first being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction whether pursuant to the Trust Deed or otherwise. 
16 Application of Mortgaged Property and Proceeds of Enforcement of Security 
In respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities, (i) following an Early Redemption Commencement Date 
or Scheduled Maturity Date (as applicable) but prior to the Security becoming enforceable, the Issuer (or 
the Calculation Agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) shall apply the proceeds of realisation of the 
Underlying EUAs, or (ii) at any time after the Security has become enforceable, the Trustee shall (subject 
to the provisions of the relevant Trust Deed) apply the Mortgaged Property and proceeds derived from the 
realisation of the Mortgaged Property (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) as follows: 
(i) 
first, in payment or satisfaction of the Issuer’s share of any taxes owing by it;  
(ii) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other 
amounts properly incurred by or payable to the Trustee, Appointee or any receiver under or pursuant 
to the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document (including, without limitation, any Taxes 
(including any applicable VAT) required to be paid by the Trustee (other than any income, 
corporation or similar tax in respect of the Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing or realising 
all or some of the Security and the Trustee’s remuneration); 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment or satisfaction of the Series Overheads in respect of the EUA Linked Securities;  
(iv) 
fourthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Issuing and Paying Agent for reimbursement in 
respect of proper payment of principal made to the Securityholders;  
(v) 
fifthly, on a pari passu basis, in payment of any fees, expenses or other amounts due to (I) the 
Issuing and Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Transfer Agent and the EUA Disposal Agent, 
pursuant to the Agency Agreement (II) the Programme Administrator pursuant to the Programme 
Administrator Agreement, (III) the Account Bank pursuant to the Account Bank Agreement, (IV) any 
Authorised Participant under an Authorised Participant Agreement and (V) the EUA Custodian 
pursuant to the EUA Custody Agreement, in each case to the extent they relate to the relevant 
Series of EUA Linked Securities;

--- Page 113 ---
112 
(vi) 
sixthly, in payment of any amounts owing to the Securityholders by the Issuer pari passu and 
rateably; and  
(vii) 
seventhly, in payment of the balance (if any) to the Issuer. 
17 Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
In respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities, the Transaction Parties and the Securityholders shall have 
recourse only to the Mortgaged Property in respect of the EUA Linked Securities of such Series, subject 
always to the Security, and not to any other assets of the Issuer. If, following realisation in full of the 
Mortgaged Property of such Series (whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of 
available cash sums as provided in Condition 16 (Application of Mortgaged Property and Proceeds of 
Enforcement of Security) and the Trust Deed (and/or in the case of a buy-back, following delivery of EUAs 
(as applicable)), any outstanding claim against the Issuer in respect of the Secured Obligations remains 
unpaid (or unsatisfied due to non-delivery of all or a portion of the relevant number of EUAs in the case of 
buy-back)), then such outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in 
respect thereof. None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any other person acting on behalf 
of any of them shall be entitled to take any steps against (i) any of the Issuer’s officers, shareholders, 
corporate service providers or directors or (ii) following extinguishment in accordance with this Condition 
17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition), the Issuer to recover any further sum (or assets) in respect of the 
extinguished claim and no debt shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further 
sum (or assets). It is expressly agreed and understood that the EUA Linked Securities and the Transaction 
Documents are corporate obligations of the Issuer, each party agrees that no personal liability shall attach 
to or be incurred by the shareholders, officers, agents, employees or directors of the Issuer, or any of them, 
under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Issuer contained in the EUA 
Linked Securities or any Transaction Document or implied therefrom, and any and all personal liability of 
every such shareholder, officer, agent, employee or director for breaches by the Issuer of any such 
obligations, covenants or agreements, either at law or by statute or constitution of every such shareholder, 
officer, agent, employee or director is hereby deemed expressly waived by the Transaction Parties and the 
Securityholders. 
None of the Transaction Parties, the Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of them may, 
at any time, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or joining insolvency, 
administration, bankruptcy, rescue process, winding-up, examinership or any other similar proceedings 
(whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets, and none of them shall 
have any claim arising with respect to the assets and/or property (i) attributable to any other securities 
issued by the Issuer (save for any further securities which form a single series with the EUA Linked 
Securities) or (ii) not attributable to any particular Series.  
The provisions of this Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) shall survive notwithstanding any 
redemption of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities or the termination or expiration of any 
Transaction Document. 
18 Meetings of Securityholders, Modification, Waiver, Substitution and Restrictions 
(a) 
Meetings of Securityholders 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, a meeting of Securityholders may be convened by 
the Issuer or the Trustee at any time during the term of the EUA Linked Securities. The quorum 
requirement for a meeting and the voting arrangements are described in the Trust Deed.  
The special quorum provisions described in the Trust Deed shall apply to any meeting and 
Extraordinary Resolution relating to any proposal: (i) to amend the dates of redemption of the EUA 
Linked Securities; (ii) to vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount 
or the Early Redemption Amount; (iii) to vary the currency or currencies of payment or denomination

--- Page 114 ---
113 
of the EUA Linked Securities; (iv) to take any steps that, as specified in the Trust Deed, may only 
be taken following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions 
apply; (v) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Securityholders 
or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; (vi) to modify the provisions of the 
Trust Deed concerning the special quorum provisions; or (vii) to modify certain provisions of 
Condition 6 (Security).  
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions, for the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
approval of Securityholders by way of an Extraordinary Resolution of Securityholders or otherwise 
or the consent of the Trustee is required (without limitation) for: 
(i) 
the transfer of EUAs to an Authorised Participant or a Non-Authorised Participant 
Securityholder (as applicable) in accordance with Condition 8(b) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked 
Securities from Authorised Participants) or Condition 8(c) (Buy-Back of EUA Linked 
Securities from Non-Authorised Participant Securityholders) (as applicable) in connection 
with any buy-back and the related release of Security and any other circumstance in which 
assets may be released from the security as provided in Condition 6 (Security) or in the Trust 
Deed;  
(ii) 
any change to the Total Expense Ratio at any time; 
(iii) 
the termination of any appointment of an Agent or any appointment of an additional or 
replacement Transaction Party provided such appointment or termination thereof or 
replacement is effected in accordance with the Conditions; 
(iv) 
the substitution of the Reference Rate with a Successor Reference Rate, or the replacement 
of a Reference Rate or Price Source, or any related activities pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any increase in the maximum number of EUA Linked Securities (if any) specified in a 
Registered Global Certificate; 
(vi) 
any amendment to any term of the Conditions or any Transaction Document which relates to 
an operational or procedural issue;  
(vii) 
any amendment to the name of the Programme;  
(viii) 
anything that the Issuer is permitted to do without the prior written consent of the Trustee 
pursuant to Condition 7 (Restrictions) or any other Conditions; or 
(ix) 
the transfer, novation or assignment of the Programme Administrator Agreement effected in 
accordance with the Conditions. 
(b) 
Modification of the Relevant Transaction Documents 
Without prejudice to Condition 18(a) (Meetings of Securityholders), the Trustee may agree, without 
the consent of the Securityholders but only with the prior written consent of the Programme 
Administrator, to (i) any modification to these Conditions, the Trust Deed, and/or any other 
Transaction Document which is, in the opinion of the Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature 
or is made to correct a manifest error, and (ii) any other modification (except a modification to which 
the special quorum provisions apply), and any waiver or authorisation, of any breach or proposed 
breach of any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed and/or any other 
Transaction Document that is in the opinion of the Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Securityholders. Any such modification, authorisation or waiver will be binding on the 
Securityholders and, unless the Trustee otherwise requires, such modification, authorisation or 
waiver will be notified by the Issuer to the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) 
as soon as reasonably practicable.

--- Page 115 ---
114 
(c) 
Substitution  
 
Upon receipt of a written request from the Programme Administrator to substitute the Issuer, 
the Issuer may (provided that it may not unreasonably withhold its consent to any such 
request), without the consent of the Securityholders, effect a substitution of any other 
company in place of itself or of any previous substitute under this Condition 18(c) 
(Substitution) as the principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the other Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party and the EUA Linked Securities (any such substitute company 
being the “Substituted Obligor” and any such substitution being the “Substitution”), 
provided that:  
(A) 
the following conditions precedent have been satisfied:  
(I) 
the Substituted Obligor must be a special purpose vehicle incorporated as a 
public limited company under the laws of Ireland;  
(II) 
any listing or admission to trading of the EUA Linked Securities must not be 
cancelled or suspended as a result of the Substitution;  
(III) 
the identity of the Trustee must remain unchanged; 
(IV) 
the identity of the Agents must remain unchanged; 
(V) 
the Conditions and the Transaction Documents must not be amended, provided 
that the Substituted Obligor may make such amendments to the Conditions 
and/or the Transaction Documents as it determines necessary to reflect the 
Substitution;  
(VI) 
the Substituted Obligor assumes all rights, obligations and liabilities in relation 
to the Mortgaged Property, acknowledges the Security created in respect 
thereof pursuant to the Trust Deed and takes all such action required so that 
the Security constitutes a valid charge, pledge or other security interest over 
the Mortgaged Property (as was originally created by the Issuer) for the 
obligations of the Substituted Obligor; and 
(VII) 
the Underlying EUAs must remain unchanged; 
(B) 
the Issuer certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Substitution Certificate”) to the 
Trustee and each Transaction Party that the conditions precedent set out in paragraph 
(A) above have been satisfied; and  
(C) 
the applicable Transaction Parties’ “know your customer” requirements have been 
satisfied.  
The Trustee may rely, without further enquiry and without liability to any person for so doing, 
on a Substitution Certificate. Upon receipt of a Substitution Certificate, the Trustee and the 
other Transaction Parties shall (at the expense of the Issuer) agree to the Substitution 
(including, inter alia, to the execution of a Substitution Deed) without seeking the consent of 
the Securityholders or any other party, provided that the Trustee shall not be required to 
agree to the Substitution if in the opinion of the Trustee the Substitution would (x) expose the 
Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-
funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any 
additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to 
the Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document.

--- Page 116 ---
115 
The Issuer shall give notice to Securityholders of the Substitution in accordance with 
Condition 20 (Notices) within 14 days of the execution of the documents effecting such 
Substitution. 
(d) 
Extension of the Scheduled Maturity Date 
Provided that no Early Redemption Event or Event of Default has occurred or is subsisting, the 
Issuer may (subject to the prior written consent of the Programme Administrator) by notice to the 
Transaction Parties and the Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) extend the 
Scheduled Maturity Date to a date falling no more than 50 calendar years after the then current 
Scheduled Maturity Date and any references to the Scheduled Maturity Date in these Conditions 
and/or any Transaction Document shall be deemed to be to such extended date. For the avoidance 
of doubt, there is no limit on the number of times the Scheduled Maturity Date can be extended.  
(e) 
Entitlement of the Trustee 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, in connection with the exercise of its functions 
(including, but not limited to, those referred to in this Condition 18 (Meetings of Securityholders, 
Modification, Waiver, Substitution and Restrictions)) the Trustee will have regard to the interests of 
the Securityholders as a class and will not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual Securityholders (and, for so long as the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series are 
cleared through a Relevant Clearing System, investors who have for the time being a number of 
EUA Linked Securities of such Series credited to the investors’ securities accounts in the records 
of that Relevant Clearing System) and the Trustee will not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Securityholder (and, for so long as the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series are cleared 
through a Relevant Clearing System, investors who have for the time being a number of EUA Linked 
Securities of such Series credited to the investors’ securities accounts in the records of that Relevant 
Clearing System) be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any indemnification or payment in respect of 
any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Securityholders.  
19 Replacement of EUA Linked Securities 
If a Definitive Registered Securities Certificate or Registered Global Certificate representing any EUA 
Linked Securities is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable 
laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant authority regulations, at the specified office of the 
relevant Registrar or such other agent, as the case may be, as may from time to time be designated by 
the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Securityholders, in each case on 
payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Definitive Registered Securities Certificate or Registered Global Certificate representing such EUA Linked 
Securities is subsequently presented for payment, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such EUA Linked Securities) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Definitive Registered Securities Certificates or Registered Global Certificates 
representing any EUA Linked Securities must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. Upon 
the issuance of any replacement Definitive Registered Securities Certificates or Registered Global 
Certificates representing such EUA Linked Securities, the Issuer may require the payment of a sum 
sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental or issuance charge that may be imposed in connection 
with such replacement and any other expense (including the fees and expenses of the relevant Registrar 
or other applicable agent) connected therewith.

--- Page 117 ---
116 
20 Notices 
(a) 
All notices to holders of EUA Linked Securities shall be valid:  
(i) 
if delivered to the Relevant Clearing System(s), for communication by them to such holders, 
in the case of EUA Linked Securities held in a Relevant Clearing System. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given on the Payment Business Day after the day on which 
such notice was given to the Relevant Clearing System(s);  
(ii) 
if mailed to them at their respective addresses in the Register and deemed to have been 
given on the day it is delivered in the case of recorded delivery and three calendar days 
(excluding Saturdays or Sundays) in the case of inland post or seven calendar days 
(excluding Saturdays or Sundays) in the case of overseas post after the date of despatch;  
(iii) 
if published on the website of one or more RIS(s) approved for such purposes by the 
applicable Relevant Stock Exchange(s) and any such notices shall be conclusively presumed 
to have been received by the holders; and/or 
(iv) 
for so long as the EUA Linked Securities are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, 
published in accordance with the rules and regulations of such Relevant Stock Exchange or 
other relevant authority. 
(b) 
All notices to be given by the Issuer under the Conditions may be given by the Programme 
Administrator on behalf of the Issuer. 
21 Regulatory Requirement Amendments 
If the Programme Administrator determines that a Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred, it may 
notify the Issuer (copied to all Transaction Parties) of any modifications that it determines are required to 
be made to the Conditions and/or any Transaction Document (except for any Authorised Participant 
Agreement) (such amendments, the “Regulatory Requirement Amendments”) in order to cause (as 
applicable): 
(a) 
the EUA Linked Securities and the transactions contemplated by the Conditions and the Transaction 
Documents to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws; 
(b) 
the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be compliant with all Relevant Regulatory Laws; or 
(c) 
the Issuer and each Transaction Party to be able to continue to transact future business (as issuer 
of EUA Linked Securities or as a transaction party to the Issuer pursuant to the Programme) in 
compliance with all Relevant Regulatory Laws. 
Provided that: 
(A) 
no Early Redemption Commencement Date has occurred in respect of the EUA Linked Securities; 
(B) 
the Regulatory Requirement Amendments will not: 
(i) 
reduce or cancel the Early Redemption Amount or Final Redemption Amount;  
(ii) 
reduce or cancel the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security or vary the method of, or 
basis for, calculating the EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked Security; 
(iii) 
vary any method of, or basis for, calculating the Final Redemption Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount; 
(iv) 
exchange or substitute the Underlying EUAs (or any portion thereof) for any other asset 
(other than cash); or

--- Page 118 ---
117 
(v) 
have a material adverse effect on the validity, legality or enforceability of the Security or on 
the priority and ranking of the Security; 
(C) 
the Regulatory Requirement Amendments are agreed to by each party to the affected Transaction 
Documents (in each case, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and the 
Trustee; 
(D) 
the Programme Administrator certifies in writing (such certificate, a “Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments Certificate”, upon which the Trustee may rely without enquiry and without liability to 
any person for so doing) to the Trustee that (x) the purpose of the Regulatory Requirement 
Amendments is solely as set out in Conditions 21(a) (Regulatory Requirement Amendments) to 
21(c) (Regulatory Requirement Amendments), (y) the Regulatory Requirement Amendments satisfy 
the requirements of paragraph (B) above and (z) no Early Redemption Commencement Date has 
occurred in respect of the EUA Linked Securities; and 
(E) 
in the opinion of the Trustee (acting reasonably), the Regulatory Requirement Amendments would 
not (x) expose the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (y) impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties or responsibilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to the 
Trustee in the Conditions or any Transaction Document of any Series,  
the Trustee shall agree to the Regulatory Requirement Amendments without seeking the consent of the 
Securityholders or any other party and concur with the Issuer and the other Transaction Parties (at the 
Issuer’s expense) in effecting the Regulatory Requirement Amendments (including, inter alia, by the 
execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed). 
Neither the Programme Administrator nor the Trustee shall have any duty to monitor, enquire or satisfy 
itself as to whether any Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred. The Programme Administrator shall 
not have any obligation to give, nor any responsibility or liability for giving or not giving, any notice to the 
Issuer and the Transaction Parties that a Regulatory Requirement Event has occurred. 
Any Regulatory Requirement Amendments will be binding on the Issuer, the Transaction Parties and the 
Securityholders. 
22 Rights, Obligations and Indemnification of the Trustee 
In accordance with the relevant Trust Deed, the Trustee is not obliged or required to take any action, step 
or proceeding that would involve any personal liability or expense without first being pre-funded and/or 
secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The Trustee will accept without investigation, requisition or objection such right and title as the Issuer has 
to any of the Mortgaged Property and need not examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or failure 
in the right or title of the Issuer to the Mortgaged Property or any part of it, whether such defect or failure 
was known to the Trustee or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry and whether 
capable of remedy or not. The Trustee is not under any obligation to insure any property comprising the 
Mortgaged Property or any certificate, note, bond or other evidence in respect thereof, or to require any 
other person to maintain any such insurance. 
The Trustee will not be responsible for, nor will it have any liability with respect to any loss or theft or 
reduction in value of any property comprising the Mortgaged Property. The Trustee will have no 
responsibility or liability to the Issuer, any Securityholder (and, for so long as the EUA Linked Securities of 
the relevant Series are cleared through a Relevant Clearing System, investors who have for the time being 
a number of EUA Linked Securities of such Series credited to the investors’ securities accounts in the 
records of that Relevant Clearing System), any Secured Creditor or any other Transaction Party as regards 
any deficiency which might arise because (i) all or part of the property comprising the Mortgaged Property

--- Page 119 ---
118 
is or will be held by the EUA Custodian, the EUA Disposal Agent, the Issuing and Paying Agent and the 
Account Bank, and/or (ii) the Trustee, the Issuer, the EUA Custodian and/or the EUA Disposal Agent, as 
applicable, is subject to any Tax in respect of any of the Mortgaged Property, any income therefrom and/or 
the proceeds thereof. 
The Trustee will not be responsible or liable to the Issuer, any Securityholder (and, for so long as the EUA 
Linked Securities of the relevant Series are cleared through a Relevant Clearing System, investors who 
have for the time being a number of EUA Linked Securities of such Series credited to the investors’ 
securities accounts in the records of that Relevant Clearing System), any Secured Creditor or any other 
Transaction Party for the validity, enforceability, value or sufficiency (which the Trustee will not investigate) 
of the Security relating to the EUA Linked Securities. The Trustee will not be liable to any Securityholder 
(and, for so long as the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series are cleared through a Relevant 
Clearing System, investors who have for the time being a number of EUA Linked Securities of such Series 
credited to the investors’ securities accounts in the records of that Relevant Clearing System), any Secured 
Creditor, any other Transaction Party or any other person for any failure to make or cause to be made on 
its behalf the searches, investigations and enquiries which would normally be made by a prudent chargee, 
mortgagee or assignee in relation to the Security relating to the EUA Linked Securities. 
In addition to the above, each Trust Deed also contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee, 
for its relief from responsibility. 
23 Relevant Clearing System 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Agents or the Programme Administrator will have any responsibility 
for the performance by a Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of any of 
their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
Where EUA Linked Securities are held in a Relevant Clearing System, a reference in these Conditions to 
a deposit or return of such EUA Linked Securities shall be deemed to refer to the taking of such action by 
an account holder in such Relevant Clearing System as is required to deposit or return such account 
holder’s interest in the EUA Linked Securities in or to the relevant account in such Relevant Clearing 
System (or other Relevant Clearing System, as applicable). 
24 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
(i) 
The relevant Trust Deed (except for clause 5.2, 5.16 and 5.22.2 therein), the other 
Transaction Documents (except for the Account Bank Agreement and the EUA Custody 
Agreement), the EUA Linked Securities (including any Registered Global Certificate), and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.  
(ii) 
Clause 5.2, 5.16 and 5.22.2 of the Trust Deed, the Account Bank Agreement and the EUA 
Custody Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Luxembourg law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise out of 
or in connection with any EUA Linked Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with any EUA Linked Securities (“Proceedings”) may be brought in 
such courts. The parties to the Trust Deed have irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such 
courts and waives any objections to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the 
ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is for

--- Page 120 ---
119 
the benefit of each of the Trustee and the Securityholders and shall not limit the right of any of them 
to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings 
in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether 
concurrently or not).  
(c) 
Service of Process 
In respect of a Series, each of the EUA Custodian, the Account Bank, the Issuing and Paying Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Transfer Agent and the Registrar irrevocably agrees to appoint, on or 
around the Series Issue Date, a process agent as its agent to receive, for it and on its behalf, service 
of process in any Proceedings in England. The process agent in respect of each such party 
appointing a process agent shall either (i) be the party specified as its process agent for the Series 
in the relevant Constituting Instrument for the first Tranche for such Series or (ii) if no such process 
agent is specified in such Constituting Instrument in respect of such party, be notified to the Trustee 
as soon as reasonably practicable following its appointment. Service of process on any such 
process agent shall be deemed valid service upon the party appointing such process agent, whether 
or not it is forwarded to and received by the appointing party. Each party appointing a process agent 
shall inform the Trustee in writing of any change in its process agent’s address within 30 calendar 
days of such change. If for any reason any such process agent ceases to be able to act as such or 
no longer has an address in England, each party who has appointed such process agent irrevocably 
agrees to appoint a substitute process agent in England reasonably acceptable to the Trustee and 
to deliver to the Trustee a copy of the substitute process agent’s written acceptance of that 
appointment, within 14 calendar days. Each party appointing a process agent irrevocably consents 
to any process in any Proceedings anywhere being served by mailing a copy by registered post to 
such process agent. However, nothing in this Condition 24(c) (Service of Process) shall affect the 
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 121 ---
120 
SUMMARY OF TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of certain Transaction Documents relating to the 
Programme and the EUA Linked Securities and should be read in conjunction with the rest of this Base 
Prospectus. The summaries below are of certain provisions of the Transaction Documents and do not 
purport to be complete and are subject to the detailed provisions of the relevant Transaction Documents. 
Capitalised terms used in the summaries below but not defined therein shall have the meanings given to 
such terms in Conditions. 
Constituting Instrument 
The Constituting Instrument relating to a Series of EUA Linked Securities will be entered into by the Issuer, 
the Trustee and the other parties named therein at the time of the first Tranche of EUA Linked Securities 
for that Series and will apply, without further action and without the need for re-execution or execution of 
a new Constituting Instrument, to any further Tranches of that Series. The Constituting Instrument is 
entered into for the purpose of constituting and securing the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities and 
sets out the terms of the Transaction Documents relating to such Series of EUA Linked Securities. Under 
the terms of the Constituting Instrument relating to a Series of EUA Linked Securities, the execution of the 
Constituting Instrument will constitute the Trust Deed, the Programme Administrator Agreement, the 
Agency Agreement, the Account Bank Agreement and the EUA Custody Agreement for such Series of 
EUA Linked Securities on the terms set out in the Constituting Instrument. 
Trust Deed 
The Trust Deed relating to a Series of EUA Linked Securities will be entered into as a deed by the Issuer, 
the Trustee and each other party thereto upon the execution of the Constituting Instrument. The 
Constituting Instrument will incorporate and may amend and/or supplement the Master Trust Terms. The 
relevant Trust Deed contains the provisions setting out the various obligations of the Issuer and the Trustee 
with respect to the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities. Each Trust Deed relating to a Series of EUA 
Linked Securities will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law (except for clauses 
5.2, 5.16 and 5.22.2 of the Trust Deed which will be governed by and construed in accordance with 
Luxembourg law).  
The relevant Trust Deed will constitute and secure the EUA Linked Securities of the relevant Series and 
will set out the covenants of the Issuer, including, inter alia, its covenant to pay, provisions relating to its 
duty to provide various persons with information, to prepare and display certain information, only to do 
such things as are contemplated within the relevant Trust Deed (most importantly, in relation to the issue 
of the EUA Linked Securities) and its duties with respect to its obligations under the EUA Linked Securities. 
Each Trust Deed will also set out the basis for the remuneration and indemnification of the Trustee in 
respect of its duties, the conditions for appointment, retirement and removal and contains provisions which 
are supplemental to certain statutory provisions and which set out the powers of the Trustee and the extent 
of its duties. The Trustee in respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities may retire upon giving not less 
than 60 calendar days’ prior written notice to the Issuer, and the Securityholders may by Extraordinary 
Resolution remove any Trustee, provided that the retirement or removal of a sole trust corporation will not 
be effective until a trust corporation is appointed as successor Trustee. If the sole trust corporation in 
respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities gives notice of retirement or an Extraordinary Resolution is 
passed for its removal, the Issuer will use all reasonable endeavours to procure that another trust 
corporation is appointed as the Trustee for such Series but if it fails to do so before the expiry of such 60 
calendar day notice period, the Trustee will at the Issuer’s expense have the power to appoint a new 
Trustee.

--- Page 122 ---
121 
Agency Agreement 
By executing the relevant Constituting Instrument, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into an 
Agency Agreement governed by English law in relation to the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities on 
the terms set out in the Master Agency Terms as amended or supplemented by such Constituting 
Instrument with each person executing the Constituting Instrument in the capacity of Programme 
Administrator, Issuing and Paying Agent, EUA Disposal Agent, Calculation Agent, Transfer Agent, 
Registrar and Trustee.  
The Agency Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of:  
(a) 
the Issuing and Paying Agent in relation to the issue, payment, replacement, cancellation and listing 
of the EUA Linked Securities;  
(b) 
the EUA Disposal Agent in relation to the sale of the Underlying EUAs in respect of the relevant 
Series of EUA Linked Securities during a Redemption Disposal Period or in relation to the Total 
Expense Ratio;  
(c) 
the Calculation Agent in relation to the determination and/or calculation of certain amounts, prices, 
rates or values and the provision of any notices, consents, authorisations, certifications or 
instructions relating thereto in respect of the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities; 
(d) 
the Registrar in relation to the maintenance of the Register, including amending the nominal 
amounts or number of EUA Linked Securities represented by a Registered Global Certificate and 
maintaining an accurate record of the dates of any issuances of EUA Linked Securities under a 
Series; and 
(e) 
the Transfer Agent in relation to the acceptance and transfer of EUA Linked Securities delivered to 
it.  
In the case of paragraphs (a) to (e) above, the Agency Agreement also sets out the basis for the 
remuneration and indemnification of such agents in respect of their respective duties and obligations. 
The Agency Agreement also sets out the terms for the appointment, resignation (by at least 60 calendar 
days’ prior notice to the Issuer and the Trustee) and termination of the appointment of any Agent (by at 
least 60 calendar days’ prior notice from the Issuer or on the occurrence of certain events (including, 
without limitation, a Calculation Agent Bankruptcy Event, EUA Disposal Agent Bankruptcy Event, Issuing 
and 
Paying 
Agent 
Bankruptcy 
Event, 
Programme 
Administrator 
Bankruptcy 
Event 
and/or 
Registrar/Transfer Agent Bankruptcy Event)).  
EUA Custody Agreement 
By executing the relevant Constituting Instrument, the Issuer and the EUA Custodian will be deemed to 
have entered into a Luxembourg law governed EUA Custody Agreement in respect of the relevant Series 
of EUA Linked Securities, on the terms set out in the Master EUA Custody Terms, as amended or 
supplemented by such Constituting Instrument. Each EUA Custody Agreement will set out the duties and 
obligations of the EUA Custodian in relation to the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities and the basis 
for its liability, remuneration and indemnification.  
Programme Administrator Agreement  
By executing the relevant Constituting Instrument, the Issuer will be deemed to have entered into a 
Programme Administrator Agreement with the Programme Administrator governed by English law in 
relation to the EUA Linked Securities on the terms set out in the Master Programme Administrator Terms 
as amended or supplemented by such Constituting Instrument with each person executing the Constituting 
Instrument in the capacity of Programme Administrator and Issuer.

--- Page 123 ---
122 
The Programme Administrator Agreement sets out the duties and obligations of the Programme 
Administrator in relation to the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities and the basis for its liability and 
remuneration. The Programme Administrator Agreement sets out the conditions for appointment, 
resignation and termination of the Programme Administrator.  
In particular (a) the Issuer will pay a fee to the Programme Administrator from the proceeds of the 
Underlying EUAs that will be liquidated periodically to satisfy the Total Expense Ratio; and (b) the 
Programme Administrator will, upon the Issuer’s request and receipt of a copy of a relevant invoice, pay to 
the Issuer or as the Issuer may direct, or reimburse the Issuer for, the Relevant Proportion (as defined in 
the Programme Administrator Agreement) of the Programme Costs (as defined in the Programme 
Administrator Agreement).  
The Issuer may at any time terminate the appointment of the Programme Administrator with immediate 
effect if the Programme Administrator commits any material breach of its obligations under the relevant 
Programme Administrator Agreement and, to the extent such breach is capable of being remedied, the 
Programme Administrator fails to cure such breach within 60 calendar days of its becoming aware of, or 
its receiving notice from the Issuer or the Trustee of, such breach. 
The Programme Administrator may resign its appointment at any time without giving any reason and 
without being liable for any costs of the Issuer by giving the Issuer at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice 
to that effect. 
Authorised Participant Agreement 
The Issuer will enter into an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Calculation Agent and each 
Authorised Participant in relation to a Series of EUA Linked Securities. Each Authorised Participant 
Agreement sets out the provisions, in respect of each Series, relating to (i) the subscription for EUA Linked 
Securities by the Authorised Participant and (ii) the buy-back of EUA Linked Securities by the Issuer from 
an Authorised Participant. The Authorised Participant Agreement also sets out the terms on which an 
Authorised Participant may offer, sell or deliver EUA Linked Securities and contains certain 
representations, warranties and undertakings of the Authorised Participant in relation thereto.  
Pursuant to each Authorised Participant Agreement, the Authorised Participant may, on any Eligible Order 
Day on or after the Series Issue Date, request that the Issuer either issue and sell to it a number of EUA 
Linked Securities (as specified in the relevant Subscription Order) or buy back from it a number of EUA 
Linked Securities (as specified in the relevant AP Buy-Back Order).  
The Calculation Agent (acting on behalf of the Issuer) will not be obliged to accept a Subscription Order or 
AP Buy-Back Order in certain circumstances, and the determination of whether such circumstances exist 
will be made in its sole discretion. Such circumstances include that the relevant Subscription Order or AP 
Buy-Back Order (as applicable) is received after the specified time by which such Subscription Order or 
AP Buy-Back Order must be submitted, an EUA Disruption Event has occurred or an Early Redemption 
Commencement Date has occurred.  
The Calculation Agent may (on behalf of the Issuer) suspend the issuance of further EUA Linked Securities 
at any time and for any reason by giving a Suspension Event Notice (as defined in the relevant Authorised 
Participant Agreement) to the Authorised Participant. Following delivery of a Suspension Event Notice, the 
Issuer shall not be obliged to accept any further Subscription Orders with effect from the date of suspension 
specified in such notice until such time (if any) as the Issuer notifies the Authorised Participant (copied to 
each Transaction Party) that it shall recommence the issue of further Tranches of the EUA Linked 
Securities. Any Subscription Order that has been accepted, but in respect of which the Subscription 
Settlement Date has not yet occurred, shall, unless the Issuer and the Authorised Participant agree 
otherwise, be settled in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement and the Operating

--- Page 124 ---
123 
Guidelines (as defined in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement) and shall not be cancelled as a 
result of the delivery of a Suspension Event Notice. 
Each Authorised Participant Agreement also sets out the conditions for appointment and resignation (in 
the case of the latter, by giving at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice to the Issuer and the Calculation 
Agent) of the Authorised Participant, as well as the conditions for termination of the Authorised Participant’s 
appointment. The Issuer may, at any time, terminate the appointment of the relevant Authorised Participant 
with immediate effect if (i) the Authorised Participant commits any material breach of its obligations under 
the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement or the Operating Guidelines and, to the extent such breach 
is capable of being remedied, the Authorised Participant fails to cure such breach within 30 calendar days 
of it becoming aware of, or receiving notice from the Issuer or the Calculation Agent of such breach, (ii) 
the Issuer determines, in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, that, the conduct of the 
Authorised Participant is detrimental to the reputation or development potential of the business of the Issuer 
or any other Transaction Party or the relationships of those entities with third parties, (iii) the Authorised 
Participant is in breach of the AP Requirements in any respect or (iv) the Authorised Participant is subject 
to an Authorised Participant Bankruptcy Event (as defined in the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement).  
The Issuer may otherwise terminate the appointment of the Authorised Participant at any time by giving 
the Authorised Participant at least 60 calendar days’ prior notice to that effect. 
Account Bank Agreement 
The Constituting Instrument shall constitute the Account Bank Agreement between the Issuer and the 
Account Bank on the terms set out in the Master Account Bank Terms. The Account Bank Agreement sets 
out, inter alia, the details on which the Account Bank is appointed and the terms and conditions relating to 
the Cash Account.

--- Page 125 ---
124 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
The EUA Linked Securities are designed to provide investors with exposure to EUAs without having to 
take physical delivery of such EUAs. 
The net proceeds from the issue of a Series of EUA Linked Securities will be a number of EUAs which, in 
accordance with the EUA Custody Agreement, will be held in the EUA Custody Account. Such Underlying 
EUAs shall be used to meet the Issuer’s obligations under the relevant Series of EUA Linked Securities.

--- Page 126 ---
125 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General  
The Issuer was incorporated in Ireland as a public limited company on 21 November 2019 with registration 
number 661148 under the name HARP Issuer PLC, under the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended). 
The Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of the Issuer is 6354004X7YVOLLD4FR65. 
The registered office of the Issuer is at 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, 
Dublin IE D01 P767, Ireland. The telephone number of the Issuer is +353 1 411 2949. The website of the 
Issuer is http://www.harp-issuer.ie. The information on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
Share capital and ownership 
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is EUR 25,000 divided into 25,000 ordinary shares of EUR 1.00 
each (“Shares”). The Issuer has issued 25,000 Shares and EUR 0.25 in respect of each of these Shares 
has been paid. 
The issued Shares are held on trust by Apex Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited of 2nd Floor, Block 5, 
Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1, Dublin IE D01 P767, Ireland (the “Share Trustee”) who 
owns 25,000 Shares under the terms of a declaration of trust (the “Declaration of Trust”), under which 
the Share Trustee holds such Shares of the Issuer on trust for charity. The Share Trustee has no beneficial 
interest in and derives no benefit (other than any fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding of the 
Shares. Other than any fees for acting as Share Trustee, the Share Trustee will apply any income derived 
by it from the Issuer solely for charitable purposes. The Share Trustee has, inter alia, undertaken not to 
exercise its voting rights to wind up the Issuer unless and until it has received written confirmation from the 
Directors of the Issuer that the Issuer does not intend to carry on further business. 
Business 
As described in paragraph 3 of the Issuer’s memorandum of association as adopted by a written resolution 
dated 3 December 2019, the principal objects of the Issuer are: 
(a) 
to carry on the business of entering into financial transactions including but without limitation 
securitising, purchasing, acquiring, holding, collecting, discounting, financing, negotiating, 
managing, warehousing, selling, disposing of and otherwise trading or dealing directly or indirectly 
in real or personal property of whatsoever nature (including, without limitation, securities, notes 
issued by special purpose vehicles, instruments or obligations of any nature whatsoever, howsoever 
described and derivatives, financial assets of whatsoever nature howsoever described and trade 
accounts, receivables and book debts of whatsoever nature howsoever described and foreign 
currencies) and any proceeds arising therefrom or in relation thereto and any participation or interest 
(whether legal or equitable) therein and any certificates of participation or interest (whether legal or 
equitable) therein and any agreements in connection therewith; and 
(b) 
to exercise and enforce all rights and powers conferred by or incidental to the ownership or holding 
of any of the foregoing or of any legal or equitable interest therein including, without limitation, the 
enforcement of any security interest in relation thereto. 
Assets and liabilities 
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle incorporated for the purpose of issuing secured, limited recourse 
securities.

--- Page 127 ---
126 
The Issuer has, and will have, no assets other than the sum of EUR 6,250 representing the issued and 
paid-up share capital, such fees (as agreed) per issue payable to it in connection with the issue of EUA 
Linked Securities and any securities it has or issues under any other programme (any such securities or 
issues being the “Other Securities”) or the purchase, sale or incurring of other obligations and any 
Mortgaged Property and any other assets on which the EUA Linked Securities or any Other Securities are 
secured.  
Save in respect of the fees generated in connection with each issue of EUA Linked Securities and any 
Other Securities, any related profits and the proceeds of any deposits and investments made from such 
fees or from amounts representing the Issuer’s issued and paid-up share capital, the Issuer will not 
accumulate any surpluses. 
No person other than the Issuer will be obliged to make payments on the EUA Linked Securities and the 
EUA Linked Securities will not be guaranteed by, or be the responsibility of, any other entity.  
The EUA Linked Securities (i) are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of, nor guaranteed in any way 
by, the Programme Administrator, the directors, the Corporate Services Provider, any Transaction Party 
or any subsidiary, holding company or any company associated with any of them, (ii) will not have the 
status of a bank deposit and will not be within the scope of any deposit protection scheme and (iii) are not 
insured or guaranteed by any government, government agency or other body. 
So long as any of the EUA Linked Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer will be subject to the restrictions 
set out in the Trust Deed. In particular, the Issuer has undertaken not to carry out any business other than 
the issue of securities and related transactions in accordance with Condition 7(i) (Restrictions). The only 
assets of the Issuer available to meet claims of the holders of the EUA Linked Securities are the assets 
comprised in the Mortgaged Property relating to the relevant Series. 
Directors and Company Secretary  
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows:  
Director 
Principal outside activities 
Business Address 
Ciaran Connolly 
Client Director - Apex Group 
 
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre 
Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1 D01 
P767, Ireland 
Niall Vaughan 
Director - Apex Corporate Services 
(Ireland) Limited 
 
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre 
Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1 D01 
P767, Ireland 
Rhys Owens 
Director - Apex Corporate Services 
(Ireland) Limited 
 
2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre 
Abbey Street Lower, Dublin 1 D01 
P767, Ireland 
The Company Secretary is Apex Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited (“Apex”). 
Due to the nature of the Issuer as a special purpose vehicle, and its purpose of issuing secured, limited 
recourse securities (including Other Securities), alternate directors may need to be appointed from time to 
time to facilitate quorate board meetings for the issue of Other Securities. This is reflected in the director 
appointments and resignations shown in the Issuer’s audited financial statements for the period from 1 
January 2022 to 31 December 2022.

--- Page 128 ---
127 
Corporate Services Provider 
Apex is the corporate services provider of the Issuer (“Corporate Services Provider”). Its duties include 
the provision of certain administrative, accounting and related services. The appointment of the Corporate 
Services Provider may be terminated forthwith if the Corporate Services Provider commits any material 
breach of the corporate service agreement between the Issuer and the Corporate Services Provider, is 
unable to pay its debts as they fall due or becomes subject to insolvency or other related proceedings. The 
Corporate Services Provider may retire upon 90 days’ written notice subject to the appointment of an 
alternative Corporate Services Provider on similar terms to the existing Corporate Services Provider. The 
business address of the Corporate Services Provider is 2nd Floor, Block 5, Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street 
Lower, Dublin D01 P767, Ireland. 
Financial Statements  
The financial year of the Issuer begins on 1 January of each year and ends on 31 December of the same 
year, save that the first financial year started on the date of incorporation of the Issuer and ended on 31 
December 2020.  
In accordance with the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended), the Issuer is obliged to publish its annual 
accounts on an annual basis following approval of the annual accounts by the annual general meeting of 
its shareholders. Following the issuance of the first series of EUA Linked Securities, the Issuer shall publish 
unaudited half-yearly financial statements. 
Since the date of incorporation, the Issuer has prepared audited financial statements for (i) the period from 
its incorporation (being 21 November 2019) to 31 December 2020, (ii) the period from 1 January 2021 to 
31 December 2021 and (iii) the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. Any future published 
annual audited financial statements prepared for the Issuer will be obtainable free of charge in physical or 
electronic form at the registered office of the Issuer, the office of the Issuing and Paying Agent.  
No dividends have been paid since the date of incorporation of the Issuer. 
Statutory auditors 
The auditors of the Issuer are Deloitte & Touche who are chartered accountants and are members of the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland (ICAI) and are qualified to practise as auditors in Ireland. 
The address of Deloitte & Touche is 29 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 AY28, Ireland.

--- Page 129 ---
128 
DESCRIPTION OF THE EUA DISPOSAL AGENT, THE EUA CUSTODIAN AND THE 
PROGRAMME ADMINISTRATOR 
Programme Administrator: UBS AG, London branch  
The information in this section has been accurately reproduced from information published by UBS AG, 
London branch (“UBS”) and has been included to provide disclosure for where UBS acts as the Programme 
Administrator. So far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by UBS no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
Incorporation, Registered Office and Objectives 
The legal and commercial name of the Programme Administrator is UBS AG. 
The Programme Administrator was incorporated under the name SBC AG on 28 February 1978 for an 
unlimited duration and entered in the Commercial Register of Canton Basel-City on that day. On 8 
December 1997, the Programme Administrator changed its name to UBS AG. The Programme 
Administrator in its present form was created on 29 June 1998 by the merger of Union Bank of Switzerland 
(founded 1862) and Swiss Bank Corporation (founded 1872). UBS AG is entered in the Commercial 
Registers of Canton Zurich and Canton Basel-City. The registration number is CHE-101.329.561. 
UBS AG is incorporated and domiciled in Switzerland and operates under the Swiss Code of Obligations 
as an Aktiengesellschaft, a corporation limited by shares. UBS AG’s Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code is 
BFM8T61CT2L1QCEMIK50. 
According to article 2 of the articles of association of UBS AG dated as of 4 April 2023 (“Articles of 
Association”), the purpose of UBS AG is the operation of a bank. Its scope of operations extends to all 
types of banking, financial, advisory, trading and service activities in Switzerland and abroad. UBS AG may 
establish branches and representative offices as well as banks, finance companies and other enterprises 
of any kind in Switzerland and abroad, hold equity interests in these companies, and conduct their 
management. UBS AG is authorized to acquire, mortgage and sell real estate and building rights in 
Switzerland and abroad. UBS AG may borrow and invest money on the capital markets. UBS AG is part 
of the group of companies controlled by the group parent company UBS Group AG. It may promote the 
interests of the group parent company or other group companies. It may provide loans, guarantees and 
other kinds of financing and security for group companies. 
The addresses and telephone numbers of UBS AG’s two registered offices and principal places of business 
are: Bahnhofstrasse 45, 8001 Zurich, Switzerland, telephone +41 44 234 1111; and Aeschenvorstadt 1, 
4051 Basel, Switzerland, telephone +41 61 288 5050. 
Business 
UBS AG with its subsidiaries (together, “UBS AG consolidated”, or “UBS AG Group”; together with UBS 
Group AG, which is the holding company of UBS AG, and its subsidiaries, “UBS Group”, “Group”, “UBS” 
or “UBS Group AG consolidated”) provides financial advice and solutions to private, institutional and 
corporate clients worldwide, as well as private clients in Switzerland. The operational structure of the Group 
is comprised of the Group Functions and four business divisions: Global Wealth Management, Personal & 
Corporate Banking, Asset Management and the Investment Bank. 
Share Capital and Group Structure 
UBS AG is a Swiss bank and the parent company of the UBS AG Group. It is 100 per cent. owned by UBS 
Group AG, which is the holding company of the UBS Group. UBS AG operates as a group with four 
business divisions and Group Functions. 
In 2014, UBS began adapting its legal entity structure in response to too-big-to-fail requirements and other 
regulatory initiatives. First, UBS Group AG was established as the ultimate parent holding company for the

--- Page 130 ---
129 
Group. In 2015, UBS AG transferred its personal & corporate banking and Swiss-booked wealth 
management businesses to the newly established UBS Switzerland AG, a banking subsidiary of UBS AG 
in Switzerland. That same year, UBS Business Solutions AG, a wholly owned subsidiary of UBS Group 
AG, was established and acts as the Group service company. In 2016, UBS Americas Holding LLC became 
the intermediate holding company for UBS’s US subsidiaries and UBS’s wealth management subsidiaries 
across Europe were merged into UBS Europe SE, UBS’s German-headquartered European subsidiary. In 
2019, UBS Limited, UBS’s UK headquartered subsidiary, was merged into UBS Europe SE. On 12 June 
2023, Credit Suisse Group AG merged with and into UBS Group AG (Absorptionsfusion), becoming the 
holding company of Credit Suisse AG. UBS expects further changes to the Group’s legal structure following 
such acquisition. 
UBS AG is the parent company of, and conducts a significant portion of its operations through, its 
subsidiaries. UBS AG has contributed a significant portion of its capital and provides substantial liquidity 
to subsidiaries. In addition, UBS Business Solutions AG provides substantial services to group companies 
including UBS AG and its subsidiaries. To this extent, UBS AG is dependent on certain of the entities of 
the UBS AG Group and of the UBS Group. 
Financial Year 
The financial year of UBS AG is equivalent to the calendar year. 
Statutory Auditors 
The auditors of UBS AG are Ernst & Young Ltd. of Aeschengraben 27, 4051 Basel, Switzerland (“Ernst & 
Young”). 
Financial Statements 
The latest annual financial statements of UBS AG are the annual financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022. They were audited by Ernst & Young and contain an opinion from Ernst & 
Young which was not qualified. Annual financial statements of UBS AG will be made available on 
https://www.ubs.com/global/en/investor-relations/financial-information/esef-filings.html. 
EUA Disposal Agent: UBS Asset Management (UK) Limited  
The information in this section has been accurately reproduced from information published by UBS Asset 
Management (UK) Limited and has been included to provide disclosure for where the Final Terms for any 
Series specifies UBS Asset Management (UK) Limited as the EUA Disposal Agent. So far as the Issuer is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by UBS Asset Management (UK) Limited, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
UBS Asset Management (UK) Ltd was incorporated in England on 19 February 1981 and is authorised 
and regulated in the UK in the conduct of financial services and investment management activities by the 
FCA. UBS Asset Management (UK) Ltd is part of UBS Asset Management, a business group of UBS Asset 
Management Switzerland AG.  
The principal activity of UBS Asset Management (UK) Ltd is the provision of investment management 
services. 
EUA Custodian: UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch  
The information in this section has been accurately reproduced from information published by UBS Europe 
SE, Luxembourg branch (“UBS Luxembourg”) and has been included to provide disclosure for where 
UBS Luxembourg acts as the EUA Custodian. So far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by UBS Luxembourg no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 131 ---
130 
Establishment and Place of Business 
UBS Luxembourg is a branch of UBS Europe SE, a credit institution constituted in the form of a Societas 
Europaea, authorised under German Law. 
UBS Europe SE is subject to the joint prudential supervision of the European Central Bank (Sonnemannstr. 
22, D-60314 Frankfurt am Main), the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für 
Franzdienstleistungsaufsicht) and the central bank of Germany (Deutsche Bundesbank). UBS 
Luxembourg is furthermore supervised by the Luxembourg prudential supervisory authority, the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”, 282 Route d’Arlon, L-1150 Luxembourg), 
in its role as host Member State authority. 
UBS Luxembourg was established on 22 June 2016 under the name “UBS Deutschland AG, Luxembourg 
Branch” in the context of the merger by acquisition (the “Merger”) of UBS (Luxembourg) S.A., as 
transferring company, into UBS Deutschland AG, as absorbing company. 
On the legal effective date of the Merger (1 December 2016): 
(i) 
UBS Deutschland AG adopted the legal form of a European Company (SE) named UBS Europe 
SE; 
(ii) 
UBS Deutschland AG, Luxembourg Branch was renamed UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg Branch; 
(iii) 
all the assets and liabilities of UBS (Luxembourg) S.A. were transferred to UBS Europe SE; and 
(iv) 
UBS (Luxembourg) S.A. ceased to exist. 
As of 1 December 2016, all activities of UBS (Luxembourg) S.A. have been continued by UBS 
Luxembourg. 
The place of business of UBS Luxembourg is at 33A, Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg (telephone number: (+352) 45.12.11). 
UBS Europe SE is established at Bockenheimer Landstraße 2-4, 60306 Frankfurt am Main, Germany. 
UBS Luxembourg is registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de commerce 
et des sociétés, Luxembourg) under number B209123. 
UBS Europe SE is registered with the Register of Commerce of Frankfurt under number HRB 107046. 
Business 
The main activities of UBS Luxembourg are wealth management, structured solutions for key clients, 
custodian bank services and the service hub that provides services to other UBS Group entities. 
Share Capital 
The registered share capital of UBS Europe SE amounts to EUR 446,001,000.00 (four hundred forty-six 
million one thousand euro). The registered share capital is divided into 446,001,000 (four hundred forty-
six million one thousand) shares with a nominal value of EUR 1.00 (one euro). 
Ownership 
UBS Luxembourg is a branch of UBS Europe SE. UBS Europe SE is a wholly owned subsidiary of UBS 
AG. 
Financial Year 
The financial year of UBS Europe SE is equivalent to the calendar year. 
Statutory Auditors 
The auditor of UBS Europe SE is Ernst & Young GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft of 
Mergenthalerallee 3-5, 65760 Eschborn, Germany.

--- Page 132 ---
131 
Financial Statements 
The latest annual financial statements of UBS Europe SE are the annual financial statements for the 
financial year ended 31 December 2022. They were audited by Ernst & Young GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
and 
contain 
an 
opinion 
from 
Ernst 
& 
Young 
GmbH 
Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft which was not qualified. Annual financial statements of UBS Europe will 
be made available on https://www.ubs.com/de/de/ubs-germany/financial-reports.html.

--- Page 133 ---
132 
TAXATION  
The following is a summary of certain aspects of the tax treatment in respect of payments of the Issuer 
and amounts paid in respect of the EUA Linked Securities by the Issuer (or an agent appointed by it) in 
accordance with the terms and conditions of such EUA Linked Securities, based on the laws and practices 
currently in force which are subject to change after the date of this Base Prospectus and which changes 
could be made on a retrospective basis.  
The summary does not purport to be exhaustive and does not constitute tax or legal advice and the 
comments below are of a general nature only. With respect to certain structured financial instruments, such 
as the EUA Linked Securities, it may be the case that in certain jurisdictions there is currently neither case 
law nor comments of the financial authorities as to the tax treatment of such financial instruments. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that the relevant financial authorities and courts or the paying agents in such 
jurisdictions may adopt a view different from that summarised below. Each investor should consult a tax 
adviser as to the tax consequences relating to its particular circumstances resulting from the purchase, 
holding, sale and redemption of the EUA Linked Securities and the receipt of payments thereon under the 
laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile. 
Investors should be aware that the tax legislation of any jurisdiction where an investor in EUA Linked 
Securities is resident or otherwise subject to taxation (as well as Ireland and the other jurisdictions 
discussed below) may have an impact on the tax consequences of an investment in the EUA Linked 
Securities including in respect of any profit, income or gains received from the EUA Linked Securities. The 
tax consequences for each investor in the EUA Linked Securities can be different and therefore investors 
and counterparties are advised to consult with their tax advisers as to their specific consequences. 
German Taxation 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the purchasing, holding and 
disposing of the EUA Linked Securities. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax 
considerations relating to the EUA Linked Securities. In particular, this discussion does not consider any 
specific facts or circumstances that may apply to a particular Securityholder of the EUA Linked Securities. 
The discussions that follow are based upon the applicable German laws in force and their interpretation 
on the date of this Base Prospectus. These tax laws and interpretations are subject to change that may 
occur after such date, even with retrospective effect. 
Prospective Securityholders of the EUA Linked Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to the 
particular tax consequences of subscribing for, purchasing, holding and disposing of the EUA Linked 
Securities, including the application and effect of any federal, state or local taxes, under the tax laws of 
Germany and each country of which they are resident or citizens. 
Income Tax 
EUA Linked Securities Held by Individual Tax Residents as Private Assets 
Where the EUA Linked Securities are held by an individual investor who has a residence or his habitual 
abode in Germany among his private assets for tax purposes (steuerliches Privatvermögen – “German 
Private Investor”), any income received with respect to the EUA Linked Securities (in particular capital 
gains realised upon the sale or the redemption of the EUA Linked Securities) is taxed as investment income 
(Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) at a flat tax rate of 25 per cent. (Abgeltungsteuer) (plus a 5.5 per cent. 
solidarity surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) thereon and church tax (Kirchensteuer), if applicable). German 
Private Investors are entitled to a lump-sum tax allowance (Sparer-Pauschbetrag) for their entire 
investment income of up to €1,000 per year (€2,000 for German Private Investors filing jointly). Capital 
gain is generally determined as the difference between the Final or Early Redemption Amount (including 
any Specified Interest Amount, if any) from a disposal of EUA Linked Securities and their relevant

--- Page 134 ---
133 
acquisition costs. A deduction of related expenses for tax purposes is not possible. In addition, German 
Private Investors will only be able to offset losses realised upon the sale or redemption of the EUA Linked 
Securities against other investment income (e.g., interest income) but not against other types of income 
(e.g., employment income). Losses not utilised in one year may be carried forward into subsequent years 
but may not be carried back into preceding years. 
Capital losses from the sale or redemption of the EUA Linked Securities held as private assets should 
generally be tax-recognized irrespective of the holding period of the EUA Linked Securities. 
Losses incurred by a German Private Investor under the EUA Linked Securities resulting, inter alia, from 
(i) a bad debt (Forderungsausfall), i.e., should the Issuer become insolvent, from (ii) a waiver of a 
receivable (Forderungsverzicht), to the extent the waiver does not qualify as a hidden contribution, from 
(iii) a worthless expiry of the EUA Linked Securities, from (iv) a disposal of EUA Linked Securities, which 
have expired worthless, or from (v) any other shortfall (sonstigen Ausfall) of EUA Linked Securities can be 
set off up to €20,000 against other investment income. Such losses exceeding €20,000 can be carried 
forward and set off up to €20,000 in later tax assessment periods, subject to certain requirements. Any 
tax-deductible losses in accordance with the foregoing will not be considered for withholding tax purposes 
by the Domestic Paying Agent (as described below) but need to be claimed by a German Private Investor 
by way of tax assessment. The solidarity surcharge shall only be levied for wage tax and income tax 
purposes if the individual income tax of the Securityholder exceeds the threshold of EUR 17,543 (EUR 
35,086 for jointly assessed investors) in the assessment period 2023 and EUR 18,130 (EUR 36,260 for 
jointly assessed investors) as of the assessment period 2024. The solidarity surcharge shall remain in 
place for purposes of the withholding tax, the flat tax regime, and the corporate income tax. If in case of 
flat tax, the income tax burden for a German Private Investor is lower than the flat tax of 25 per cent., the 
German Private Investor can apply for its capital investment income being assessed at its individual 
progressive rates in which case solidarity surcharge would be refunded. 
As a matter of principle, the tax on the investment income is collected by way of withholding. If the EUA 
Linked Securities are kept or administered in a domestic securities deposit account by a German credit or 
financial services institution (inländisches Kredit oder Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut) or by a German branch 
of a foreign credit or financial services institution, or by a German securities institution (Wertpapierinstitut) 
(together, the “Domestic Paying Agent”) from the time that they are acquired, a 25 per cent. withholding 
tax, plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the German Private Investor, 
church tax, is levied on capital gains from the sale or the redemption of the EUA Linked Securities, resulting 
in a total withholding tax charge of 26.375 per cent. If the EUA Linked Securities are sold after being 
transferred to a Domestic Paying Agent, the 25 per cent. withholding tax (plus 5.5 per cent. solidarity 
surcharge thereon and, if applicable to the German Private Investor, church tax) would be levied on 30 per 
cent. of the proceeds from the sale, unless the German Private Investor or the previous account bank was 
able and allowed to provide evidence of the German Private Investor’s actual acquisition costs to the 
Domestic Paying Agent. The applicable withholding tax rate is in excess of the aforementioned rates if 
church tax is applicable to the German Private Investor. In this case the collection of church tax on capital 
gains from the sale or redemption of the EUA Linked Securities is provided for as a standard procedure 
unless the Securityholder has filed a blocking notice (Sperrvermerk) with the German Federal Central Tax 
Office (Bundeszentralamt für Steuern). The lump-sum tax allowance mentioned above will be taken into 
account in determining the withholding tax if the German Private Investor files a withholding tax exemption 
request (Freistellungsauftrag) with the respective Domestic Paying Agent where the securities deposit 
account, to which the EUA Linked Securities are allocated, is held. 
To the extent the flat tax was accurately withheld and paid by the Domestic Paying Agent, any income tax 
liability of the German Private Investor will generally be satisfied (i.e. in such case, a German Private 
Investor is not obliged to include the respective investment income in its tax return or to pay additional 
taxes thereon). Notwithstanding such final withholding flat tax concept, a German Private Investor may 
apply for a tax assessment at the flat tax rate (Wahlveranlagung zum pauschalen Steuersatz); such

--- Page 135 ---
134 
optional tax assessment can lead to a favourable tax treatment (e.g., in cases where the lump-sum tax 
allowance or tax-losses from other investment income has not been taken into consideration for 
determination of the withholding tax at the level of the Domestic Paying Agent). Further, a German Private 
Investor may apply for a tax assessment in respect of his entire investment income (including income from 
the EUA Linked Securities) at its individual tax rate if such individual tax rate is lower than 25 per cent. 
(Wahlveranlagung zum individuellen Steuersatz). 
If no Domestic Paying Agent is involved in the payment process or no or insufficient withholding tax was 
withheld, a German Private Investor will have to include its income on the EUA Linked Securities in its tax 
return and the flat income tax of 25 per cent., plus a 5.5 per cent. solidarity surcharge thereon and church 
tax, if any, will be collected by way of tax assessment (Pflichtveranlagung zum pauschalen Steuersatz).  
EUA Linked Securities held by Tax Residents as Business Assets 
If the EUA Linked Securities are held by an individual investor who has a residence or his habitual abode 
in Germany among its business assets for tax purposes (steuerliches Betriebsvermögen; such an investor 
a “German Business Investor”) any income from the EUA Linked Securities is subject to German trade 
tax (Gewerbesteuer) at an effective trade tax rate between approximately 7 per cent. and 17.5 per cent. 
depending on the municipal trade tax levy factor; trade tax is only levied to the extent the entire business 
income exceeds a tax exemption amount of €24,500. Further, income from the EUA Linked Securities is 
subject to individual income tax at a progressive rate of up to 45 per cent. (plus solidarity surcharge thereon 
and, if applicable, church tax). The trade tax burden may not be deducted from the tax base for income tax 
purposes; however, the German Business Investor may set off trade tax effectively levied on his business 
income on a lump-sum basis against his individual income tax liability depending on the particular 
circumstances. Losses realised on the sale or upon redemption of the EUA Linked Securities may be offset 
in particular against other items of positive income subject to the general tax rules, since the EUA Linked 
Securities should not qualify as derivatives (Termingeschäft) in accordance with the view of the German 
tax authorities. 
If the EUA Linked Securities are held by a corporate investor that is tax resident in Germany (i.e., a fully 
taxable corporation with its statutory seat or place of effective management in Germany – “German 
Corporate Investor”), any income from the EUA Linked Securities is subject to German trade tax 
(Gewerbesteuer) at an effective trade tax rate between approximately 7 per cent. and 17.5 per cent. 
depending on the municipal trade tax levy factor. Further, income from the EUA Linked Securities is subject 
to corporate income tax at a rate of 15 per cent. (plus solidarity surcharge thereon leading to an effective 
corporate income tax rate of 15.825 per cent.); any trade tax levied at the level of the German Corporate 
Investor may not be deducted for the purposes of determining the corporate income tax base. Any losses 
realised upon the sale or redemption of the EUA Linked Securities may generally be offset against other 
items of positive income subject to the general tax rules. 
In the case of a German Corporate Investor and – upon formal application – in the case of a German 
Business Investor, no withholding tax on capital gains from the sale or redemption of EUA Linked Securities 
will be levied by a Domestic Paying Agent. Any withholding tax effectively levied by a Domestic Paying 
Agent is generally fully creditable against the German Business Investor’s individual income tax liability or 
refundable, as the case may be. 
EUA Linked Securities Held by Non-Tax Residents 
Income derived from the EUA Linked Securities by Securityholders who are not tax resident in Germany 
is in general outside the scope of German taxation, and no withholding tax shall be levied, provided 
however that (a) the EUA Linked Securities are not held as business assets of a German permanent 
establishment of the investor or by a permanent German representative of the investor, and (b) the EUA 
Linked Securities are not presented for payment or credit at the offices of a German credit or financial 
services institution including a German branch of a foreign credit or financial services institution (over-the-
counter transaction).

--- Page 136 ---
135 
If the income derived from the EUA Linked Securities is subject to German taxation under (a) above, the 
income is subject to taxation similar to that described above under “German Taxation – Income Tax – EUA 
Linked Securities Held by Tax Residents as Business Assets”. If the income derived from the EUA Linked 
Securities is subject to German taxation under (b) above, the payment of withholding tax will generally 
satisfy any German income tax liability of the Securityholders in respect of such investment income. In 
certain circumstances, foreign investors may benefit from tax reductions or tax exemptions under 
applicable double tax treaties (Doppelbesteuerungsabkommen) entered into with Germany. 
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
The transfer of EUA Linked Securities is subject to German inheritance/gift tax if the decedent/donor and/or 
the beneficiary qualify as a German tax resident for the purposes of the German inheritance/gift tax rules. 
Such German tax residency is in particular assumed if (a) the relevant person has a residence or his 
habitual abode in Germany or (b) is a German citizen living outside of Germany for less than 5 years; 
further, certain expatriates may also be regarded as tax resident for the purposes of German 
inheritance/gift tax. In addition, hereto, the (indirect) transfer of EUA Linked Securities may also be subject 
to German inheritance/gift tax if the EUA Linked Securities are attributable to a German trade or business 
for which a permanent establishment is maintained, or a permanent representative has been appointed, in 
Germany. 
The transfer is subject to inheritance/gift tax at a rate between 7 per cent. and 50 per cent. depending on 
(a) the relationship between the decedent/donor and the beneficiary and (b) the total value of the assets 
transferred; further, inheritance/gift tax is subject to de minimis tax exemptions (also depending on the 
relationship between the decedent/donor and the beneficiary). Where the EUA Linked Securities are 
attributable to a German trade or business, particular exemptions may apply. 
Other Taxes 
No stamp, issue, registration, value added, capital transfer or similar taxes or duties are payable, at 
present, in Germany in connection with the issuance, delivery or execution, or the purchase, sale or other 
disposal of the EUA Linked Securities. However, under certain circumstances entrepreneurs may choose 
liability to German VAT with regard to the sale of the EUA Linked Securities to other entrepreneurs which 
would otherwise be tax exempt. Currently, net assets tax (Vermögensteuer) is not levied in Germany. 
Irish Taxation 
The following is a summary of the principal Irish tax consequences for individuals and companies of 
ownership of the EUA Linked Securities based on the laws and practice of the Irish Revenue 
Commissioners currently in force in Ireland and may be subject to change. It deals with Securityholders 
who beneficially own their EUA Linked Securities as an investment. Particular rules not discussed below 
may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding the EUA Linked Securities, such as dealers in securities, 
trusts etc.  
Taxation of the Issuer 
The Issuer will be taxable as a “qualifying company” pursuant to Section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation 
Act, 1997 of Ireland (as amended) (the “TCA”). Profits arising to the Issuer shall be taxable at a rate 
of 25 per cent. The rules applicable in order to calculate this tax are generally the same as those applicable 
to a regular trading company. 
Deductibility of Payments on the EUA Linked Securities – Section 110 of the TCA 
Where the interest or distribution or return on the EUA Linked Securities does not represent more than a 
reasonable commercial return on the principal outstanding and is not dependent on the results of the

--- Page 137 ---
136 
company’s business, the interest or distribution in respect of the EUA Linked Securities issued should be 
deductible in determining the taxable profits of the Issuer, subject to the anti-hybrid provisions and interest 
limitation rule discussed below. 
Where the interest or distribution on the EUA Linked Securities represents more than a reasonable 
commercial return on the principal outstanding or is dependent on the results of the company’s business, 
the interest or distribution payable by the Issuer will not be deductible if: 
(a) 
it is reasonable to consider that the payment is not made, or the security to which the payment 
relates was not entered into, for bona fide commercial purposes and forms part of any arrangement 
or scheme of which the main purpose or one of the main purposes, is the avoidance of tax; or 
(b) 
the interest or distribution is paid to a person that: 
(1) 
is not resident in Ireland or is not otherwise within the charge to corporation tax in Ireland in 
respect of that distribution or return; and 
(2) 
is not a pension fund, government body or other person resident in a “relevant territory” as 
defined below who, under the laws of that “relevant territory”, is exempted from tax which 
generally applies to profits, income or gains in that territory (or, if such a person, where the 
person is a “specified person”); and 
(c) 
the interest or distribution is not subject to: 
(1) 
a tax under the laws of a “relevant territory”, without any reduction computed by reference to 
the amount of such distribution, which generally applies to profits, income or gains received 
in the “relevant territory” by persons from outside the “relevant territory”, or 
(2) 
Irish withholding tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent.). 
The provisions at (b) above will not apply where the payment is made in respect of a “specified instrument” 
(as defined below), except where the distribution or return is paid to a “specified person” and at the time 
the “specified instrument” was issued, the Issuer was in possession, or aware, of information, including 
information about any arrangement or understanding in relation to ownership of the “specified instrument” 
after that time, which could reasonably be taken to indicate that the interest or distribution which would be 
payable in respect of that “specified instrument” would not be subject, without any reduction computed by 
reference to the amount of such distribution or return, to a tax in a relevant territory which generally applies 
to profits, income or gains received in that territory, by persons, from sources outside that territory. 
The deductibility of interest or a distribution on the EUA Linked Securities that represents more than a 
reasonable commercial return on the principal outstanding or is dependent on the results of the company’s 
business is also subject to the anti-hybrid provisions and interest limitation rule discussed below. 
Where a payment is made out of the assets of the Issuer under a “specified agreement” (as defined below) 
that is dependent on the results of the Issuer’s business or any part of its business and that payment would 
not be deducted in computing the profits or gains of the Issuer if the payment was to be treated for the 
purposes of the TCA (other than Section 246 thereof) as a payment of a distribution in respect of securities 
of the Issuer other than a specified instrument that was dependent on the results of the Issuer’s business, 
that payment will be treated as a payment of a distribution for the purposes of the provisions set out at 
(a) or (b) above. 
For the purposes of this “Irish Taxation” section, the following terms have the meanings as set out below: 
A “specified person” means: 
(a) 
a company which directly or indirectly controls the Issuer, is controlled by the Issuer, or is controlled 
by a third company which also directly or indirectly controls the Issuer; or

--- Page 138 ---
137 
(b) 
a person, or persons who are connected with each other, from whom assets were acquired, or to 
whom the Issuer has made loans or advances, or to whom loans or advances held by the Issuer 
were made, or with whom the Issuer has entered into a specified agreement, where the aggregate 
value of such assets, loans, advances or agreements represents not less than 75% of the aggregate 
value of the assets of the Issuer, 
and for these purposes, a person has control of a company where that person has: 
(i) 
the power to secure: 
(A) 
by means of the holding of shares or the possession of voting power in or in relation 
to that or any other company; or 
(B) 
by virtue of any powers conferred by the constitution, articles of association or other 
document regulating that or any other company,  
that the affairs of the first-mentioned company are conducted in accordance with the wishes 
of that person; or 
(ii) 
significant influence over the first-mentioned company and holds, directly or indirectly, more 
than: 
(A) 
20 per cent. of the issued share capital of the company; 
(B) 
20 per cent. of (i) the principal value of any securities under which the consideration 
given by the company for the use of the principal secured is to any extent dependent 
on the results of the company’s business or any part of the company’s business, or 
the consideration so given represents more than a reasonable commercial return for 
the use of that principal by that company, or (ii) any such securities where those 
securities have no principal value; or 
(C) 
the right to 20 per cent. of the interest or other distribution payable in respect of any 
securities issued by the company under which the consideration given by the company 
for the use of the principal secured is to any extent dependent on the results of the 
company’s business or any part of the company’s business, or the consideration so 
given represents more than a reasonable commercial return for the use of that 
principal by that company, 
and where “significant influence” means a person with the ability to participate in the financial 
and operating decisions of a company. 
A “specified agreement” includes any agreement, arrangement or understanding that (a) provides for the 
exchange, on a fixed or contingent basis, of one or more payments based on the value, rate or amount of 
one or more interest or other rates, currencies, commodities, securities, instruments of indebtedness, 
indices, quantitative measures, or other financial or economic interests or property of any kind, or any 
interest therein or based on the value thereof, and (b) transfers to a person who is a party to the agreement, 
arrangement or understanding or to a person connected with that person, in whole or in part, the financial 
risk associated with a future change in any such value, rate or amount without also conveying a current or 
future direct or indirect ownership interest in an asset (including any enterprise or investment pool) or 
liability that incorporates the financial risk so transferred. 
A “specified instrument” means a quoted Eurobond for the purpose of Section 64 of the TCA or a 
wholesale debt instrument within the meaning of Section 246A of the TCA. 
A “relevant territory” is: 
(a) 
a Member State of the European Union other than Ireland;

--- Page 139 ---
138 
(b) 
not being such a Member State, a territory with which Ireland has a signed a double taxation 
agreement that is in effect; or 
(c) 
a territory with the government of which arrangements have been made which on completion of the 
procedures set out in Section 826(1) of the TCA will have the force of law. 
Deductibility of Payments on the EUA Linked Securities – Anti-hybrid Provisions and Interest 
Limitation Rule  
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package the EU Council adopted the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive in 
Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (“ATAD 1”). Additional measures were introduced in Council Directive 
(EU) 2017/952 (“ATAD 2”).  
Further to ATAD 1 (as amended by ATAD 2), legislation dealing with hybrid mismatches came into effect 
in Ireland on 1 January 2020. Hybrid mismatch rules are designed to neutralise arrangements where 
amounts are deductible from the income of one entity but are not taxable for another, or the same amounts 
are deductible for two entities. These rules could potentially apply to the Issuer where: (i) the distribution 
that it pays under the EUA Linked Securities, and claims deductions from its taxable income for, is not 
brought into account as taxable income by the relevant Securityholder, either because of the 
characterisation of the EUA Linked Securities or the payments made under them, or because of the nature 
of the Securityholder itself; and (ii) the mismatch arises between associated enterprises, between the 
Issuer and an associated enterprise or under a structured arrangement.  
To the extent the Issuer is deemed to be associated with any of its Securityholders, or is engaged in certain 
transactions which have, as their purpose, the exploitation of hybrid mismatches, these Irish anti-hybrid 
rules may impact the deductibility of payments by the Issuer to certain Securityholders. Associated for Irish 
tax purposes in this context includes direct and indirect participation in terms of voting rights or capital 
ownership of 25 per cent. (or more than 50 per cent. in certain circumstances) or an entitlement to receive 
25 per cent. (or more than 50 per cent. in certain circumstances) of the profits of that entity as well as 
entities that are part of a “consolidated group for financial accounting purposes” (as defined under Section 
835AA of the TCA) or enterprises that have “significant influence in the management of” the taxpayer by 
virtue of having the ability to participate, on the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the 
entity, in the financial and operating policy decisions of that entity, including where that power does not 
extend to control or joint control of that entity. 
Securityholders are not currently anticipated to be persons who would be considered associated with the 
Issuer, merely by reason of holding EUA Linked Securities. 
Further to ATAD 1, legislation dealing with the “interest limitation rule” came into effect in Ireland for 
accounting periods commencing on or after 1 January 2022. The interest limitation rule restricts the 
deductible interest of an entity to 30 per cent. of its earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and 
amortisation (“EBITDA”) (there is a de minimis threshold of EUR 3,000,000 per accounting period of 12 
months). However, the interest limitation only applies to the net borrowing costs of an entity (being the 
amount by which its borrowing costs exceed its taxable interest revenues and other economically 
equivalent taxable revenues). Thus, if an entity has net interest income for an accounting period (i.e. no 
exceeding borrowing costs, or its exceeding borrowing costs do not exceed the higher of 30 per cent. of 
the entity’s tax-adjusted EBITDA or the de minimis threshold), a restriction does not apply.  
The ‘group ratio’ and ‘equity ratio’ provisions of the ATAD 1 interest limitation rule have also been 
introduced and the equity ratio provisions are available to an entity which qualifies as a “single company 
worldwide group” (as defined in Section 835AY of the TCA). The equity ratio permits a company whose 
ratio of equity to total assets in an accounting period is 98 per cent. or more of the group’s ratio for the 
accounting period to elect to apply the equity ratio rule and therefore disapply the interest limitation 
provision for the accounting period. Where a company is a “single company worldwide group” and no 
amount is owed by the company to its “associated enterprises” which gives rise to deductible interest

--- Page 140 ---
139 
equivalent, the company’s equity ratio should always be the same as that of the group so that the company 
could elect to apply the equity ratio and thereby disapply the interest limitation rule. 
A “single company worldwide group” means a company that is not a member of a “worldwide group”, a 
member of an “interest group”, or a “standalone entity” (terms as defined under Part 35D of the TCA). It is 
expected that the Issuer should qualify as a “single company worldwide group” provided that it is not a 
member of a “worldwide group” (e.g. where the full amount of its income, expenses, assets, and liabilities 
are not consolidated on a line by line basis in ultimate consolidated financial statements prepared under 
generally accepted accounting practice, IFRS or an “alternative body of accounting standards” (as 
defined)) and it does not elect to be a member of an interest group (which it could not do in any case unless 
it was a member of a worldwide group or an Irish corporate tax loss group). If the Issuer qualifies as a 
“single company worldwide group” and does not owe any amount which gives rise to deductible interest 
equivalent to an entity which is an “associated enterprise” in respect of the Issuer, the Issuer should be 
able to elect to apply the equity ratio in its annual Irish corporation tax return and thereby disapply the 
interest limitation rule.  
Deductibility of Payments – Specified Property Business 
Finance Act 2016 and Finance Act 2017 contained rules which restrict the deductibility of interest or 
distributions paid by a “qualifying company” such as the Issuer where such interest or distribution is profit 
dependent or exceeds a reasonable commercial return to the extent such interest or distribution is 
attributable to a “specified property business” of the “qualifying company” (as defined in Section 110(5A) 
of the TCA).  
A “specified property business” is defined as a business, or such part of a business, that involves the 
holding, managing or both the holding and managing of “specified mortgages”, units in an Irish Real Estate 
Fund (within the meaning of Chapter 1B of Part 27 of the TCA) or shares that derive their value or the 
greater part of their value from Irish land, subject to a number of exceptions. A “specified mortgage” for 
this purpose is defined under Section 110(5A)(a) of the TCA as (a) a loan which is secured on, and which 
derives its value from, or the greater part of its value from, directly or indirectly, Irish land, (b) a “specified 
agreement” (a return agreement as defined in Section 110(1) of the TCA) which derives all of its value, or 
the greater part of its value, directly or indirectly, from Irish land or a loan to which (a) applies, or (c) the 
portion of a “specified security” (a security where Section 110(4) of the TCA would, or would but for 
subsection (5A) of Section 110 of the TCA, apply to any interest or other distribution payable thereon) as 
is attributable to the specified property business in accordance with Section 110(5A) of the TCA.  
As such, if:  
(a) 
the Issuer does not carry on a “specified property business”, or  
(b) 
the distribution or return payable on the EUA Linked Securities (to the extent such distribution or 
return is attributable to a “specified property business” of the Issuer) does not exceed a reasonable 
commercial return for the use of the principal advanced under the EUA Linked Securities or the 
Securityholder is a person who is within the charge to corporation tax in Ireland in respect of any 
distribution or return payable under those EUA Linked Securities,  
the distribution or return payable under the EUA Linked Securities should not cease to be deductible for 
the Issuer for Irish tax purposes. 
Taxation of Securityholders 
Persons Subject to Irish Income or Corporation Tax 
In general, persons who are resident in Ireland are liable to Irish taxation on their world-wide income 
whereas persons who are not resident in Ireland are only liable to Irish taxation on their Irish source income. 
All persons are under a statutory obligation to account for Irish tax on a self-assessment basis and there 
is no requirement for the Irish Revenue Commissioners to issue or raise an assessment.

--- Page 141 ---
140 
Any interest paid and discounts realised on the EUA Linked Securities have an Irish source and therefore 
the interest earned and discounts realised on such EUA Linked Securities will be regarded as Irish source 
income. Accordingly, pursuant to general Irish tax rules, a non-Irish resident person in receipt of such 
income would be technically liable to Irish income tax (and the universal social charge if received by an 
individual) subject to the provisions of any applicable double tax treaty. 
Ireland has currently 76 double tax treaties of which 74 are in effect and the majority of them exempt 
interest (which sometimes includes discounts) from Irish tax when received by a resident of the other 
jurisdiction. Credit is available for any Irish tax withheld from income on account of the related income tax 
liability. Non-Irish resident companies, where the income is not attributable to a branch or agency of the 
company in Ireland, are subject to income tax at the standard rate. Therefore, any withholding tax suffered 
should be equal to and in satisfaction of the full income tax liability (Non-Irish resident companies operating 
in Ireland through a branch or agency of the company in Ireland to which the income is attributable would 
be subject to Irish corporation tax). 
There is an exemption from Irish income tax under Section 198 of the TCA in certain circumstances. These 
circumstances include: 
(a) 
where the interest is paid by a company in the ordinary course of business carried on by it to a 
company (i) which, by virtue of the law of a relevant territory, is resident in the relevant territory for 
the purposes of tax, and that relevant territory imposes a tax that generally applies to interest 
receivable in that territory by companies from sources outside that territory, or (ii) where the interest 
is either (A) exempted from the charge to income tax under arrangements made with the 
government of a territory outside Ireland having the force of law under procedures set out in 
Section 826(1) of the TCA, or (B) would be exempted from the charge to income tax if arrangements 
made, on or before the date of payment of the interest with the government of a territory outside 
Ireland that do not have force of law under procedures set out in Section 826(1) of the TCA, had the 
force of law when the interest was paid; 
(b) 
where the interest or distribution is paid by a qualifying company within the meaning of Section 110 
of the TCA out of the assets of that qualifying company to a person who is resident in a relevant 
territory (residence to be determined under the laws of that relevant territory); 
(c) 
where the interest is payable on a quoted Eurobond (as per Section 64 of the TCA) and is paid by 
a company to a person who is resident in a relevant territory (residence to be determined under the 
laws of that relevant territory) or to a company controlled, either directly or indirectly by a person or 
persons who are resident in a relevant territory and are not controlled, either directly or indirectly by 
persons who are not so resident; or 
(d) 
where discounts arise to a person in respect of securities issued by a company in the ordinary 
course of a trade or business, where that person is resident in a relevant territory (residence to be 
determined under the laws of that relevant territory). 
Any interest paid on the EUA Linked Securities and discounts realised which do not fall within the 
exemptions in Section 198 of the TCA are within the charge to Irish income tax to the extent that a double 
tax treaty does not exempt the interest or discount as the case may be. However, it is understood that the 
Irish Revenue Commissioners have, in the past, operated a practice (as a consequence of the absence of 
a collection mechanism rather than adopted policy) whereby no action will be taken to pursue any liability 
to such Irish tax in respect of persons who are regarded as not being resident in Ireland except where such 
persons: 
(i) 
are chargeable in the name of a person (including a trustee) or in the name of an agent or branch 
in Ireland having the management or control of the interest; or 
(ii) 
seek to claim relief and/or repayment of tax deducted at source in respect of taxed income from 
Irish sources; or

--- Page 142 ---
141 
(iii) 
are chargeable to Irish corporation tax on the income of an Irish branch or agency or to income tax 
on the profits of a trade carried on in Ireland to which the interest is attributable. 
There can be no assurance that the Irish Revenue Commissioners will apply this practice in the case of 
the holders of EUA Linked Securities and, as mentioned above, there is a statutory obligation to account 
for Irish tax on a self-assessment basis and there is no requirement for the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
to issue or raise an assessment. 
Encashment Tax 
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the current rate of 25 per cent. from 
interest or a distribution paid on any EUA Linked Security, where such interest or distribution is collected 
or realised by a bank or encashment agent in Ireland on behalf of any Securityholder. There is an 
exemption from encashment tax where the beneficial owner of the interest or distribution is not resident in 
Ireland and has made a declaration to this effect in the prescribed form to the encashment agent or bank. 
Capital Gains Tax on Disposal of EUA Linked Securities 
Persons who are resident in Ireland or companies which carry on a trade in Ireland through a branch or 
agency to which the EUA Linked Securities are attributable and who realize a gain on the disposal of a 
EUA Linked Security may be liable to Irish taxation on capital gains at a rate of 33 per cent. of the amount 
of the chargeable capital gain. Individuals who are neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and 
companies that are not resident in Ireland and do not carry on a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency 
to which the EUA Linked Securities are attributable will not be subject to Irish capital gains tax on the 
disposal of EUA Linked Securities. 
Stamp Duty 
For so long as the Issuer is a “qualifying company” within the meaning of Section 110 of the TCA, Irish 
stamp duty will not be imposed on the issue or transfer of the EUA Linked Securities provided the money 
raised by the issue of the EUA Linked Securities is used in the course of the Issuer’s business. 
Capital Acquisitions Tax 
A gift or inheritance of EUA Linked Securities will be subject to capital acquisitions tax (“CAT”) if either the 
disposer or the beneficiary of the EUA Linked Securities is resident or ordinary resident in Ireland or if any 
of the EUA Linked Securities are regarded as property situate in Ireland. CAT is a tax imposed primarily 
on the beneficiary. It is currently payable at a rate of 33 per cent. on the taxable value of the gift or 
inheritance subject to tax free thresholds. Gifts and inheritances between spouses are exempt from CAT. 
FATCA Implementation in Ireland 
On 21 December 2012, the Governments of Ireland and the United States signed the Ireland IGA. In 
July 2014, Ireland enacted Financial Accounts Reporting (United States of America) Regulations 2014 (the 
“Irish FATCA Regulations”). 
The Ireland IGA and Irish FATCA Regulations increased the amount of tax information automatically 
exchanged between Ireland and the United States. They provide for the automatic reporting and exchange 
of information in relation to accounts held in Irish “financial institutions” by U.S. persons and the reciprocal 
exchange of information regarding U.S. financial accounts held by Irish residents. 
The Issuer intends to carry on its business in such a way as to ensure that it is treated as complying with 
FATCA pursuant to the terms of the Ireland IGA and the Irish FATCA Regulations. The Issuer expects to 
be treated as a “financial institution”. The Issuer is required to register with the US Internal Revenue Service 
as a “reporting financial institution” for FATCA purposes. In order for the Issuer to comply with its FATCA 
obligations it is required to report certain information to the Irish Revenue Commissioners relating to 
Securityholders who, for FATCA purposes, are specified US persons, non-participating financial 
institutions or passive non-financial foreign entities (“NFFEs”) that are controlled by specified US persons.

--- Page 143 ---
142 
Any information reported by the Issuer to the Irish Revenue Commissioners will be communicated to the 
US Internal Revenue Service pursuant to the IGA. It is possible that the Irish Revenue Commissioners 
may also communicate this information to other tax authorities pursuant to the terms of any applicable 
double tax treaty, intergovernmental agreement or exchange of information regime. 
The Issuer shall be entitled to require Securityholders to provide any information regarding their FATCA 
status, identity or residency required by the Issuer to satisfy its FATCA obligations. Securityholders will be 
deemed, by their subscription for or holding of EUA Linked Securities to have authorised the automatic 
disclosure of such information by the Issuer or any other authorised person to the relevant tax authorities. 
The Issuer should not generally be subject to FATCA withholding tax in respect of its US source income 
for so long as it complies with its FATCA obligations. However, FATCA withholding tax may arise on US 
source payments to the Issuer if the Issuer does not comply with its FATCA registration and reporting 
obligations and the US Internal Revenue Service has specifically identified the Issuer as being a 
‘non-participating financial institution’ for FATCA purposes. In addition, the Issuer may be unable to comply 
with its FATCA obligations if Securityholders do not provide the required certifications or information. 
Securityholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the potential implication of the reporting 
requirements imposed on the Issuer by FATCA before investing. 
The Common Reporting Standard 
On 21 July 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters 
was published by the OECD and this includes the Common Reporting Standard (the “CRS”). The CRS 
provides that certain entities (known as Financial Institutions) shall identify “Accounts” (as defined, broadly 
equity and debt interests in the Financial Institution) held by persons who are tax resident in another CRS 
participating jurisdiction. That information is then subject to annual automatic exchange between 
governments in CRS participating jurisdictions. 
Directive 2014/107/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation (“DAC II”) implements the 
CRS in a European context and creates a mandatory obligation for all EU Member States to exchange 
financial account information in respect of residents in other EU Member States on an annual basis. 
Ireland has provided for the implementation of CRS through Section 891F of the TCA and the enactment 
of the Returns of Certain Information by Reporting Financial Institutions Regulations 2015 (the “CRS 
Regulations”). Irish Financial Institutions are obliged to make a single return in respect of CRS and DAC 
II. 
The Issuer is expected to constitute a Financial Institution for CRS purposes. In order to comply with its 
obligations under CRS and DAC II, the Issuer shall be entitled to require Securityholders to provide certain 
information in respect of the Securityholder’s and, in certain circumstances, their controlling persons’ tax 
status, identity or residence. Securityholders will be deemed, by their holding of the EUA Linked Securities, 
to have authorised the automatic disclosure of such information by the Issuer (or any nominated service 
provider) to the Irish Revenue Commissioners. The information will be reported by the Issuer to the Irish 
Revenue Commissioners who will then exchange the information with the tax or governmental authorities 
of other participating jurisdictions, as applicable. To the extent that the EUA Linked Securities are held 
within a recognised clearing system, the Issuer should have no reportable accounts in a tax year. 
Provided the Issuer complies with these obligations, it should be deemed compliant for CRS and DAC II 
purposes. Failure by the Issuer to comply with its CRS and DAC II obligations may result in it being deemed 
to be non-compliant in respect of its CRS obligations and monetary penalties may be imposed pursuant to 
the Irish implementing legislation.

--- Page 144 ---
143 
Liechtenstein Taxation 
Tax warning notice 
Attention is drawn to the fact that the income from the EUA Linked Securities may be affected by the tax 
legislation of the member state in which the investor is resident for tax purposes as well as in the member 
state of incorporation of the Issuer. 
Investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the detailed possible tax consequences arising 
from the subscription, purchase, holding and disposal of the EUA Linked Securities, in particular the 
consequences of the application and effect of state, regional and foreign or other tax laws as well as 
changes in the respective tax laws. 
Taxation in Liechtenstein 
Investors (natural persons) resident in Liechtenstein have to record the EUA Linked Securities in their 
annual tax declaration. Realised interest, dividends and capital gains from debt securities and shares are 
tax exempt, if the relevant debt securities are declared under the wealth tax.  
Legal entities domiciled in Liechtenstein holding debt securities must capitalize the securities at acquisition 
cost and declare as income all realised interest, dividends and capital gains from debt securities and 
shares. Payments by the Issuer and profits from the sale of the EUA Linked Securities thus represent tax-
effective income to be included in the annual accounts and taxed accordingly (taxable net income). 
Spanish Taxation 
General 
It must be noted that the tax treatment of the EUA Linked Securities is not specifically foreseen in Spanish 
legislation. Therefore, the principles contained hereunder are the ones to be applied to reach to 
conclusions as to the tax treatment of the EUA Linked Securities. 
Neither the Spanish tax authorities nor Spanish courts have ruled on the tax treatment of the EUA Linked 
Securities. 
Therefore, the following information is based on an interpretation of general principles underlying Spanish 
taxation as well as those traditionally governing official guidance issued by the Spanish Tax Authorities on 
financial products as in effect on the date hereof and is subject to any change in law that may take effect 
after such date. It is also based on the pattern that the EUA Linked Securities would be classified for tax 
purposes in Spain as debt securities. 
The following is a summary of certain Spanish tax considerations relevant to a Securityholder. This 
statement must not be understood to be tax advice. It is based on the Spanish tax laws and their 
interpretation as of the date hereof. This description does not purport to be complete with respect to the 
tax information that may be relevant for the Securityholder due to his personal circumstances. Prospective 
purchasers of the EUA Linked Securities are advised to consult their professional tax adviser regarding 
the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, disposal, redemption or transfer without consideration 
of the EUA Linked Security. 
Taxation of a Spanish Tax Resident Individual 
According to Article 25.2 of the Law 35/2006 of 28th November on Personal Income Tax (the “PIT Law” or 
“Personal Income Tax Law”) as amended, any positive or negative income earned by Spanish tax 
resident individuals from the EUA Linked Securities would be considered as yield from movable capital 
obtained from the assignment of own capital to third parties. 
In case of transfer, redemption, reimbursement, exchange or conversion, the taxable income obtained by 
the investor would be the difference between the amount received (reduced in the expenses related to the

--- Page 145 ---
144 
transfer) and the acquisition cost or subscription value (incremented in the costs related to the acquisition). 
According to the Spanish legislation, income from movable capital will be included in the so called “savings 
income taxable base”, being taxed on a net basis at the following rates as from fiscal year 2023: 19 per 
cent. for taxable income up to €6,000; 21 per cent. for taxable income between €6,000.01 and €50,000; 
23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,000.01 and €200,000; 27 per cent. for taxable income 
between €200,000.01 and €300,000 and 28 per cent. for taxable income in excess of €300,000. 
Losses derived from the transfer of the EUA Linked Securities are disregarded if securities of the same 
kind have been acquired during the period between two months before or two months after the date of the 
transfer which generates the loss. In such a case, losses will be deductible when the transfer of the 
remaining EUA Linked Securities of the Securityholder takes place. 
As regards income earned by Spanish tax resident individuals from the EUA Linked Securities, no Spanish 
withholding taxes should be deducted by the Issuer considering it is resident in Ireland, provided that it 
does not have a permanent establishment in Spain. 
However, Spanish withholding taxes on income obtained under the EUA Linked Securities may have to be 
deducted by other entities, as follows: 
(i) 
Income earned upon transfer of the EUA Linked Securities may be subject to Spanish withholding 
tax at a 19 per cent. rate to be deducted by the financial entity acting on behalf of the seller, provided 
such entity is resident for tax purposes in Spain or has a permanent establishment in the Spanish 
territory. This 19 per cent. withholding tax can be credited against the final tax liability of the investor. 
(ii) 
Income earned upon redemption or reimbursement may be subject to Spanish withholding tax at a 
19 per cent. rate to be deducted by the financial entity appointed by the Issuer (if any) for redemption 
or reimbursement of the EUA Linked Securities, provided such entity is resident for tax purposes in 
Spain or has a permanent establishment in the Spanish territory. This 19 per cent. withholding tax 
can be credited against the final tax liability of the investor. 
Taxation of a Spanish Tax Resident Company 
Any income (whether positive or negative) earned by a Spanish tax resident entity from the investment in 
the EUA Linked Securities would be included in the taxable base of the said entity in accordance with 
Spanish accounting standards, being taxed at the rate corresponding to the Securityholder (currently, 
general Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) rate is 25 per cent). Nevertheless, it should be noted that this general 
rate will not be applicable to all CIT taxpayers, as for instance, it will not apply to banking institutions (which 
will be taxed at the rate of 30 per cent.). Special rates apply in respect of certain types of entities (such as 
qualifying collective investment institutions). 
According to Article 61 of the Royal Decree 634/2015 of 10th July on Corporate Income Tax (the “CIT 
Regulations” or “Corporate Income Tax Regulations”) as amended, in case of EUA Linked Securities 
traded in a Spanish regulated market (and such securities are represented in book entries) or in any official 
organized markets of OECD countries, no withholding tax shall be applied on income derived from such 
securities. Otherwise, a 19 per cent. withholding tax should be levied provided that there is an entity obliged 
to withhold tax according to Spanish Corporate Income Tax legislation. 
Natural or legal persons tax resident outside of Spain 
Income obtained without a permanent establishment 
Pursuant to Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004 of 5th March, on Non-Resident Income Tax (the “NRIT Law” 
or “Non-Resident Income Tax Law”) as amended, income derived from the EUA Linked Securities by 
non-Spanish resident holders should not be considered as income obtained within the Spanish territory 
(and therefore, should not become taxable in Spain) as long as such non-resident investors are not acting 
in Spain through a permanent establishment in connection with the holding of the EUA Linked Securities.

--- Page 146 ---
145 
Income obtained through a permanent establishment 
Generally, income derived from the EUA Linked Securities earned by a permanent establishment located 
in Spain of a non-resident would be subject to taxation in Spain, in similar terms to Spanish tax resident 
companies, subject to any particularities arising out of any applicable double taxation treaty. 
Net Wealth Taxes 
Spanish tax resident individual investors should note that according to Law 19/1991 of 6th June on Net 
Wealth Tax (“Net Wealth Tax Law”) as amended, (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant 
legislation in each autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma)), the net worth of any Spanish tax resident 
individuals in excess of €700,000 is subject to Net Wealth Tax in respect of year 2023. 
Therefore, investors who are Spanish tax resident individuals whose net worth is above €700,000 and who 
hold EUA Linked Securities on 31 December are subject to Net Wealth Tax for such year at rates varying 
between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per cent, of the average listing price of the EUA Linked Securities during 
the last quarter of such year (or of the nominal value for non-listed EUA Linked Securities). However, 
effective tax rates may vary depending on any applicable regional tax laws, and some reductions may 
apply. 
In addition, Spanish tax resident individual investors may also be subject to the so-called temporary 
“solidarity tax on major fortunes” that was approved in December 2022 under Law 38/2022 and would be 
applicable in years 2023 and 2024. This is a two-year wealth tax that, in general terms, is similar to the 
Net Wealth Tax (i.e., applying to the same taxable events) but includes some significant differences, mainly 
(a) this “solidarity tax on major fortunes” disregards the exceptions provided under relevant legislation in 
each autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma) in relation to the Net Wealth Tax; and (b) the rates of 
the “solidarity tax on major fortunes” are (i) 1.7 per cent. on a net worth between €3 million and €5,3 million, 
(ii) 2.1 per cent. on a net worth between €5,3 million and €10,6 million and (iii) 3.5 per cent. on a net worth 
of more than €10,6 million. Notwithstanding the above, it should be noted that Spanish tax resident 
individual investors can deduct the amounts payable under the Net Wealth Tax from the tax liability owed 
under the “solidarity tax on major fortunes”, so that double taxation is avoided. 
Prospective investors are advised to seek their own professional advice in this regard. 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to these taxes. Non-Spanish tax residents, both individuals 
and companies, will not be subject to these taxes on the holding of the EUA Linked Securities.  
Inheritance and Gift Tax 
The acquisition of the EUA Linked Securities by Spanish tax resident individuals as a result of inheritance 
or gift would be subject to the general rules of the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax (as amended by each 
autonomous region (Comunidad Autónoma) where applicable and therefore subject to any regional tax 
exemptions available to them). The final effective tax rate may range from 0 per cent. (full exemption) to 
81.6 per cent. depending on various factors (such as the amount of the gift or inheritance, the net wealth 
of the heir or beneficiary of the gift, the kinship with the deceased or the donor and the qualification for tax 
benefits). These factors may vary depending on the application of the state’s or the autonomous region’s 
Inheritance Gift Tax laws. 
If the beneficiary of any inheritance or gift were a Spanish legal entity or a non-resident entity with a 
permanent establishment in Spain, any income obtained would be subject to taxation under Spanish 
Corporate Income Tax or Non-Residents Income Tax, subject to the application of any relevant double 
taxation treaty. 
In principle, non-resident individuals and non-resident entities not acting through a permanent 
establishment in the Spanish territory would not be subject to Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax on the 
acquisition of the EUA Linked Securities based on the double taxation treaty.

--- Page 147 ---
146 
Reporting Obligations 
Pursuant to Article 42 ter. of RD 1065/2007, Spanish tax residents (i.e., individuals, legal entities, 
permanent establishments in Spain of non-Spanish resident entities) shall report to the tax authorities the 
values they have abroad. The reporting obligation shall be fulfilled from 1 January until 31 March of the 
year following that for which the information refers to. However, there will be no reporting obligation for 
those values whose aggregate value is lower than €50,000. Finally, in the year after the one in which the 
information was provided, the information returns should be filed only if: the values of the values already 
reported have increased (unless the increase does not exceed €20,000); or those values are not held 
anymore. 
Indirect taxes, Other Taxes and Duties 
The acquisition of the EUA Linked Securities and any subsequent transfer thereof are not subject, or they 
are exempt from Transfer Tax and VAT and the Spanish Financial Transaction Tax. 
No Stamp Duty should be triggered provided the relevant securities do not have access to a Spanish public 
registry. 
Swiss Taxation 
Swiss Income Tax 
For private investors resident in Switzerland, an investment in the EUA Linked Securities is in principle not 
subject to income tax. The exception would be that the interest component of the payment on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date (as applicable) is considered taxable income on the 
Scheduled Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date (as applicable) for the investor who holds the product 
on the Scheduled Maturity Date or Early Redemption Date (as applicable). This amount will be determined 
and reported to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration for publication in the Kursliste (list of tax values). 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
The EUA Linked Securities are not subject to Swiss Withholding Tax. 
Swiss Transfer Stamp Duty 
The EUA Linked Securities do not qualify as a taxable security (TK23/3). 
UK Taxation 
The following is a summary of the Issuer’s understanding of current UK tax law as applied in England and 
Wales and HM Revenue & Customs (“HMRC”) practice (which may not be binding on HMRC), in each 
case as at the date of this Base Prospectus, relating to certain aspects of the UK tax treatment of the EUA 
Linked Securities. The comments do not deal with other UK tax aspects of acquiring, holding or disposing 
of the EUA Linked Securities. 
The following relates to investors who are individuals (i.e., natural persons) acting in a private capacity and 
who are resident and domiciled in the UK for tax purposes (“UK Individuals”) or that are legal persons 
within the charge to UK corporation tax and hold the EUA Linked Securities as an investment. The 
summary relates only to the position of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the EUA Linked 
Securities and does not deal with the position of certain other categories of investor, such as dealers, 
certain professional investors and persons connected with the Issuer.  
Investors and prospective investors in the EUA Linked Securities should be aware that the particular terms 
of issue of any Series of EUA Linked Securities as specified in the relevant Final Terms may affect how 
that Series of EUA Linked Securities is classified for UK tax purposes and, in general, the UK tax treatment 
of that Series of EUA Linked Securities. The following summary relates only to certain possible 
classifications of the EUA Linked Securities and does not cover the UK tax treatment of all possible Series 
of EUA Linked Securities that could be issued under the Programme. In addition, the UK tax position of

--- Page 148 ---
147 
specific holders of the EUA Linked Securities will depend upon their own specific circumstances. 
Accordingly, the following is a general guide and should be treated with appropriate caution. 
The comments below assume that the Issuer is not UK resident or acting through a permanent 
establishment in the UK in relation to the EUA Linked Securities and that no other nexus with the UK results 
in payments in respect of (including interest on) the EUA Linked Securities having a UK source. This is 
subject to any change in law or HMRC practice that may take effect after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
They also assume that there will be no substitution of the Issuer and do not address the consequences of 
any such substitution (notwithstanding that such substitution may be permitted by the terms and conditions 
of the EUA Linked Securities). 
Investors and prospective investors who may be liable to taxation in jurisdictions other than the UK in 
respect of their acquisition, holding or disposal (including redemption) of the EUA Linked Securities should 
also consult their professional advisers as to whether they are so liable (and if so under the laws of which 
jurisdiction), since the following comments relate only to certain UK taxation aspects in respect of the EUA 
Linked Securities. In particular, investors and prospective investors should be aware that they may be 
liable to taxation under the laws of the UK and other jurisdictions in relation to payments in respect of the 
EUA Linked Securities. 
Withholding 
If payments in respect of (including interest on) the EUA Linked Securities do not have a UK source, the 
Issuer may make payments, which fall to be treated as payments of interest for UK tax purposes, in respect 
of any Series of EUA Linked Securities without withholding or deduction for or on account of UK income 
tax.  
If payments in respect of (including interest on) the EUA Linked Securities have a UK source, while the 
EUA Linked Securities continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange within the meaning of Section 
1005 Income Tax Act 2007, payments of interest by the Issuer may be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of UK income tax.  
If the EUA Linked Securities cease to be listed interest which has a UK source will generally be paid by 
the Issuer under deduction of income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) unless: (i) another relief 
applies under domestic law; or (ii) the Issuer has received a direction to the contrary from HMRC in respect 
of such relief as may be available pursuant to the provisions of any applicable double taxation treaty. 
If interest were paid under deduction of UK income tax (e.g., if the EUA Linked Securities lost their listing), 
Securityholders who are not resident in the UK may be able to recover all or part of the tax deducted if 
there is an appropriate provision in an applicable double taxation treaty. 
Taxation of Disposal (including Redemption) and Return 
UK Individual Holders 
The Issuer has sought guidance from HMRC as to the tax treatment of the EUA Linked Securities in the 
hands of UK Individuals. HMRC has advised that the EUA Linked Securities are likely to be treated as 
excluded indexed securities as defined in section 433 of the Income Tax (Trading and Other Income) Act 
2005 (“ITTOIA 2005”), except where the EUA Linked Securities are held by an individual for the purposes 
of a trade.  
On the basis of the above, any profits or losses arising to an individual on a disposal of a holding of the 
EUA Linked Securities (other than payments of interest) should be treated as giving rise to capital gains 
or allowable losses for the purposes of the Taxation of Chargeable Gains Act 1992, except where the EUA 
Linked Securities are held by an individual for the purposes of a trade. Where an EUA Linked Security is 
denominated in a non-sterling currency the chargeable gains or allowable losses will be determined by 
comparing the sterling equivalent of the purchase price (as determined using the exchange rate for the

--- Page 149 ---
148 
date of acquisition) and the sterling equivalent of the disposal proceeds (as determined using the exchange 
rate for the date of disposal). 
A gain arising in respect of an excluded indexed security is not treated as being income arising in respect 
of an interest in an offshore fund, even where the Issuer is, as here, not UK resident. Accordingly, as no 
charge is expected to arise under the offshore funds legislation each Series of the EUA Linked Securities 
will not be registered as an interest in an reporting offshore fund. 
If the EUA Linked Securities are not treated as excluded indexed securities, they could be treated as deeply 
discounted securities as defined in section 430 of ITTOIA 2005, or as an interest in an offshore fund as 
defined in section 355 of the Taxation (International and Other Provisions) Act 2010. 
If the EUA Linked Securities are treated as deeply discounted securities for UK tax purposes, any profit 
made by an individual on the disposal of an EUA Linked Security will be taxed as income. No relief is 
available for losses.  
If the EUA Linked Securities are treated as an interest in an offshore fund for UK tax purposes, since the 
Issuer will not be registering each Series of EUA Linked Securities as an interest in a reporting offshore 
fund, any gain arising on a disposal of EUA Linked Securities will normally constitute income (rather than 
capital) for all purposes of UK taxation, unless an exemption applies. However, losses on disposals of EUA 
Linked Securities can be relieved only as a capital loss and thus cannot be offset against offshore income 
gains. 
Holders within the Charge to UK Corporation Tax 
The correspondence with HMRC regarding the tax treatment of the EUA Linked Securities did not address 
the tax treatment of corporate holders within the charge to UK corporation tax. There is no equivalent of 
the excluded indexed securities regime that applies for UK corporation tax purposes. It is considered 
probable that where such an investor holds such securities otherwise than for the purposes of a trade, any 
profits or losses arising on the EUA Linked Securities are likely to form part of its non-trading loan 
relationship profits for the purposes of Part 5 of the Corporation Tax Act 2009 (“CTA 2009”). This is 
because either: 
(i) 
an EUA Linked Security could be treated as loan relationship; or 
(ii) 
an EUA Linked Security could be treated as a prepaid cash settled forward over the Underlying 
EUAs, which would be treated as a contract for differences for the purposes of the Derivative 
Contracts Legislation that is contained in Part 7 CTA 2009.  
Investors who are within the charge to UK corporation tax will need to seek their own advice as to the 
appropriate tax treatment of an EUA Linked Security for corporation tax purposes. 
THE ABOVE SUMMARY IS NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL UK 
TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE OWNERSHIP OF THE EUA LINKED SECURITIES. IN 
PARTICULAR, THE TAXATION TREATMENT OF ANY SERIES OF EUA LINKED SECURITIES MAY 
BE AFFECTED BY THE TERMS OF ISSUE OF THAT SERIES OF EUA LINKED SECURITIES AS 
SPECIFIED IN THE RELEVANT FINAL TERMS AND WILL DEPEND ON THE CLASSIFICATION OF 
THAT SERIES OF EUA LINKED SECURITIES FOR TAX PURPOSES AND THE INVESTOR’S OWN 
CIRCUMSTANCES. 
INVESTORS 
AND 
PROSPECTIVE 
INVESTORS 
SHOULD 
CONSULT 
APPROPRIATE TAX ADVISERS CONCERNING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE SPECIFIC 
SERIES IN QUESTION AND THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATION.

--- Page 150 ---
149 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Only Authorised Participants may subscribe for EUA Linked Securities from the Issuer. At the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Authorised Participant in respect of a Series of EUA Linked Securities is FLOW 
TRADERS B.V., which has its registered office at Jacob Bontiusplaats 9, 1018 LL, Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands. The identity of the Authorised Participant(s) will be updated from time to time at 
www.ubs.com/ETF (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders). 
EUA Linked Securities may be offered to any category of potential investors provided that the offer 
complies with the selling restrictions set out below in this “Subscription and Sale” section (the “Selling 
Restrictions”). In respect of jurisdictions other than those set out below, no person shall be permitted to 
distribute, sell or offer the EUA Linked Securities pursuant to this Base Prospectus other than in 
accordance with all applicable laws, regulations and directives in the relevant jurisdiction.  
Selling Restrictions  
European Economic Area  
In relation to each member state of the European Economic Area (each a “Member State”), each 
Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of EUA Linked Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in 
that Member State, except that it may make an offer of such EUA Linked Securities to the public in that 
Member State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the EUA Linked Securities specify that an offer of those EUA Linked 
Securities may be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that 
Member State (a “Non-Exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation 
to such EUA Linked Securities which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member 
State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent 
authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been 
completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Non-Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Authorised 
Participant or Authorised Participants appointed by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of EUA Linked Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of EUA Linked Securities to the public” in 
relation to any EUA Linked Securities in any Member State means the communication in any form and by 
any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the EUA Linked Securities to be offered 
so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the EUA Linked Securities and the 
expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.

--- Page 151 ---
150 
Ireland  
Each Authorised Participant represents, warrants and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement that it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not offer, sell, place or underwrite 
any EUA Linked Securities, or do anything in Ireland in respect of any EUA Linked Securities, otherwise 
than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(a) 
the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (S.I. No. 375 of 2017) (as 
amended) and any codes of conduct issued in connection therewith, the provisions of the Investor 
Compensation Act 1998 (as amended) and the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 (as amended) 
and it will conduct itself in accordance with any codes and rules of conduct, conditions, 
requirements, and any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the 
“Central Bank”) with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Notes; 
(b) 
the Central Bank Acts 1942-2018 as amended, including any codes of conduct and rules made 
under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended), the Central Bank (Investment 
Market Conduct) Rules 2019 (S.I. No. 366 of 2019) and any regulations issued pursuant to Part 8 
of the Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (as amended); 
(c) 
the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 (S.I. No. 380 of 2019), the EU Prospectus 
Regulation 2017/1129 and any rules issued under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 (as 
amended) by the Central Bank; 
(d) 
(A) the Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation EU 596/2014); (B) the Market Abuse Directive on 
criminal sanctions for market abuse (Directive 2014/57/EU); (C) the European Union (Market 
Abuse) Regulations 2016 (S.I. No. 349 of 2016) (as amended); and (D) any rules issued by the 
Central Bank pursuant thereto and/or under Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended); 
(e) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 
on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products 
(PRIIPs); and 
(f) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended), 
as each of the foregoing may be amended, restated, varied, supplemented and/or otherwise replaced from 
time to time. 
Switzerland 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement in 
relation to the EUA Linked Securities that it has complied and will comply with any laws, regulations or 
guidelines in Switzerland from time to time, including, but not limited to, any guidelines issued or recognised 
by FINMA in relation to the offer, sale, delivery or transfer of the EUA Linked Securities or the distribution 
of any offering material in Switzerland in respect of such EUA Linked Securities and that where the final 
terms in relation to any EUA Linked Securities specify that an offer of such EUA Linked Securities may be 
made to the public in Switzerland, that it will only make such an offer to the extent the Issuer has consented 
to the use of such final terms for the purposes of that offer. 
United Kingdom 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of EUA Linked Securities which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in 
the United Kingdom, except that it may make an offer of such EUA Linked Securities to the public in the 
United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the EUA Linked Securities specify that an offer of those EUA Linked 
Securities may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a “Public Offer”), following

--- Page 152 ---
151 
the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such EUA Linked Securities which has been 
approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by the final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and 
ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has 
consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Authorised Participant or Authorised Participants appointed by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of EUA Linked Securities referred to in paragraphs (b) to (d) above shall require 
the Issuer or any Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.  
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of EUA Linked Securities to the public” in 
relation to any EUA Linked Securities means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the EUA Linked Securities to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the EUA Linked Securities and the expression “UK 
Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as 
defined in the EUWA. 
Each Authorised Participant represents and agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any EUA Linked 
Securities in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any EUA Linked Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
United States 
The EUA Linked Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or under the securities law of any state or political sub-
division of the United States of America or any of its territories, possessions or other areas subject to its 
jurisdiction including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the Issuer has not been and will not be 
registered under any federal laws of the United States of America. No person has registered nor will 
register as a commodity pool operator of the Issuer under the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as 
amended (the “CEA”) and the rules thereunder (the “CFTC Rules”) of the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the “CFTC”). Any offer or sale of the EUA Linked Securities must be made in an offshore 
transaction exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act pursuant to Regulation S 
thereunder (“Regulation S”). The EUA Linked Securities may not at any time be offered, sold, or otherwise 
transferred in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons who are either (a) U.S. 
persons as defined in Regulation S or (b) persons who do not come within the definition of a non-United 
States person under CFTC Rule 4.7 (excluding for the purposes of subsection (d) thereof, the exception 
to the extent it would apply to persons who are not non-United States persons). 
The EUA Linked Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any entity that is, or that is using 
the assets of, (a)(i) an “employee benefit plan” (as defined in section 3(3) of the United States Employee

--- Page 153 ---
152 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”)) that is subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility requirements of Title I of ERISA, (ii) a “plan” to which section 4975 of the Code applies, or 
(iii) an entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” (as determined pursuant to the “Plan Assets 
Regulation” issued by the United States Department of Labor at 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 as modified 
by Section 3(42) of ERISA) or otherwise under ERISA by reason of any such employee benefit plan’s or 
plan’s investment in the entity (any such plan or entity described in (i), (ii) or (iii), a “benefit plan investor”) 
or (b) a non-U.S. plan, governmental plan, church plan or other plan that is subject to any federal, state, 
local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation that is similar to the provisions of section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code (a “similar law”) unless its acquisition and holding and disposition of any EUA Linked 
Security, or any interest therein, has not and will not constitute a violation of such similar law. 
General 
These Selling Restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Authorised Participants 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification may be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus if required. 
None of the Issuer or any Authorised Participant represents that the EUA Linked Securities may at any 
time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, 
or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
Each Authorised Participant agrees in the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement that it will, to the best 
of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction in which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers EUA Linked Securities or has in its possession or distributes this Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any other Authorised 
Participant shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 154 ---
153 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS12 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
Final Terms dated [●] 
HARP Issuer PLC (the “Issuer”) 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 6354004X7YVOLLD4FR65 
 Issue of [●] EUA Linked Securities of [●] under its Secured EUA Linked Issuance Programme (the 
“EUA Linked Securities”) 
Part A – Contractual Terms 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated [●] [and the supplement(s) to it dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)] [and] 
[Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of “retained EU law”, as defined in the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended) (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”)] (the “Base Prospectus”). This 
document constitutes the final terms of the EUA Linked Securities described herein for the purposes of 
Article 8.4 of the [Prospectus Regulation] [and] [the UK Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
EUA Linked Securities. The Base Prospectus is made available at www.ubs.com/ETF, at the registered 
office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Issuing and Paying Agent. A summary of the individual 
issue is annexed to the Final Terms. 
The EUA Linked Securities of this Series may also be listed on the official list of a stock exchange and 
admitted to trading on an exchange other than those listed in these Final Terms, but any such listing or 
admission to trading will be on the basis of a separate Final Terms prepared in connection therewith and 
which shall be identical to these Final Terms save for the information relating to listing and the associated 
disclosure and/or offering documents. 
 
 
 
1 In the event the Form of Final Terms are used to constitute the final terms in respect of EUA Linked Securities (i) listed on a non-
UK stock exchange and admitted to trading on a non-UK market (a “Non-UK Listing”) and (ii) not offered to the public in the UK 
for the purposes of the UK Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-UK Public Offer”), all references to the UK Prospectus Regulation 
and related terms required by the UK Prospectus Regulation shall be deleted from the Form of Final Terms and all references to 
the Prospectus Regulation and related terms required by the Prospectus Regulation shall be retained. 
2 In the event the Form of Final Terms are used to constitute the final terms in respect of EUA Linked Securities (i) listed on a non-
EEA stock exchange and admitted to trading on a non-EEA market (a “Non-EEA Listing”) and (ii) not offered to the public in the 
EEA for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (a “Non-EEA Public Offer”), all references to the Prospectus Regulation and 
related terms required by the Prospectus Regulation shall be deleted from the Form of Final Terms and all references to the UK 
Prospectus Regulation and related terms required by the UK Prospectus Regulation shall be retained.

--- Page 155 ---
154 
All provisions in the Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are indicated as not 
applicable, not completed or deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
GENERAL TERMS 
1
Issuer: 
HARP Issuer PLC 
2
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
3
Specified Currency: 
EUR 
4
Aggregate Number of EUA 
Linked Securities: 
 
 
(i) 
Of this Series immediately 
prior to Issue Date: 
[●]  
 
(ii) 
Comprising 
the 
relevant 
Tranche of this Series: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Immediately following Issue 
Date:  
[●] 
5
Issue Price per EUA Linked 
Security: 
EUR [●] 
6
EUA Entitlement per EUA Linked 
Security as at the Subscription 
Trade Date of the relevant 
Tranche 
of 
EUA 
Linked 
Securities of the Series (if not the 
first Tranche of EUA Linked 
Securities of the Series): 
[●] 
7
Series Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Issue Date of Tranche (if not 
the first Tranche of EUA 
Linked Securities of the 
Series): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Subscription Trade Date of 
Tranche: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Date 
on 
which 
Board 
approval for issuance of 
EUA 
Linked 
Securities 
obtained: 
[●]  
8
Scheduled Maturity Date: 
[●] 
9
Interest: 
No interest is payable on a periodic basis. A Specified Interest 
Amount may be payable as part of the Final Redemption 
Amount or Early Redemption Amount.  
10
Minimum Denomination of 
relevant Tranche: 
The EUA Linked Securities may be traded in integral multiples 
of one unit. 
11
Name and address of Relevant 
Clearing System(s): 
[[Euroclear]/[Clearstream, Luxembourg]/[●]]

--- Page 156 ---
155 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO FEES 
12
Total Expense Ratio as at the 
Issue Date: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE EUA LINKED SECURITIES 
13
Form of EUA Linked Securities: 
Registered Global Certificate which is exchangeable for 
Definitive 
Registered 
Securities 
Certificate(s) 
in 
the 
circumstances specified in the Registered Global Certificate  
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of EUA 
Linked Securities described herein pursuant to the Secured EUA Linked Issuance Programme.] 
 
HARP ISSUER PLC 
Signed by a duly authorised attorney: 
 
............................................

--- Page 157 ---
156 
Part B – Other Information 
1
LISTING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and admission to 
trading: 
[Application has been made for the EUA Linked Securities to 
be admitted to the official list of [the United Kingdom Financial 
Conduct Authority]/[ and Xetra]/[ and SIX] and for the EUA 
Linked Securities to be admitted to trading on [the Main 
Market of the London Stock Exchange]/[ and Xetra]/[ and 
SIX].]  
The earliest date on which the EUA Linked Securities will be 
admitted to trading on [the Main Market of the London Stock 
Exchange]/[ and Xetra]/[ and SIX] will be [●].] 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, EUA Linked Securities 
of this Series have been admitted to trading on [the London 
Stock Exchange][ and Xetra]/[ and SIX].] 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total net proceeds 
of the issue: 
[●] EUAs 
 
(iii) Estimate 
of 
the 
total 
expenses of the issue: 
EUR [●]/[●] 
 
(iv) Maximum number of EUA 
Linked 
Securities 
of 
the 
Series: 
[●]  
2
RATINGS: 
 
 
Ratings: 
Not Applicable 
 
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
[Save as discussed in “Subscription and Sale”, so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the EUA Linked Securities has an interest material to the offer.]/[●] 
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER 
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[See section headed “Reasons for the Offer and Use of 
Proceeds” in the Base Prospectus.]/[●] 
5
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
Valor: 
[●] 
 
WKN: 
[●] 
 
Trading Method: 
Units 
 
Minimum Trading Amount: 
At least one unit

--- Page 158 ---
157 
Annex – Issue Specific Summary 
[Issue specific summary to be inserted]

--- Page 159 ---
158 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1 
Issuer: The Issuer has obtained all consents, approvals and authorisations (if any) which are necessary 
in Ireland at the date of the Base Prospectus in connection with the establishment of the Programme on 
25 April 2024. 
2 
Language: The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical 
terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed 
to them under applicable law.  
3 
Information incorporated by reference: Any websites included in the Base Prospectus are for 
information purposes only and do not form part of the Base Prospectus unless incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus and have not been scrutinised or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland and 
the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority. 
4 
Incorporation: The Issuer was incorporated on 21 November 2019.  
5 
Financial statements: The Issuer has prepared audited financial statements for (i) the period from 1 
January 2021 to 31 December 2021 and (ii) the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. Such 
financial statements are incorporated by reference into and shall form part of this Base Prospectus. 
6 
No significant change: There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Issuer or 
financial performance of the group and no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects 
of the Issuer, in each case, since 31 December 2022, being the date of the last published audited financial 
statements of the Issuer. 
7 
No legal proceedings: There are no, nor have there been any, governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is 
aware), in the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the 
recent past, significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability.  
8 
Post-issuance: The Calculation Agent will provide information regarding the EUA Entitlement per EUA 
Linked Security in respect of each calendar day and the Value per EUA Linked Security in respect of each 
Valuation Day on the website maintained on behalf of the Issuer at www.ubs.com/ETF (or such other 
website as may be notified to Securityholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices)). 
9 
Euroclear/Clearstream: The EUA Linked Securities represent indebtedness of the Issuer. EUA Linked 
Securities may be accepted for clearance through any Clearing System including Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). EUA Linked Securities 
will be cleared through the Relevant Clearing System in whole numbers of EUA Linked Securities only (for 
these purposes an EUA Linked Security may be referred to as a unit by the Relevant Clearing System).  
The Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) 
the CUSIP and CINS number and PORTAL system and identification number for each Series of EUA 
Linked Securities will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium.  
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L-1855 Luxembourg.  
The address of any other Clearing System that is a Relevant Clearing System for a Series of EUA Linked 
Securities will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
10 
For so long as EUA Linked Securities may be issued pursuant to the Base Prospectus and for so long as 
any listed EUA Linked Securities remain outstanding, the documents specified below will be available (i) 
in physical format, during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays 
excepted), for inspection at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Issuing and 
Paying Agent and (ii) at https://harp-issuer.ie/ (or such other website as may be notified to Securityholders):

--- Page 160 ---
159 
 this Base Prospectus together with any supplement hereto;  
 the Master Trust Terms (which include the form of Registered Global Certificate); 
 the up-to-date constitution of the Issuer;  
 the directors’ report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2021 to 31 
December 2021; and  
 the directors’ report and financial statements of the Issuer for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 
December 2022.  
11 
Walkers Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to 
the EUA Linked Securities and is not itself seeking admission of the EUA Linked Securities to any regulated 
market for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
12 Terms of any Offer 
Offer Price: 
As individually agreed between an investor and the relevant 
Authorised Offeror. 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
Not applicable given the manner in which EUA Linked Securities 
will be offered. 
Description of the time period, 
including any possible amendments 
during which the offer will be open 
and a description of the application 
process: 
In respect of any EUA Linked Securities, offers may be made at 
any time during the period from and including the date of the Base 
Prospectus to (but excluding) the date falling 12 months after the 
date of the Base Prospectus. There is no application process for 
potential investors. Instead, each Authorised Offeror may offer to 
investors in agreed transactions.  
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
Not applicable given the manner in which EUA Linked Securities 
will be offered. The EUA Linked Securities will not be the subject 
of an offer that asks for applications from potential investors and 
then reduces subscriptions and refunds any excess amount 
should those potential investors not be allocated EUA Linked 
Securities.  
Details of the minimum and/or 
maximum amount of the application: 
Not applicable given the manner in which EUA Linked Securities 
will be offered. The EUA Linked Securities will not be the subject 
of an offer that asks for applications from potential investors. 
Details of the method and time limits 
for paying up and delivering the 
EUA Linked Securities: 
As individually agreed between an investor and the relevant 
Authorised Offeror.  
Description of the manner and date 
in which results of the offer are to be 
made public:  
The Issuer will sell all EUA Linked Securities of a Series to one 
or more Authorised Participants on their issue. The Authorised 
Participants may act as market makers on stock exchanges and 
may also offer to the public in over-the-counter transactions 
during the offer period. The Authorised Participants are likely to 
hold EUA Linked Securities in inventory. The number of EUA 
Linked Securities issued will not vary based on the results of any 
offer (with any offer being agreed on an individual basis) and, as 
a result, there is no necessity to notify the public of the results of 
any offer.  
Procedure for exercise of any right 
of pre-emption, negotiability of 
Not applicable given the manner in which EUA Linked Securities 
will be offered.

--- Page 161 ---
160 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
Tranche(s) which has/have been 
reserved for certain countries: 
Not applicable given the manner in which EUA Linked Securities 
will be offered. 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may 
begin before notification is made: 
As described above, there will be no formal offer period prior to 
issue and there will be no applications process whereby 
allotments are required to be made. As a result, no notification of 
allotments is required. No dealing by an investor may take place 
until such investor has been delivered the relevant EUA Linked 
Securities.  
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the 
subscriber or investor: 
As may be agreed between the investor and the relevant 
Authorised Offeror.  
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries 
where the offer takes place: 
Subject to the conditions (and in particular, the Selling 
Restrictions) set out in this Base Prospectus, any Authorised 
Offeror is entitled to make an offer in (i) Germany, Ireland, 
Liechtenstein and Spain in the context of an offer under the 
Prospectus Regulation, (ii) the UK in the context of an offer under 
the UK Prospectus Regulation, or (iii) Switzerland.

--- Page 162 ---
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER  
HARP Issuer PLC 
2nd Floor, Block 5 
Irish Life Centre 
Abbey Street Lower 
Dublin 1, Dublin IE D01 P767 
Ireland 
 
PROGRAMME ADMINISTRATOR 
UBS AG, London branch  
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
 
TRUSTEE 
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited 
160, Queen Victoria Street, 
London EC4V 4LA  
United Kingdom 
 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT  
UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch 
33A avenue J. F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
CALCULATION AGENT  
UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch 
33A avenue J. F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT 
UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch 
33A avenue J. F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
EUA CUSTODIAN 
UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch 
33A avenue J. F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
CORPORATE SERVICES PROVIDER 
Apex Corporate Services (Ireland) Limited 
2nd Floor 
Block 5 
Irish Life Centre, Abbey Street Lower 
Dublin 1  
Dublin IE D01 P767 
Ireland

--- Page 163 ---
ACCOUNT BANK 
UBS Europe SE, Luxembourg branch 
33A avenue J. F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
EUA Disposal Agent 
UBS Asset Management (UK) Limited 
5 Broadgate 
London EC2M 2QS 
United Kingdom 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
to the Programme Administrator as 
to English law 
to the Issuer as to Irish law 
to the Trustee 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
Walkers (Ireland) LLP 
The Exchange 
George’s Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom  
 
IRISH LISTING AGENT 
Walkers Listing Services Limited 
The Exchange 
George’s Dock, IFSC 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Printed by: Linklaters Business Services 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
 
A49400740