--- Page 1 ---
10306969667-v8 
 
70-41087762 
 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 7 MARCH 2025 
 
Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ) 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
Heimstaden Bostad Treasury B.V. 
(Incorporated with limited liability in the Netherlands, and having its statutory seat (statutaire zetel) in Amsterdam, The Netherlands) 
€12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by 
Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ) 
(Incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
Under this €12,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ) ("Heimstaden 
Bostad", and in its capacity as guarantor of Notes issued by HBT (as defined below), the "Guarantor") and Heimstaden Bostad 
Treasury B.V. ("HBT" and, together with Heimstaden Bostad, the "Issuers", and each an "Issuer") may from time to time issue notes 
(the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealers (as defined below). 
References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Issuer shall, in relation to any issue or proposed issue of Notes, be references to 
whichever of Heimstaden Bostad or HBT is specified as the Issuer of such Notes in the applicable final terms document (the "Final 
Terms"). 
The payments of all amounts due in respect of the Notes issued by HBT will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor. If the relevant Issuer of a Series of Notes is Heimstaden Bostad, references herein to the Guarantor and the Guarantee, and 
related expressions, are not applicable and shall be disregarded in respect of such Series. 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes") or in uncertificated book 
entry form ("VPS Notes") settled through the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary, Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext 
Securities Oslo) ("Euronext VPS"). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the 
Programme will not exceed €12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the Programme" and any 
additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the relevant Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the 
"Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant 
Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing 
to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank"), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Approval by 
the Central Bank should not be considered as an endorsement of either of the Issuers or the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by 
HBT) or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the "Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market") of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"), the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated 
market (Euronext Oslo Børs) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the "Official List") and trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market. 
The Issuers have further requested that the Central Bank send to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) (the 
"NFSA") in its capacity as the competent authority in Norway (i) a copy of this Base Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of approval 
pursuant to Article 25 of the EU Prospectus Regulation attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the 
provisions of the EU Prospectus Regulation and the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, for purposes of listing Notes 
on the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market (Euronext Oslo Børs). 
Each of the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market (Euronext Oslo Børs) is a regulated 
market for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being "listed" (and all related references) shall 
mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been either admitted (i) to the Official List and to 
trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or (ii) to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market (Euronext Oslo 
Børs), as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant Series (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
10306969667-v8 
 
70-41087762 
 
 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading 
on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available 
under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain 
other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", as the case may be) of 
Notes will be set out in the applicable Final Terms which will be delivered to the Central Bank, and further distributed to the NFSA 
and, where listed, Euronext Dublin and/or the Oslo Stock Exchange (Euronext Oslo Børs) (as appropriate). 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of Euronext Dublin, 
and copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market (Euronext Oslo Børs) will be 
published on the website of the Oslo Stock Exchange (Euronext Oslo Børs). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges 
or markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (in the case of Notes issued by HBT) and the relevant Dealer. 
The relevant Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the 
benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other 
jurisdiction. 
Heimstaden Bostad has been rated BBB- (outlook negative) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and BBB- (outlook 
stable) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). S&P and Fitch are each established in the EEA and are registered under the 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation"). As such, S&P and Fitch are included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. S&P and Fitch are not 
established in the United Kingdom ("UK") but ratings issued by S&P and Fitch will be endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited 
and Fitch Ratings Limited, respectively, in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation").  
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the 
applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Guarantor by the relevant rating agency. A 
security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
relevant Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes and that may affect the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
guarantee contained in the Trust Deed (the "Guarantee") are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute, the administrator 
of EURIBOR, Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS, the administrator of CIBOR, Norske Finansielle Referanser AS, the 
administrator of NIBOR, and Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB, the administrator of STIBOR, are included in ESMA's 
register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). 
Arranger 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS 
CITIGROUP 
DANSKE BANK 
DEUTSCHE BANK 
DNB BANK ASA 
ING 
J.P. MORGAN 
NORDEA

--- Page 3 ---
10306969667-v8 
- iii - 
70-41087762 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme for 
the purposes of Article 8 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and the applicable Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of each Issuer and the Guarantor the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus. Any website referred to in this Base Prospectus has not been scrutinised 
or approved by the Central Bank. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and 
no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or completeness of 
the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the 
Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. No Dealer or the Trustee accepts any liability 
in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuers or the Guarantor in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to give 
any information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus 
or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, 
such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuers, the 
Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme, or any 
Notes is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, nor should it be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuers, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuers and/or the Guarantor. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme, or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of any 
Issuer, the Guarantor, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuers and/or the Guarantor is 
correct at any time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuers or the Guarantor during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under 
the Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered, sold or delivered in Norway or to or for the benefit of 
persons domiciled in Norway, unless in compliance with the regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes, 
including the registration in Euronext VPS of such VPS Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
10306969667-v8 
- iv - 
70-41087762 
 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms or any Drawdown Prospectus in 
respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms or any Drawdown Prospectus in respect 
of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001– The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled 
"Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of 
the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (as modified or amended

--- Page 5 ---
10306969667-v8 
- v - 
70-41087762 
 
 
from time to time, the "SFA"). The relevant Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about 
the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included 
on the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) 
of the SFA. 
No filing has been made in Japan in respect of the Notes. The Notes shall not be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or 
other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-
106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, 
as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation 
in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or 
damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided 
that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed 
by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit 
a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium, Norway, the Netherlands 
and Sweden), the UK, Singapore and Japan; see "Subscription and Sale". 
NOTES ISSUED AS GREEN BONDS AND/OR SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED NOTES 
None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental 
or sustainability assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds or Sustainability-Linked Notes (each as 
defined herein). None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Dealers, the Arranger or the 
Trustee makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable" or similar labels (including but not 
limited to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the "EU Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening criteria, the EuGB label 
or the optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable and for sustainability-linked 
bonds under Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 on European Green Bonds (the "EU Green Bond Regulation"), 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector ("SFDR") 
and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the UK or any market 
standards or guidance, including any green, sustainable or social bond principles, or other similar principles 
or guidance published by ICMA (the "ICMA Principles")) or any requirements of such labels or market 
standards as they may evolve from time to time (see the Risk Factor "In respect of any Notes issued with a 
specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will 
be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor"). None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee are

--- Page 6 ---
10306969667-v8 
- vi - 
70-41087762 
 
 
responsible for (i) the use or allocation of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds or Sustainability-
Linked Notes, (ii) the impact, verification, monitoring or reporting in respect of such use of proceeds, (iii) 
the alignment of the Green Bonds or Sustainability-Linked Notes with Heimstaden Bostad’s Green Bond 
Framework (as defined herein) or  Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework (as defined herein) (each 
available 
at: 
https://www.heimstadenbostad.com/investors/debt-information/Green-Bond-
Framework/default.aspx), (iv) nor do any of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee undertake to ensure 
that there are at any time sufficient Green Projects (as defined herein) to allow for allocation of a sum equal 
to the net proceeds of any such issue in full.  
No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers, the Arranger or the Trustee as to the suitability or 
content of Heimstaden Bostad’s Green Bond Framework or Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
or the suitability or reliability of any opinion, report or certification of any third party (whether or not 
solicited by the relevant Issuer and including any post-issuance reports prepared by an external reviewer) 
which may be made available in connection with any Green Bonds, Sustainability-Linked Notes and in 
particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social or other criteria. Any 
such opinion, report or certification is only current as of the date that opinion, report or certification was 
initially issued and the considerations or criteria which are the basis of such an opinion, report or 
certification can change at any time. Any such opinion, report or certification is based on certain 
environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects 
of an investment in any Notes issued as Green Bonds or Sustainability-Linked Notes, including without 
limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any security. The providers of 
such opinions, reports and certifications are currently not subject to any specific regulatory regime or 
oversight. The EU Green Bond Regulation will introduce a supervisory regime of external reviewers of 
European Green Bonds but this is not due to take full effect until 21 June 2026 marking the end of the 
transitional period that began on 21 December 2024. Any such opinion, report or certification is not a 
recommendation by any Dealer, the Arranger or the Trustee to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or 
the information contained therein. Investors in such Green Bonds or Sustainability-Linked Notes shall have 
no recourse against the relevant Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee, any of the Dealers or the provider of any 
such opinion, report or certification for the contents of such opinion, report or certification. No assurance 
or representation is given by the relevant Issuer, the Arranger, the Trustee or any of the Dealers as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the Second Party Opinion (as defined herein) or any 
other certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer and including any post-
issuance reports prepared by an external reviewer) which may be made available in connection with the 
issue of any Green Bonds or Sustainability-Linked Notes and in particular, with any Green Projects. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Second Party Opinion and any such opinion, report or certification is not, nor 
shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus and may be withdrawn, 
replaced or amended from time to time. Investors must determine for themselves the relevance of the 
Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained 
therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in such 
Green Bonds, Sustainability-Linked Notes or Green Projects.  
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities 
market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers, the Arranger, the Trustee, the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor (if applicable) that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime 
of the Notes. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to Heimstaden Bostad 
has been derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of Heimstaden Bostad for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 (together, the "Financial Statements"). 
Heimstaden Bostad's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any 
specific year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial Statements 
have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board and in accordance with IFRS as endorsed by the European Union 
(the "EU").

--- Page 7 ---
10306969667-v8 
- vii - 
70-41087762 
 
 
HBT's financial year ends on 31 December and HBT's financial statements have been prepared in 
accordance with Dutch generally accepted accounting principles. HBT is a financing special purpose 
vehicle, see further "Risk Factors – HBT is a special purpose vehicle and investors should therefore 
consider the financial condition and liquidity of Heimstaden Bostad and the Group in addition to that of 
HBT". 
The financial information provided for and discussed in this Base Prospectus and the financial statements 
of HBT and the Group (as defined below) included in this Base Prospectus relate to the past performance 
of the Group. The future development of the Group could deviate significantly from past results due to a 
large number of internal and external factors. The historical earnings, historical dividends and other 
historical financial data of the Group are, therefore, not necessarily predictive of earnings or other key 
financial figures for the Group going forward. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
• 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended; 
• 
"NOK" refers to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Norway; 
• 
"SEK" refers to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden; and 
• 
"Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling. 
References to a "billion" are to a thousand million. 
References to the "Group" are to Heimstaden Bostad and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and

--- Page 8 ---
10306969667-v8 
- viii - 
70-41087762 
 
 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
10306969667-v8 
- ix - 
70-41087762 
 
 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, 'forward looking statements'. 
These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including 
the terms 'forecast', 'believes', 'estimates', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'intends', 'may', 'will', or 'should' or, in each 
case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are 
not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this document and include, but are not 
limited to, the following: statements regarding the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of the Issuers 
and/or the Guarantor (as applicable) concerning, amongst other things, the results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies of the Issuers and/or the Guarantor (as applicable) and the 
industry in which the Issuers and/or the Guarantor (as applicable) operate. 
By their nature, forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events 
and circumstances. Forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual 
results of the Issuers' and/or the Guarantor's operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the 
development of the industry in which the Issuers and/or the Guarantor operate may differ materially from 
those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this document. In addition, 
even if the results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in 
which the Issuers and/or the Guarantor operate, are consistent with the forward-looking statements 
contained in this document, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments 
in subsequent periods. 
These and other factors are discussed in more detail under "Description of Heimstaden Bostad" and 
"Description of HBT", which should be read in conjunction with the risk factors set out in "Risk Factors" 
below. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Issuers and the Guarantor. Should one or more 
of these risks or uncertainties materialise, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results 
may vary materially from those described in this document as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. 
Except to the extent required by laws and regulations, the Issuers and the Guarantor do not intend, and do 
not assume any obligation, to update any forward-looking statements set out in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 10 ---
10306969667-v8 
 
70-41087762 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .......................................................................................................................................... 6 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 30 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 33 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 37 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 51 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 97 
DESCRIPTION OF HBT ........................................................................................................................... 99 
DESCRIPTION OF HEIMSTADEN BOSTAD ...................................................................................... 100 
SELECTED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS ............................................................................. 119 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 122 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 127 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 133

--- Page 11 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 1 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) and 
any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the 
Terms and Conditions, in which event, and if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus, a drawdown 
prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuers: 
Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ) 
Heimstaden Bostad Treasury B.V. 
Issuer's Legal Entity 
Identifier: 
Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ): 549300TJR3PR8EXILG79 
Heimstaden Bostad Treasury B.V.: 549300ORG6UYMJBCV938  
Guarantor:  
Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ) (in the case of issues of Notes by HBT) 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect an Issuer's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. There are also 
certain factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Guarantee. In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Notes issued under the Programme and risks relating 
to the structure of a particular Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme. All of these are set out under "Risk Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Dealers: 
BNP PARIBAS 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
 
Danske Bank A/S 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
Nordea Bank Abp  
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Programme 
Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and 
Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at the date of 
this Base Prospectus: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of 
the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits for the purposes

--- Page 12 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 2 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") 
unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and 
have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
VPS Agent: 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, Issuer Service 
Programme Size: 
Up to €12,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding at 
any time. The Issuers and the Guarantor may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and 
in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes may 
be denominated in any currency agreed between the relevant Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the relevant Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price which 
is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form or, in the case 
of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Notes in bearer form will not be exchangeable for Notes in registered 
form, and Notes in registered form will not be exchangeable for Notes 
in bearer form. 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or document 
of title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced by the crediting 
of VPS Notes to investor accounts with Euronext VPS. VPS Notes 
will not be exchangeable for Notes in bearer or registered form and 
vice versa. See "Form of the Notes" below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on the basis 
of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer, 
will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated

--- Page 13 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 3 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between 
the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Benchmark Event: 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined below) occurs, such that any rate 
of interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be determined by 
reference to the original benchmark specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, then such rate of interest may be substituted (subject to certain 
conditions) with a successor or alternative rate (with consequent 
amendment to the terms of such Series of Notes and the application 
of an adjustment spread (which could be positive, negative or zero)) 
as described in the Terms and Conditions. 
Step Up Rating Change 
and/or Step Down Rating 
Change: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether a Step Up Rating 
Change and/or Step Down Rating Change will apply to the Notes, in 
which case the rate of interest in respect of the Notes may be subject 
to adjustment as specified in the applicable Final Terms. See 
Condition 5.4 (Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes 
and Floating Rate Notes). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up 
Notes:  
Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes may be subject to a 
Sustainability-Linked Step Up Option if the applicable Final Terms 
indicate that the Sustainability-Linked Step Up Option is applicable. 
The Rate of Interest for Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes will be 
subject to adjustment in the event of a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event. 
The Initial Rate of Interest or Initial Margin for Sustainability-Linked 
Step Up Notes will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
provided that, for any Interest Period commencing on or after the 
Interest Payment Date immediately following a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
Event, if any, the Initial Rate of Interest or Initial Margin shall be 
increased by the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Step Up Margin specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The increase in the Initial Rate of Interest or 
Initial Margin will be triggered by the occurrence of a GHGe Scope 
1+2+3 Event, linked to the failure of the Group to achieve its 
sustainability performance target in relation to its greenhouse gas 
emissions ("GHGe") or the failure of Heimstaden Bostad to report on 
such key performance indicator in the required time periods, as 
further detailed in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the 
applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the 
Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in respect of the 
relevant Sustainability-Linked Step Up Note. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that such Notes 
will be redeemable at the option of the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders and/or on the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event, 
upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the relevant Issuer, as the 
case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer. If indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms, Notes may be redeemable on the occurrence

--- Page 14 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 4 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
of a change of control of the Guarantor (see Condition 7.7 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of 
Control (Change of Control Put))). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year" above. 
Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Notes:  
If the applicable Final Terms indicates that the Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Option is applicable to any Series of Notes, the relevant 
Issuer may be required, in respect of each such Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption Note, to pay a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Redemption 
Premium on the date that such Notes are redeemed, each as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. The requirement to make payment of 
the relevant GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Redemption Premium on the date 
that such Notes are redeemed will be triggered by the occurrence of a 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event, linked to the failure of the Group to 
achieve its sustainability performance target in relation to its GHGe 
or the failure of Heimstaden Bostad to report on such key 
performance indicator in the required time periods, as further detailed 
in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes and the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
Specified Currency, see "Certain Restrictions - Notes having a 
maturity of less than one year" above, and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in 
such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction unless such deduction is required by law as provided in 
Condition 8 (Taxation). In the event that any such deduction is made, 
the relevant Issuer, or as the case may be, the Guarantor, will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge) 
Financial Covenants: 
The terms of the Notes will contain certain financial covenants as 
further described in Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as further 
described in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other 
than subordinated obligations, if any) of the relevant Issuer, from time 
to time outstanding. 
Guarantee:  
Notes issued by HBT will be unconditionally and irrevocably 
guaranteed by the Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor under

--- Page 15 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 5 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
the Guarantee will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and will rank pari passu and 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally 
with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated 
obligations, if any) of the Guarantor from time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
The Guarantor has been rated BBB- (outlook negative) by S&P and 
BBB- (outlook stable) by Fitch. The Programme has not been rated 
by any rating agency. Series of Notes issued under the Programme 
may be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to (i) Euronext Dublin for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be listed on the Euronext Dublin Regulated 
Market; and (ii) the Oslo Stock Exchange for Notes to be listed on its 
regulated market (Euronext Oslo Børs). 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
relevant Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant 
Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any 
market may also be issued. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes, the Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Notes or the Guarantee will be 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, 
except that the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as 
the recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, VPS 
Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
Norwegian law. 
 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities 
Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 which implements 
Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian law, and any 
regulation passed under the act and the rules and procedures of 
Euronext VPS, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time, 
and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and subject 
to the obligations and liabilities which arise under these acts (as 
applicable) and any related regulations and legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in 
the United States, the EEA (including Belgium, Sweden, the 
Netherlands and Norway), the UK, Singapore and Japan and such 
other restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not applicable, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general 
corporate purposes of the relevant Issuer unless, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds stated 
in the applicable Final Terms. See "Use of Proceeds".

--- Page 16 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 6 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor, as the case 
may be, may become insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes or 
under the Guarantee (as applicable). There is a wide range of factors which individually or together could 
result in the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments due. It is not 
possible to identify all such factors, as the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor may not be aware of all 
relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not to be material may become material as 
a result of the occurrence of events outside the relevant Issuer's and/or the Guarantor's control. The Issuers 
and the Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially 
adversely affect their respective businesses and ability to make payments due. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. It is not possible to identify all such factors, as the 
relevant Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they currently deem not 
to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the relevant Issuer's 
control. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views, or consult with an advisor, prior to making any investment decision. 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor, and the industry in which they operate together with all other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. 
Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to 
the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor that are not currently known to the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor or that they currently deem immaterial, may individually or cumulatively also have a material 
adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or financial position of the relevant 
Issuer and/or the Guarantor and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and 
investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an 
investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their 
personal circumstances. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP AND THE ABILITY OF THE 
RELEVANT ISSUER TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE 
PROGRAMME AND (IF APPLICABLE) THE ABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR TO FULFIL ITS 
OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE GUARANTEE 
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions 
Global economic conditions and the state of financial markets may affect the Group's operations and 
tenants, as well as the prices of real estate generally in the market and the value of the Group's real 
estate 
The Group, and the property industry more widely, is affected to a large extent by macroeconomic factors 
such as general economic trends, growth, employment, the rate of production of new housing and 
commercial premises, changes in infrastructure, population growth, inflation and interest rate levels. Global 
macroeconomic conditions may also be adversely affected, for example, by political tensions, acts of war 
and/or expansion of sanctions, in particular as a result of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and 
ongoing conflict in the Middle East. Although the length, impact and outcome of the ongoing conflict in 
the Middle East and the war in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, such conflicts (including, in respect of the 
war in Ukraine, the imposition of sanctions by the United States (the "US"), EU, UK and other nations as 
well as Russian counter-sanctions) could lead to significant market disruption, including significant 
volatility in commodity and energy prices, international credit and capital markets and asset prices, supply 
chain interruption and deteriorating financing conditions. This may impact the Group in terms of access to, 
and cost of, funding.

--- Page 17 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 7 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
The continuation of geopolitical tensions, sanctions and political uncertainty could negatively impact 
economic growth, business operations and real estate markets. Economies across Europe and globally 
continue to experience high energy, commodity and fuel prices, which has resulted in sustained inflationary 
pressure. Although interest rates have been maintained or decreased slightly over the last year, inflationary 
pressures may continue in the medium term and interest rates may rise again as a result. High levels of 
inflation and increases in interest rates could adversely affect the markets in which the Group operates and 
the businesses and economic condition and prospects of the Group's counterparties or tenants, directly or 
indirectly, in ways which are difficult to predict and may also negatively impact economic growth. Growth 
in the economy affects the employment level, which is an important factor affecting the demand for 
properties as it impacts the level of rental income earned by the Group while the value of the real property 
owned by the Group may decrease, and the Group may not be able to adapt to a long-term economic 
recession or stagnation. Furthermore, although historically economic slowdowns and recessions have 
increased the demand for rental apartments in the markets in which the Group operates, there can be no 
assurance that the Group will not experience declines in the demand for rental apartments during periods 
of economic slowdown or recession. The Group may also experience increased defaults on rent payments 
as a result of negative economic developments in Europe.   
Additionally, following elections in the US and various international jurisdictions in the past year, there is 
considerable uncertainty regarding reforms of various aspects of existing laws, regulations, and 
enforcement priorities and strategies that could affect trade policies, labour matters, taxes, and technological 
advancements, among other areas. The US administration has recently intensified its trade policies, 
implementing new tariffs and restrictions, particularly impacting trade with China, Canada and Mexico. 
Any such tariffs or similar further tariffs impacting trade with other trading partners, could have a material 
adverse impact on the global economy, for example, by increasing the costs of trading with the other trading 
partners of the US resulting in higher prices for goods and services and raw materials that may be subject 
to such tariffs, and additional inflation risk. 
The impact of these conditions could be detrimental to the Group and could adversely affect its business, 
results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects; its solvency and the solvency of its 
counterparties and tenants; the value and liquidity of its assets and liabilities; the value and liquidity of the 
Notes and/or the ability of the relevant Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and under its debt 
obligations more generally and, if applicable, the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the 
Guarantee.  
Inflation may affect the Group’s business, financial condition and result of operations  
Persistent inflation in markets where the Group operates, has resulted in increased cost of goods and 
services, raw materials and utilities, among other things. These, as well as any further increases, are likely 
to have a negative impact on the real estate sector in general and, as a result thereof, may have an effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. See "Risk Factors – Increasing 
refurbishment and maintenance costs, without a corresponding increase in rental income, may result in a 
decreased profit margin and/or profitability or increased rents and thus decreased demand for properties". 
This risk is increased in more regulated markets, particularly Sweden, Germany and the Netherlands, where 
it is more difficult for the Group to raise rents and pass increased costs on to its tenants. In the Netherlands, 
regulated contracts have an annual rent indexation cap equal to the wage index plus 1%, and the cap for 
non-regulated contracts is the lower of CPI plus 1% or wage index plus 1%. See "Description of Heimstaden 
Bostad – Lease Activities". 
Although several central banks, including the European Central Bank and the U.S. Federal Reserve, have 
announced interest rate cuts in the past year, these have been limited in size and frequency and interest rates 
remain at elevated levels. Whilst inflationary pressures are expected to decline, any further significant 
increase in interest rates, depending on the size and pace of such rising, could potentially lead to a slowdown 
in general economic activity and, in severe cases, to a recession. Raising inflation may also affect the 
Group’s financial condition in general, which may have an effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition and results of operations. See "Risk Factors – Fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect 
the Group's business". 
Risks relating to pandemics or other extraordinary events  
The Group conducts its business within the real estate market and is consequently affected by general 
economic trends outside the Group's control. The occurrence of extraordinary events, such as the outbreak

--- Page 18 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 8 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
of disease epidemics or a public health crisis comparable to the Covid 19 coronavirus ("Covid-19"), could 
have an adverse impact on the global economy as a whole and may lead to a global recession, or even a 
depression.  Any such further outbreaks, particularly in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, could 
significantly adversely affect economic growth and impact business operations across the economy 
generally and, by extension, real estate markets, both as a result of weakened economic activity and in terms 
of the health and wellbeing of employees being affected. 
Such weakening of the economy and or operations could have a material adverse impact on the financial 
performance or operations of, or the cost of funding for, the Group.  
Risks Relating to the Group's Business Operations 
Decreases in the occupancy rate and increases in the tenant turnover may weaken the Group's results 
Tenant turnover is an integral part of the residential investment business, and results in costs to the Group, 
for example, related to the signing of rental agreements and minor renovations typically made in connection 
with a tenant moving out of the apartment. Part of the Group's strategy involves attempting to reduce tenant 
turnover through, for example, repairs enhancing the attractiveness of the apartments that it owns. See 
"Description of Heimstaden Bostad – Group Strategy".  
The Group's occupancy rate and tenant turnover depend to a great extent on general economic factors and 
the level of new-build construction activity. The occupancy rate of the Group's properties has a significant 
impact on the Group's business. The Group aims to secure a high letting rate by, among other things, 
actively developing its property portfolio to meet the demand for residential and commercial premises. If 
the vacancy rate increases, the Group will lose rental income while having to cover the maintenance costs 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future projects. 
Decrease in fair value of the Group's properties will result in revaluation losses 
The Group's real estate properties are reported at fair value in the balance sheet and any change in the fair 
value of the Group's properties is recorded in the income statement for the period during which the 
revaluation of the Group's properties occurs. The Group's investment properties in Denmark, Sweden, 
Poland, the Netherlands, Germany, Czechia, Finland and the UK are valued by external valuers on a 
quarterly basis, and its investment properties in Norway are valued by external valuers on an annual basis 
for the residential part of the portfolio and on a quarterly basis for the commercial, parking and development 
potential part of the portfolio. See "Description of Heimstaden Bostad – Valuation of Investment 
Properties". Unrealised changes in value do not affect the cash flow. Fair value of investment properties 
represents the price in the local primary market taking into account a number of factors, some of which are 
real estate specific, such as the condition and location of the property as well as occupancy ratio and 
operative expenses whereas others are market-specific, such as yield requirements and cost of capital that 
are derived from comparable transactions on the real estate market. Decreases in the fair value of the 
Group's properties could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and future prospects. In addition, decreases in the fair value of the Group's properties would 
have negative effects on the Group's performance indicators, particularly the net asset value, which could 
have a negative influence on the rating of Heimstaden Bostad. 
Property valuation is subjective and uncertain to some extent 
Although the majority of the Group's properties are valued quarterly by qualified external valuers, the 
appropriateness of sources of information used and the credibility of the valuations are, to a certain extent, 
subjective and, thus, subject to uncertainty. The Group's real estate properties are accounted for in the 
balance sheet at actual value and the changes in value are accounted for in the income statement. Non-
realised value changes do not affect the cash flow. Valuations are based on a "highest-and-best-use" 
principle to determine the use that will result in the highest value of properties. Explicit income, implicit 
income and sales comparison approaches are all used to value the Group's properties. 
Rental prices in the property portfolio are expected to follow inflation over time. Assumptions have also 
been made regarding future operating and maintenance payments. These assumptions are based on historic 
outcomes and future projections as well as estimated standardised costs. Operating and maintenance costs 
are adjusted upwards each year by inflation. Yield requirements and the cost of capital used in the valuation

--- Page 19 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 9 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
model have been derived from comparable transactions in the property market. Important factors in 
choosing a yield requirement are location, rental rate, vacancy rate and the condition of the property. 
Comparable valuations are based on data from historical transactions of condominiums and with additional 
certain assumptions at a specified date. In the event of significant and rapid market changes, such historical 
data may not accurately reflect the current market value of the Group's properties. Furthermore, the 
assumptions may prove to be inaccurate, and adverse market changes since the date when such assumptions 
were made may cause significant declines in the value of the Group's properties. In addition, the use of 
different assumptions or valuation models would likely produce different valuation results. See "Risk 
Factors - Inflation may affect the Group’s business, financial condition and result of operations". 
As a result of the factors above, there can be no assurance that the valuations accurately reflect the current 
market value of the Group's properties and property-related assets as at the date of valuation or any other 
date. Incorrect assumptions or flawed assessments underlying the valuations, or materialisation of any of 
the above risks, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future prospects. See "Description of Heimstaden Bostad – Valuation of Investment 
Properties". 
Increasing refurbishment and maintenance costs, without a corresponding increase in rental income, 
may result in a decreased profit margin and/or profitability or increased rents and thus decreased 
demand for properties 
The Group continuously carries out refurbishment and maintenance repairs in its properties primarily 
through in-house management teams and/or external contractors, which mainly result from their condition 
and requirements for energy-efficiency. The costs related to the refurbishment and maintenance of 
properties are significant and relate mainly to heating production, window and balcony renovations. The 
Group carries out regular refurbishment of its residential buildings on an interval basis depending on the 
type of maintenance needed, with larger refurbishment projects generally having intervals ranging from 30 
years to more than 40 years, depending on the location and type of refurbishment required.  
The Group expects the cost of refurbishment and maintenance repairs to increase with persistent or further 
rises in inflation, increased energy costs or supply constraints in the specific markets in which it operates, 
relative to the size of the Group's property portfolio. See "Risk Factors –Inflation may affect the Group's 
business, financial condition and result of operations". Further, refurbishment and maintenance repair costs 
may also increase, for example, from increasing legal requirements for energy-efficiency. 
If refurbishment and maintenance costs were to increase significantly and/or available cashflow for 
financing, of the Group's properties may decrease or the Group may be required to increase rents, which 
may, in turn, result in a decreased demand for the Group's properties. As a result, the Group may not be 
able to fully pass on the costs of refurbishment and maintenance to its tenants and the Group's investments 
in refurbishment and maintenance may not generate the expected return. Any of these risks could have a 
material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future 
prospects. 
Heimstaden AB could fail in the management of the "Heimstaden" brand 
The Group's success and its ability to differentiate itself from other real estate companies in the markets in 
which it operates are partially dependent on the value of the "Heimstaden" brand. The "Heimstaden" 
trademark is owned by Heimstaden AB (publ) ("Heimstaden AB") and licensed to the Group. The 
"Heimstaden" brand holds a great significance for both the Group's business operations, opportunities for 
it obtaining external financing under favourable terms and the implementation of its strategies. The integrity 
of the "Heimstaden" brand is important in all parts of its business (both for residential and commercial 
properties) and to the Group's business partners, such as municipalities, construction companies and lenders. 
In addition, corporate social responsibility forms part of the Group's customary long-term activities and, 
for example, many institutional investors impose stringent demands on the Group's sustainability efforts. 
Any negative publicity (whether in traditional or social media), negative tenant experience, litigation, 
supplier fraud, employee misconduct, media speculation, regulatory actions or similar could have an 
adverse effect on the "Heimstaden" brand and its development. Should the "Heimstaden" brand lose value, 
regaining any lost brand value might prove impossible or require incurrence of significant costs. This, in 
turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations 
and future prospects.

--- Page 20 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 10 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Shareholders agreement of Heimstaden Bostad and dispute risk 
The shareholders of Heimstaden Bostad (as further outlined in the section "Description of Heimstaden 
Bostad – Shareholders") are parties to a shareholders agreement pertaining to Heimstaden Bostad, the 
current version of which was amended and restated in July 2022 (the "Heimstaden Bostad SHA"). All 
new shareholders of Heimstaden Bostad are required to enter into the Heimstaden Bostad SHA. The 
Heimstaden Bostad SHA has its first expiry date on 31 December 2047, and changes to the Heimstaden 
Bostad SHA are subject to all shareholders voting in favour thereof. 
Shareholders agreements are typically bespoke contracts which contain clauses and regulations which can 
be interpreted differently, and the shareholders of Heimstaden Bostad may interpret provisions of the 
Heimstaden Bostad SHA differently, which may lead to a dispute. Furthermore, the shareholders of 
Heimstaden Bostad may initiate re-negotiations of the Heimstaden Bostad SHA.  
On 12 December 2024, Heimstaden AB, being a shareholder in Heimstaden Bostad, announced that another 
shareholder, Alecta Tjänstepension Ömsesidig, had initiated arbitration proceedings against Heimstaden 
Investment AB, a wholly owned subsidiary of Heimstaden AB, under the Heimstaden Bostad SHA. Alecta 
argues that the establishment of Heim Global Investor AS by Fredensborg AS / Ivar Tollefsen, and the 
investments into its fund, competes with the business of Heimstaden Bostad and therefore constitutes a 
breach of the Heimstaden Bostad SHA. Heimstaden Investment AB disagrees, noting that Heimstaden 
Bostad is not active within the business of fund management and that the investment made by Heim Global 
Investor AS's fund falls within the exemption to the non-compete undertaking in the Heimstaden Bostad 
SHA. 
Although Heimstaden AB considers the proceedings to be without merit and has accordingly not taken any 
provision in respect of these proceedings, the consequences of an adverse determination could be material 
for Heimstaden Bostad itself and for the shareholders’ relationship and their ability to manage their shared 
investment in Heimstaden Bostad in an open and collaborative manner. This, or any other future disputes 
arising out of or in connection with the Heimstaden Bostad SHA may also involve significant legal costs 
and engagement of management time on issues that do not further the business interests of either 
Heimstaden AB or Heimstaden Bostad and could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Group management agreement of Heimstaden Bostad  
The Group is dependent on Heimstaden AB, together with subsidiaries of Heimstaden AB, to provide it 
with group management services. Heimstaden AB’s wholly owned subsidiary, Heimstaden Group Manager 
AB, has a group-level management agreement in place with Heimstaden Bostad (the "Group Management 
Agreement"), whereby Heimstaden Group Manager AB, together with its subsidiaries, as the manager, 
provides strategic and group management services to Heimstaden Bostad. Heimstaden Group Manager AB 
holds the strategic responsibility for the management of the Group. 
The Group Management Agreement is valid for the duration of the Heimstaden Bostad SHA. There is a 
risk that the shareholders of Heimstaden Bostad may initiate re-negotiations of the Group Management 
Agreement. Changes to the Group Management Agreement are subject to all shareholders voting in favour 
thereof. 
The Group's success is, to a large extent, dependent on Heimstaden AB and certain of its subsidiaries 
continuing to provide group level functions such as accounting and finance functions, investment, corporate 
finance, and transaction teams, human resources functions, and the overall competence and experience of 
senior executives. If there were to be any changes to the cost or quality of these group level services, or any 
interruption of these services, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects if the Group is unable to find an appropriate replacement 
within a reasonable timeframe. 
Heimstaden Bostad is a holding company; it is reliant on dividend and group contribution upstreaming 
Heimstaden Bostad is a holding company. As is common with property groups, its material assets are its 
shareholdings in its subsidiaries and its associated companies. Heimstaden Bostad may use some of the 
proceeds of the sale of the Notes issued by it to repay certain of its own debts, and may on-lend proceeds 
under intercompany loans to its subsidiaries for them to repay or refinance certain of their indebtedness.

--- Page 21 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 11 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Other than the receivables under intercompany loans and any other intra-group loans of proceeds made in 
connection with other financing transactions, Heimstaden Bostad depends on the distribution of dividends 
and group contributions and other payments from its subsidiaries. In meeting its payment obligations under 
the Notes issued or guaranteed by it, Heimstaden Bostad is dependent on the profitability and cash flow of 
its subsidiaries, whose ability to make dividend or similar distributions may be subject to restrictions as a 
result of factors such as low profitability, restrictive covenants contained in loan agreements and ancillary 
agreements such as pledge agreements, foreign exchange limitations, or regulatory, fiscal or other 
restrictions. In the event that Heimstaden Bostad's subsidiaries are not able (in whole or in part) to make 
the expected dividends or similar distributions to Heimstaden Bostad, this could impact Heimstaden 
Bostad's liquidity and therefore its ability to make payments in respect of its obligations in respect of the 
Notes. 
Loss of key personnel or failure in recruiting new key personnel may undermine the Group's operations 
The Group's financial performance is dependent on the contribution of key personnel. Key personnel 
include Heimstaden AB's senior management and a number of other employees in key positions in the 
Group. The Group's success is, to a large extent, dependent on the ability to recruit, motivate and retain 
highly skilled staff at every level of its organisation. The Group and Heimstaden AB may fail in retaining 
key personnel and recruiting skilled staff. Any loss of senior management or other employees with special 
expertise could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future prospects. 
Dependency on the ultimate majority shareholder 
The ultimate majority shareholders of Heimstaden AB (the majority shareholder of Heimstaden Bostad) 
are Ivar and Ninja Tollefsen who together, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, indirectly own 
approximately 97% of the votes in Fredensborg AS and own, through Fredensborg AS and affiliated 
companies, indirectly 70.84% of the share capital and 95.97% of votes in Heimstaden AB, which in turn 
owns 36.2% of the capital (where capital means Heimstaden Bostad's net asset value excluding non-
controlling interests and hybrid capital) and 50.1% of the votes in Heimstaden Bostad. Ivar and Ninja 
Tollefsen may together, therefore, be able to prevent or delay a change of control in respect of the Group, 
or take other actions that may be contrary to the interests of the Group's other stakeholders. Further, the 
personal connections and business relationships of Ivar and Ninja Tollefsen are important to the conduct of 
the Group's business. No assurance can be given that Ivar and Ninja Tollefsen will continue to make their 
services available to the Group indefinitely. The Group does not maintain any 'key-man' insurance on Ivar 
or Ninja Tollefsen.  
Variations in supply and demand on the residential market and the market for commercial premises may 
affect the value of properties and rental levels 
The Group's income is affected by the occupancy rate of the properties, the possibility of charging market-
related rents as well as tenants' ability to pay rents. The occupancy rate and rental levels are largely 
determined by general and regional economic trends and, in relation to Sweden, Germany, Denmark, the 
Netherlands, Norway, Czechia, Finland, the UK and Poland, the rental levels are in addition affected by 
applicable rent regulations. See "Risk Factors – Rental regulations may restrict the Group's ability to 
increase rents". 
The residential market is sensitive to fluctuations in supply and demand. Residential prices in the European 
markets in which the Group is present have historically followed macroeconomic development in a cyclical 
manner, while the demand for rental apartments has historically been countercyclical. The value of 
properties and rental levels are affected by a number of factors, including events related to domestic and 
international politics, interest rates, economic growth, the availability of credit and taxation. Changes in 
supply and demand on the property market in specific areas within the countries where the Group is present, 
resulting from new construction, investor supply and demand and other factors, may also materially affect 
the values of properties regardless of the overall development in these residential markets. 
In addition, an oversupply of rental apartments or commercial premises could lead to rent decreases, which 
could have an adverse effect on the Group's rental income. A decrease in the prices of apartments and 
commercial properties is likely to have a direct impact on the fair value of the Group's property portfolio. 
The required return may increase in the future, which could lead to a reduction in the value of the Group's 
property portfolio.

--- Page 22 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 12 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Rental regulations may restrict the Group's ability to increase rents 
The ability of the Group to increase rents under its tenancy agreements may be limited by applicable rent 
regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Group's properties are located.  
For example, in Sweden, there is a legal principle of "utility value" (Bruksvärdesprincipen) which requires 
that rent levels should be proportionate to the quality and standard of the residential unit in question and 
can only be increased to a level that is in line with the rent that is charged on other comparable residential 
units (consequently, rents can only be subject to more significant above-inflation increases when the 
residential units have been upgraded). As a further example, in Germany, there are legal restrictions on the 
ability to increase rent on existing leases and in general, rents can only be increased by 20% over three 
years and only up to the locally prevailing comparative levels of rent (ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete), which 
are set out in regularly published rent indices (Mietspiegel) by the municipalities. In certain cities classified 
as having a tight housing market, stricter restrictions on rent increases exist. In the context of the Group's 
development projects that relate to the upgrade of the Group's properties, to the extent that the Group is or 
becomes restricted by applicable rental regulations from increasing the rent payable on such upgraded 
properties, this could have a material impact on the Group's ability to recover the costs and expenses 
associated with the upgrade of those residential units and this could, in turn, have a material impact on the 
Group's operations, earnings and/or financial condition. 
The further tightening of any applicable rental regulations in a specific market could have a negative impact 
on the market rental rates payable in that market. Any general decreases in the rental levels of the Group's 
properties as a result of decreases in market rental rates could have a negative effect on the value of the 
Group's properties and this, in turn, could have a material impact on the growth and financial prospects of 
the Group. 
Changes in legislation, tax laws and regulations may adversely affect the value of the Group's properties 
or results, increase its expenses and/or slow or halt the development of investments 
The Group must comply with a wide variety of laws, regulations and provisions, including urban planning 
regulations, construction and operating permits, building standards, construction codes, health, safety, 
environmental, energy-efficiency, competition and labour laws, laws relating to rent levels and the rights 
of tenants as well as corporate, accounting and tax laws. The general rights of tenants vary between markets; 
however, the Group has the ability to terminate the leases of tenants in all of its markets under certain 
conditions. Tenant protection is stronger in some of the Group's markets, like Sweden, where the contractual 
basis is perpetual contracts and the tenant association has a stronger position, and weaker in less regulated 
markets, like Czechia. Changes in such laws, regulations and provisions or their interpretations could 
require the Group to adapt its business operations, assets or strategy, potentially leading to a negative impact 
on the value of its properties or its results, an increase in its expenses and/or slowing or even halting of the 
development of certain investments. In particular, requirements for energy efficiency have become more 
stringent in recent years, which results, among other things, in increased construction and refurbishment 
prices. See "Risk Factors – Increasing refurbishment and maintenance costs, without a corresponding 
increase in rental income, may result in a decreased profit margin and/or profitability or increased rents 
and thus decreased demand for properties". 
Tax laws, including real estate transfer tax laws, and regulations or their interpretation and application 
practices may be subject to change in the countries in which the Group operates, for example, the published 
EU Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 on ensuring a global minimum level of taxation for multinational 
enterprises with consolidated revenue of at least EUR 750 million introducing a global minimum level of 
taxation at a rate of 15% (Pillar Two) as implemented in the Netherlands in the Minimum tax act 2024 (Wet 
minimumbelasting 2024) as well as in Sweden in ((Lag 2023:875) om tilläggsskatt). Historically, the Group 
has been able to make use of the utilisation of tax losses from companies it acquires as well as from existing 
companies within the Group to reduce its tax burden. However, there can be no assurance that the Group 
will be able to continue to rely on tax losses carried forward as there could be changes in tax laws and 
regulation or their interpretation and application. This would mean that the Group could be liable to pay 
additional tax which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition and 
cash flow.

--- Page 23 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 13 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Under EU Directive 2016/1164 there is, for example, a general limitation for interest deductions by way of 
an EBITDA-rule under which net interest expenses should be deductible only up to a certain percentage of 
the taxpayer's EBITDA for tax purposes (ATAD 1). Local legislation in Europe similar to, or based on, the 
EU Directive 2016/1164 has been implemented in all of the Group's current markets, and changes may 
cause the Group's final tax allowance, attributable to interest, to decrease as a result of the reduced 
allowance cap, which would result in lower profits after tax. 
Tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, may also change in other ways in the 
countries in which the Group operates. It is uncertain to what extent such future changes may affect the 
Group. Such changes may, among other things, have an adverse effect on the Group's cash flow and profit 
after tax as well as its business and future prospects. 
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
The Group's operations depend, in part, on various permits and the decisions of municipalities and other 
government authorities 
In order for the Group's properties to be used and developed as desired, various permits and decisions can 
be required, including local plans and various kinds of property registrations, which are approved and given 
by, for instance, municipalities and authorities, and which are resolved on both a political and on an 
administrative level. There is a risk that in the future the Group is not granted the permits or decisions 
necessary to conduct and develop its business as desired. Furthermore, there is always a risk that decisions 
are challenged by third parties and, as a result thereof, are delayed significantly, or that the established 
decision making practice or the political will or direction are changed in the future in an adverse manner 
for the Group. Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Legal or regulatory proceedings or claims could have a material adverse effect on the Group 
The Group may become involved in, or a subject of, legal or regulatory proceedings or claims relating to 
its operations. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of legal, regulatory, and other adversarial 
proceedings or claims, and there can be no assurance as to the outcome of such proceedings or claims, 
whether existing or arising in the future. In the normal course of its business operations, the Group could 
be involved in legal proceedings relating, for example, to alleged breaches of contract by the Group, 
employers' liabilities, defective title and property mis-description, and be subject to tax and administrative 
audits. Any unfavourable judgment against the Group in relation to any legal or regulatory proceedings or 
claims, or the settlement thereof, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's reputation, business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.  
Failures of regulatory compliance or business ethics could adversely affect the Group's reputation and 
operations 
The Group collaborates with a number of stakeholders (colleagues, tenants, shareholders, partners, 
suppliers, and contractors, etc.) and has broad tenant and supplier bases. Many participants are involved 
within the Group's operations and services and products are procured through subcontractors at several 
levels. The Group has put in place a business partner policy and a procurement manual and new assessments 
for both new and re-negotiated suppliers but it is always a challenge for the Group to get an overview of its 
extended supply chain and there is a risk of activities occurring that violate the Group's values, breach its 
code of conduct, infringe human rights, involve corruption, or breach regulations. There is also a risk that 
employees will commit such violations in their interactions with colleagues, tenants, and other third parties. 
Such shortcomings in ethical standards and/or regulatory compliance could result in financial losses, 
sanctions from supervisory authorities, tarnished reputation and delisting of Heimstaden Bostad's equity 
and/or the Group's debt securities. The realisation of such risks could adversely affect the Group's results 
and financial position. 
As a large player in the property industry, risks to the Group are also found in health and safety, corruption, 
and human rights. These risks may be found internally in the Group as well as at suppliers and partners 
who work on behalf of the Group. All suppliers to the Group must sign the business partner principles 
covering all the aforementioned areas. This social responsibility risk could give rise to significant damage

--- Page 24 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 14 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
to the Group's reputation, result in legal or regulatory proceedings, could impact the Group's access to 
capital and could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings, and financial 
position. 
Apartment renting and construction are highly competitive businesses 
Renting apartments is a highly competitive business in the markets in which the Group is present. The 
Group's main competitors in the rental apartments business are private households, municipalities, parishes, 
foundations and corporate investors. The Group's competitors may have greater financial, technical, and 
marketing resources and a greater ability to source investment opportunities and borrow funds to acquire 
properties, and may have the ability or desire to acquire properties on terms less favourable than those the 
Group may be prepared to accept. Competition in the real estate market may also lead to the Group not 
being successful in identifying or acquiring suitable investment opportunities, and may negatively impact 
the ability of the Group to secure tenants at satisfactory rental levels and on a timely basis, and to 
subsequently retain such tenants. The competition for attractive plots has led to a steep increase in plot 
prices. Furthermore, an upward trend in construction usually increases construction prices, which, in turn, 
decreases the profitability of construction projects and delays the commencement of new projects. There 
can be no assurance that the Group can meet the intensifying competition on the apartment renting market. 
Increasing competition could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and future prospects. 
Potential future acquisitions and recently completed acquisitions may contain inherent risks and could 
lead to overestimates and non-identification of potential risks and liabilities 
Acquisition of properties constitutes a central part of the Group's business model. The acquisition of real 
estate requires, among other things, an analysis that is subject to a wide variety of factors, including 
subjective assessments and assumptions as to current and future prospects. It is possible that the Group may 
overestimate the potential of a real estate asset when making acquisition decisions or may base its decision 
on inaccurate information or assumptions that turn out to be incorrect. The Group may also underestimate 
the likelihood that a newly acquired real estate asset will require substantial renovation or capital repairs. 
Such errors may only become apparent at a later stage and force the Group to recognise fair value losses 
on its statement of financial position and income statement. 
Furthermore, the Group cannot guarantee that its due diligence when acquiring a real estate asset will 
uncover all the potential liabilities and risks related to the property (such as construction defects) or that it 
will have recourse to the seller of the property for the non-disclosure of such risks. Furthermore, 
acquisitions involving entire companies could result in additional company-specific risks that only 
materialise after closing. Official information in the public registers of some of the countries in which the 
Group has its operations or assets may not be accurate and complete. Thus, although the Group may have 
to rely upon the information contained in land registers, it may not have effective recourse against the 
government of the relevant country if the information upon which the Group relied in deciding whether or 
not to make an investment was inaccurate, misleading or incomplete. 
Furthermore, the Group may acquire properties in new jurisdictions, and it may not be as familiar with the 
commercial, legal or regulatory environment as its current geographical markets. As a result, the Group 
may not be able to accurately judge its potential return on investment and such returns may be lower than 
expected and materially impact the financial position and income statement of the Group. 
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
The Group may be exposed to material environmental liabilities or may be liable to claims for damages 
as a result of the use of hazardous materials 
The Group must comply with all local regulations in relation to the environment and health and safety in 
respect of its properties. The main environmental impacts caused by the Group's operations relate to 
contaminated soil. Soil contamination can cause substantial delays and increase the cost of construction 
projects (including new construction as well as conversions and extensions). 
As the owner of the properties and land, the Group could be held liable for deterioration, damage, 
encumbrance or other hazardous causes originating from the operation of the properties. Any such event or

--- Page 25 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 15 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
material decrease in the value of the properties, or environmental issues that are not known or not 
recognisable at the time of the purchase or occurring at a later date, could have a material adverse effect on 
the business and financial condition of the Group. 
The Group has established an environmental policy and works actively to address environmental issues. 
See "Description of Heimstaden Bostad – Environment, Social and Governance ("ESG") strategy". Under 
legislation in many of the countries in which the Group operates, the party conducting an activity which 
has contributed to pollution is also responsible for treating it. If the party conducting the activity cannot 
carry out or pay for such treatment and the party acquiring the property was aware of, or should have 
discovered the pollution, then the acquirer is responsible for carrying out the treatment. Under legislation 
in certain countries in which the Group operates, the party conducting an activity which has contributed to 
pollution is responsible for treating it, along with any other person who is competent and actually able to 
prevent or limit a violation of such legislation (for example, the owner of property on which polluting 
activities were carried out). Under certain circumstances, previous owners and current owners can also be 
held liable for pollution. An acquirer may be required to observe restrictions on the use of land laid out in 
any "after-care plan" agreed pursuant to such legislation. 
The costs of any removal or clean up that may be necessary due to any deterioration, contamination, 
damage, encumbrance or hazardous materials may be higher than anticipated by the Group. Failure to 
comply with environmental regulations, or the need to comply with stricter new environmental regulations 
that may be introduced, could lead to higher costs or hinder the development of the Group's operations. 
There can be no assurance that the Group could not become liable for material environmental damage or 
other environmental liabilities in the future. Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Risks related to climate change could adversely affect the Group's operations 
From the perspective of the Group, climate change presents the risk of damage to property caused over time 
by altered weather conditions, rising sea levels and other changes in the physical environment that affect 
properties. As a property business, these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group compared 
with other businesses as the Group relies on its physical infrastructure to generate its income. For example, 
the Group owns properties in Denmark (of which a part of the portfolio is located in the region of Greater 
Copenhagen) that are situated near to the sea and climate change may cause damage to those buildings as 
a consequence of flooding. There is also a risk that certain construction materials may be unable to cope 
with the stresses that a changed climate involves. Furthermore, as extreme weather patterns continue to 
emerge, severe weather conditions could delay the construction of developments or increase costs for new 
apartments. As climate change is ongoing, these risks could potentially increase in the long term. This could 
mean a greater need for investments in properties situated in vulnerable areas. Investments in the wrong 
type of measures for properties could lead to the risk of unprofitable investments if climate risk is not 
appropriately considered and failure to invest at all in mitigation measures could result in investments being 
written off. Climate change could also entail higher operating expenses. In addition, environmental-political 
decisions could affect the Group, not least in the form of higher taxes, energy costs or necessary 
investments. Moreover, increased climate related requirements imposed by investors, tenants and other 
stakeholders could also affect the Group. An inability to deliver on investors' criteria could negatively 
impact the Group's access to capital. As a real estate business, these risks could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group compared with other businesses as the Group relies on its physical infrastructure to 
produce its income. The Group also has portfolios concentrated in several cities across Europe (see 
"Description of Heimstaden Bostad – Investment Property Portfolio" below) and if climate change 
detrimentally impacts such cities then the value of such portfolios, and the earnings capacity from such 
portfolios, could reduce significantly. Moreover, the Group's business could also be affected by increased 
climate related requirements imposed by regulatory authorities, investors, tenants and other stakeholders, 
for example a requirement to reduce the Group's CO2 emissions. Any such changes or new requirements 
could adversely affect the Group's operations, results and financial position. 
Potential illiquidity of the property market could make it difficult for the Group to dispose of properties 
In accordance with its strategy, the Group makes selective divestments of properties. Such divestments may 
be affected by many factors beyond the Group's control, such as the availability of bank financing to 
potential buyers, interest rates and the supply of and demand for properties. A possible lack of liquidity in 
the property market may limit the Group's ability to sell its properties or modify its property portfolio in a 
timely manner in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Should the Group be required to

--- Page 26 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 16 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
divest part of its properties due to, for example, its inability to obtain financing, there can be no assurance 
that such divestments will be profitable or that such divestments will be possible at all, if the market 
functions inadequately or is illiquid. Unsuccessful divestments of properties could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
System malfunctions in the Group's operations may decrease the efficiency and/or profitability of the 
Group's operations 
The Group's operations are dependent on information systems and on its ability to operate such information 
systems efficiently and to introduce new technologies, systems and safety and back-up systems. Such 
information systems include telecommunication systems and software applications that the Group uses to 
control business operations, manage its property portfolio and risks, prepare operating and financial reports 
and to execute treasury operations.  
The operation of the Group's information systems may be interrupted due to, among other things, power 
cuts, computer or telecommunication malfunctions, computer viruses, defaults by IT suppliers, crime 
targeted at information systems, such as security breaches and cyber-attacks from unauthorised persons 
outside and inside the Group, or major disasters, such as fires or natural disasters, as well as human error 
by the Group's own staff. Material interruptions or serious malfunctions in the operation of the information 
systems may impair and weaken the Group's business, financial condition and the profitability of its 
operations. The Group may also face difficulties when developing new systems and maintaining or updating 
current systems in order to maintain its competitiveness. In particular, malfunctions in its IT systems could 
delay the Group in issuing rental invoices to its tenants and/or prevent the Group from renting available 
apartments. Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.  
Incorrect or inadequate processing of sensitive information 
The Group processes and stores information and data of various kinds in both electronic and physical form, 
including data about tenants and, to the extent that it exists, insider information. Among other things, the 
Group processes personal data relating to employees, consultants, and tenants. When the Group processes 
such data, it is of great importance that the processing takes place in accordance with, among other things, 
the local laws of each jurisdiction in which it operates and EU regulations, such as the General Data 
Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR"). For example, there are strict requirements for informing 
people about what personal data the Group processes and that this processing takes place in a manner that 
is consistent with the purpose for which the personal data was collected. If the Group is not compliant in 
its processing of personal data, there is a risk that the Group will have to pay penalty fees for violations of, 
for example, GDPR as caused by such events. In addition, there is a risk that the Group will fail to properly 
handle confidential or sensitive information or that such information will be disclosed or made available to 
third parties as a result of, for example, data breaches or so-called extortion viruses or extortion programmes 
(ransomware). If the Group fails to properly process personal data, breaches applicable privacy laws or 
privacy provisions in its agreements, or if confidential or sensitive information is disclosed or made 
available to third parties, it may have a material adverse effect on the Group's reputation, business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
The Group could incur losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its insurance 
The Group has insurance coverage, for example, in respect of property and business interruption. However, 
it is difficult to obtain insurance policies for property that provide full coverage on various types of 
disasters, such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters and war. There are also other factors that may affect the 
chances of getting sufficient insurance compensation to make the Group whole following damage to insured 
properties, for example inflation, tax, changes in construction regulations and environmental concerns. The 
actual losses suffered by the Group could be material and exceed its insurance coverage, which could have 
a material adverse effect on the relevant Issuer's business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
Interests of the relevant Issuer's or, if applicable, the Guarantor's shareholders may conflict with those 
of the holders of the Notes 
The interests of the relevant Issuer's or, if applicable, the Guarantor's shareholders, in certain circumstances, 
may conflict with those of the holders, particularly if the relevant Issuer encounters financial difficulties or 
is unable to pay its debts when due. In addition, the relevant Issuer's or, if applicable, the Guarantor's

--- Page 27 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 17 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
shareholders may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other transactions 
that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments, even though such transactions might involve 
risks to the holders. Any of these actions could have an adverse effect on the relevant Issuer's or, if 
applicable, the Guarantor's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Financial Risks 
Fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect the Group's business 
Interest costs are one of the Group's largest cost items. Given the current macroeconomic situation, central 
banks around the world, including the European Central Bank and the U.S. Federal Reserve, have utilised 
policy tools, including but not limited to raising interest rates in order to control inflation. Although several 
central banks, including the European Central Bank and the U.S. Federal Reserve, have announced interest 
rate cuts in the past year, these have been limited in size and frequency and interest rates remain at elevated 
levels. Interest rate fluctuations affect the Group's profits through changes in interest expenses and the 
market values of interest rate hedging. Furthermore, fluctuations in interest rates may affect the Group's 
rental apartment business and the valuation of its properties. Although a significant increase in interest rates 
may considerably affect house owners' ability to pay interest on housing loans, and therefore may cause 
house owners to consider rental housing alternatives, it may also affect private consumption and decrease 
the value of properties. In addition, an increase in the interest rates could have a material adverse effect on 
the cost of financing and the Group's current financing expenses. 
The Group uses interest rate derivatives to manage the interest rate risk relating to its floating interest rates 
risk, but may not be able to manage all risks related to interest rates. The interest rate derivatives are reported 
at fair value in the balance sheet and with changes in value in the profit and loss account. As the market 
interest rates change, a theoretical over or under value on the interest rate derivatives can occur, however, 
this does not affect the cash flow. The derivative constitutes a hedging against higher interest rates, but it 
also means that the market value of the Group's interest rate derivatives decreases if the market interest 
rates decrease, which in turn has a negative impact on the Group's financial condition and results of 
operations from time to time, for example in the fair value adjustment of financial derivative instruments 
in the Consolidated Comprehensive Income Statement. In the event a negative value of a derivative is 
realised it will have a negative effect on the liquidity of the Group. 
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
The Group may not receive financing at competitive terms or at all and may fail in repaying/refinancing 
its existing debt 
Uncertainty in the financial markets or tightening regulation of banks and/or additional macroeconomic 
factors affecting banks, including rising or persistently high interest rates, could mean that the price of 
financing needed to carry out the Group's business, will increase and that such financing will be less readily 
available. As a result of the Group's intentions to raise additional debt from the capital markets, the Group 
is exposed to future adverse changes in those markets. The level of the Group's leverage may also affect its 
ability to refinance its existing debt, which, in turn, could also affect its competitiveness and limit its ability 
to react to market conditions and economic downturns. 
The Group's target net debt / net debt plus equity ratio is set at below or equal to 60%. The Group currently 
follows the S&P method, classifying hybrid capital as 50% equity, compared to the IFRS method which 
classifies hybrid capital as 100% equity. As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2024, the Group's net 
debt / net debt plus equity ratio was 58.6% and 56.9%, respectively. 
The Group conducts continual negotiations with banks and credit institutions aimed at securing its long-
term financing. The Group cooperates closely with a multitude of lenders in order to secure its long-term 
capital requirements. However, no assurance can be given that the Group may not have difficulty in raising 
new debt, repaying its existing debt or fulfilling its equity ratio target in the future. Any failure to repay the 
principal or pay interest in respect of the Group's existing debt, the inability to refinance existing debt, or 
to raise new debt at corresponding or more favourable financial and other terms than currently in force, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
future prospects.

--- Page 28 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 18 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Risks posed by the Group's financing model 
The Group is financed through equity and interest-bearing debt as well as its cashflows. A large part of the 
Group's interest-bearing debt is borrowed or issued by the Group's subsidiaries, which means that the 
financial risks in the Group are to a large extent attributable to its subsidiaries. A large part of such long-
term financing on the subsidiary level consists of bilateral credit facilities. There are certain obligations 
under such credit facilities on maintaining, for example, certain interest cover ratios and certain loan to 
value ratios. This means that the creditors of the subsidiaries could be entitled to demand repayment in 
advance of the creditors of the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, if the relevant Group 
subsidiaries do not fulfil such obligations. If such a demand is made, it could adversely affect the relevant 
Issuer's or, if applicable, the Guarantor's financial position. For further information see "Description of 
Heimstaden Bostad – Group Strategy – Funding Strategy". 
The Group is dependent on Heimstaden Bostad's long-term credit rating to pursue its financing strategy 
Heimstaden Bostad has a long-term rating of BBB- (outlook negative) from S&P and BBB- (outlook stable) 
from Fitch. If Heimstaden Bostad's long-term credit rating were to be downgraded, future issuances of 
unsecured bonds and notes by the Group may become significantly more expensive or may not be possible 
in the targeted amounts. S&P could downgrade Heimstaden Bostad's long-term credit rating if, for example, 
Heimstaden Bostad's secured leverage (secured debt divided by total assets) were to exceed certain levels, 
or Heimstaden Bostad's effective leverage (adjusted total debt divided by total assets) or fixed charge cover 
ratios were to exceed certain levels, both on a sustainable basis, or Heimstaden Bostad was unable to 
maintain an adequate liquidity profile at all times. The Group's total assets value is largely based on the 
value of its property portfolio and any significant decline in property values could impact the Group's credit 
metrics and therefore could result in a decrease in its long-term credit rating. See further "Risk Factors – 
Decrease in fair value of the Group's properties will result in revaluation losses" and "Risk Factors – 
Property valuation is subjective and uncertain to some extent". 
If any of the risks described above were to materialise, it would be more difficult for the Group to pursue 
its current financing strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
The Group's financings/insurance arrangements and operations involve counterparty risk 
Financial institutions are counterparties to the Group's long-term bank loans and insurance arrangements. 
During the financial crisis starting in 2007-2008, many banks and insurance companies in the US and 
Europe experienced financial difficulties, resulting in numerous mergers, acquisitions and bankruptcies 
among financial institutions, including government takeovers of certain financial institutions. The Group's 
principal counterparties in financing transactions are financial institutions which have avoided serious 
financial problems. However, there is no assurance that the Group's financing or insurance counterparties 
will not experience any financial difficulties in the future. 
Furthermore, the Group is reliant on its tenants to pay rent as contracted, otherwise it could face difficulties 
with liquidity if a substantial number of tenants failed to pay rent as contracted. The Group actively manages 
credit risk by requiring rent to be paid in advance for the majority of its rental contracts and its focus on 
residential letting ensures a large and diversified base of tenants which further minimises credit risk. 
However, it cannot be guaranteed that there will not in future be substantial defaults by the Group's tenants.  
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect the Group's profit and property value 
Heimstaden Bostad and the Group are each, respectively, exposed to indirect foreign exchange translation 
risk due to its investment in countries outside Sweden. 
The currency rate risk arises primarily when the balance sheets of non-Swedish subsidiaries of the Group 
are consolidated in the Group's balance sheet. The Group reports in SEK and all items in the balance sheet 
that are not denominated in SEK (including items for non-Swedish properties as well as all income and 
expenses generated by them and liabilities in currencies other than SEK) are converted to SEK. The Group 
uses cross-currency swaps from time to time to manage foreign exchange risks resulting from its issuances 
of securities denominated in EUR. Thus, when converting foreign items to SEK, a currency rate risk could 
arise. Should these risks develop negatively, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial 
position, earnings and future prospects.

--- Page 29 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 19 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
HBT is a special purpose vehicle and investors should therefore consider the financial condition and 
liquidity of Heimstaden Bostad and the Group in addition to that of HBT 
The principal activities of HBT are the issuance of euro-denominated financial instruments and intra-group 
arrangements with other members of the Group to on-lend the proceeds of the issuance of financial 
instruments. 
Accordingly, HBT's ability to pay interest and repay principal in respect of its borrowings, including the 
Notes issued by it, depends upon the financial condition and liquidity of Heimstaden Bostad and the Group. 
Notes issued by HBT will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Heimstaden Bostad. The 
Group further intends to provide HBT with liquidity by way of intra-group arrangements or other transfers 
of value in order for HBT to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued by it. However, if the Group does 
not provide liquidity, or due to other circumstances, conditions, laws or regulations is prevented from 
providing liquidity to HBT, there is a risk that HBT will not fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Therefore, 
investors in Notes issued by HBT should consider the risk factors, financial condition and liquidity of 
Heimstaden Bostad and the Group in addition to that of HBT. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of certain material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The claims of holders of the Notes are structurally subordinated 
As is usual for property companies, the Group's operations are principally conducted through subsidiaries. 
Accordingly, Heimstaden Bostad is, and will be, dependent on its subsidiaries' operations to service its 
payment obligations in respect of the Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable). Moreover, HBT is a special 
purpose financing vehicle that was formed for the purpose of raising debt for the Group. For more 
information see "Risk Factors – HBT is a special purpose vehicle and investors should therefore consider 
the financial condition and liquidity of Heimstaden Bostad and the Group in addition to that of HBT" and 
"Risk Factors – Heimstaden Bostad is a holding company; it is reliant on dividend and group contribution 
upstreaming". 
The Notes issued by Heimstaden Bostad and the Guarantee (if applicable) are structurally subordinated to 
the claims of all holders of debt securities and other creditors, including trade creditors, of Heimstaden 
Bostad's subsidiaries, and structurally and/or effectively subordinated to the extent of the value of collateral 
to all Heimstaden Bostad's and its subsidiaries' secured creditors. The Notes issued by Heimstaden Bostad 
will not be guaranteed by any of Heimstaden Bostad's subsidiaries or any other company or person. In the 
event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the business 
of any of Heimstaden Bostad's subsidiaries, unsecured creditors of such subsidiaries, secured creditors and 
obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application will 
generally have the right to be paid in full before any distribution is made to Heimstaden Bostad. As at 31 
December 2024, the book value of interest-bearing debt of the Group was SEK 184,292 million. 
The Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable) will be effectively subordinated to any of the relevant 
Issuer's or, as the case may be, the Guarantor's existing secured and future secured indebtedness 
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuers and the Guarantee is an unsecured obligation of the 
Guarantor (if applicable). The Notes and the Guarantee (if applicable) are, therefore, effectively 
subordinated to the relevant Issuer's or, as the case may be, the Guarantor's existing secured indebtedness 
and future secured indebtedness. Accordingly, holders of the relevant Issuer's or the Guarantor's secured 
indebtedness will have claims that are superior to the claims of Noteholders to the extent of the value of the 
assets securing such other indebtedness. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution of any of 
the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, the assets that serve as collateral for any secured 
indebtedness of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor would be available to satisfy the obligations under the 
secured indebtedness before any payments are made on the Notes or the Guarantee, as applicable. Other 
than as set out in Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge), Condition 4.2(a) (Limitations on the Incurrence of 
Financial Indebtedness) and Condition 4.2(c) (Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness), the 
Conditions do not prohibit the Issuers or, as the case may be, the Guarantor from incurring and securing

--- Page 30 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 20 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
future indebtedness. To the extent that the Issuers or, as the case may be, the Guarantor were to secure any 
of its future indebtedness, to the extent not required to secure the Notes or the Guarantee (as applicable) in 
accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed governing the Notes and the Guarantee, the relevant Issuer's 
obligations, in respect of the Notes, and the Guarantor's obligations, in respect of the Guarantee, would be 
effectively subordinated to such secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the security securing 
such indebtedness. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent 
of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee, which may be exercised without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a video conference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give 
their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. For more information as to these provisions, see Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders, 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination). 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of 
Noteholders and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, 
or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or 
(ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default 
shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes 
in place of the relevant Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 15 (Substitution) and 16 
(Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination). 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in law or administrative practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with such Notes are governed by English law, except that the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS 
as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, VPS Notes are governed by 
Norwegian law, each in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, 
Norwegian law or administrative practice in either jurisdiction after the date of this Base Prospectus and 
any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account 
with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant 
clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade.

--- Page 31 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 21 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Enforceability of judgments 
Each Issuer has submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of England in the conditions of the Notes.  
On 12 January 2024, the UK signed the Hague Convention of 2 July 2019 on the Recognition and 
Enforcement of Foreign Judgments in Civil or Commercial Matters ("Hague 2019"), which will come into 
force in the UK in July 2025. Hague 2019 provides for the mutual enforcement of judgments between the 
UK and the other contracting states, including EU member states, in proceedings started after the 
Convention comes into force in the UK. Asymmetric and non-exclusive jurisdiction clauses will be covered 
by Hague 2019 and will apply to judgments given in proceedings initiated after the Convention comes into 
effect, regardless of when the agreement was made. 
However, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the UK is not bound by any agreement, treaty or other 
instrument on mutual recognition and enforcement of judgments applicable in relation to the Notes with 
the EU or Sweden. As a result, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, and since the end of the transition 
period of the UK's withdrawal from the EU, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters obtained in the 
courts of England against Heimstaden Bostad, which is enforceable in the UK, will, in principle, neither be 
recognised nor enforceable in Sweden and the Noteholders would be required to re-litigate in the courts of 
Sweden. However, if any Noteholder brings a new action in a competent court in Sweden, the final 
judgment rendered in an English court may be submitted to the Swedish court but will only be regarded as 
evidence of the outcome of the dispute to which it relates, and the Swedish court has full discretion to rehear 
the dispute ab initio. Any retrial on a judgment's merits could therefore significantly delay or prevent the 
enforcement by holders of the obligations under the Notes. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. 
Credit ratings assigned to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Notes may not reflect all the risks 
associated with an investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor or the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn 
by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit 
ratings for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such 
general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating 
agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the 
relevant third country rating agency is certified in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such 
endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating 
agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation is not 
conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays 
between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of 
the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating

--- Page 32 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 22 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the EU CRA Regulation or 
the UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The relevant Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Guarantor will make any payments 
under the Guarantee in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions 
if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose 
or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency 
equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor to 
make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features: 
If the relevant Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of 
the Notes concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner 
which achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
relevant Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The relevant Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest 
rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 33 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 23 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Notes may be subject to redemption upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event. 
The use of proceeds of certain Notes issued under the Programme may be used to finance the acquisition 
of an Acquisition Target specified in the applicable Final Terms. Condition 7.5 (Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (Special Redemption Event Call)) includes a redemption feature 
which, if selected as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of Notes, will allow such Notes to be 
redeemed by the relevant Issuer (on either an optional or mandatory basis, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (namely that Heimstaden Bostad: (i) has 
not completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target by the Special Redemption Longstop 
Date; or (ii) has published an announcement that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the 
Acquisition Target, as further described in Condition 7.5 (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special 
Redemption Event (Special Redemption Event Call)) and the applicable Final Terms). 
If the Notes are redeemed following the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event, Noteholders may not 
obtain their expected return on such Notes and may not be able to reinvest the proceeds of such redemption 
in an investment that results in a comparable return. 
If a Special Redemption Event does not occur then Noteholders shall not have any right to require the 
redemption of their Notes and nor will any such right arise if, between the issue date of the Notes and the 
acquisition of the Acquisition Target, the Group or the Acquisition Target experiences any changes in its 
business or financial condition or if the terms of the acquisition of the Acquisition Target change. Whether 
or not the special redemption provision is ultimately triggered, it may adversely affect trading prices during 
the Special Optional Redemption Period for the Notes that include a Special Redemption Event Call. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the Copenhagen Interbank 
Offered Rate ("CIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Norwegian Interbank 
Offered Rate ("NIBOR") and the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate ("STIBOR")) are the subject of 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a 
benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the relevant benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 34 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 24 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high 
level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase 
the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published 
its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. On 4 December 2023, the 
group issued its final statement, announcing completion of its mandate. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including CIBOR, 
EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to such benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark 
and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or 
otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of Notes and the Agency Agreement provide for certain fallback arrangements 
in the event that an Original Reference Rate and/or any screen page on which an Original Reference Rate 
may be published (or any other successor page) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions) otherwise occurs. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the 
Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions), with the application of an Adjustment Spread and may include amendments to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or alternative benchmark, 
all as determined by an Independent Advisor (acting in good faith). The use of a Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or 
referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate 
of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or (in either case) 
Adjustment Spread is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest 
for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being 
used (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applies to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, 
the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is 
a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or 
any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement 
provisions of Notes in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing 
a benchmark. 
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no 
assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the relevant 
Issuer's intention to apply an amount, which at the issue date of the relevant Notes, is equal to the proceeds 
from an offer of those Notes specifically for the financing or refinancing of projects, assets and/or activities 
that promote climate-friendly and/or other environmental purposes, in accordance with Heimstaden 
Bostad's Green Bond Framework (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below). Prospective investors should 
have regard to the information in the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and in "Use of 
Proceeds" below and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of 
any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
In particular no assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, 
the Trustee, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that the use of such proceeds for any Green 
Projects (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or 
future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which

--- Page 35 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 25 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
such investor or its investments are required or intends to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations (including but not limited to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related 
technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and 
guidelines, or any similar legislation in the UK or any market standards or guidance, including the ICMA 
Principles) or by its own articles of association or other governing rules or investment mandates (in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects 
or uses, the subject of or related to, the Green Bond Framework). 
In addition, no assurance is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related 
to, any Green Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or labels (including but not 
limited to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond 
Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the UK 
or any market standards or guidance, including the ICMA Principles) or any requirements of such labels as 
they may evolve from time to time and, accordingly, the status of any Notes as being "green", "social", 
"environmental", "sustainable" (or equivalent) could be withdrawn at any time. Any Green Bonds issued 
under the Programme will not be compliant with the EU Green Bond Regulation and are only intended to 
comply with the requirements and processes in the Green Bond Framework. It is not clear if the 
establishment under the EU Green Bond Regulation of the EuGB label and the optional disclosures 
templates for bonds marketed as "environmentally sustainable" could have an impact on investor demand 
for, and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB 
label or the optional disclosures templates, such as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. It could 
result in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds 
issued under this Programme that do not comply with the requirements of the EU Green Bond Regulation.  
Each prospective investor should have regard to the factors described in the Green Bond Framework and 
seek advice from their independent financial adviser or other professional adviser as to the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of the Notes 
before deciding to invest. 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of the 
Green Bond Framework, Second Party Opinion (as defined below), any opinion, report or certification of 
any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer or any other member of the Group and 
including any post-issuance reports prepared by an external reviewer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion, 
report or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus. Any such opinion, report or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other 
aspects of any investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor 
preference or suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. Any 
such opinion, report or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the relevant 
Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Trustee, the Arranger, any Dealer, or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such opinion, report or certification is only current as of 
the date that such opinion, report or certification was initially issued. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. The EU Green Bond Regulation will introduce a supervisory regime of external 
reviewers of European Green Bonds but this is not due to take full effect until 21 June 2026. Prospective 
investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or 
the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion, report or certification for the purpose 
of any investment in such Notes. Investors in such Notes shall have no recourse against the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Trustee, the Arranger, the Dealers or the provider of 
any such opinion or certification for the contents of any such opinion, report or certification. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "environmental", 
"sustainable", "social", or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market 
(whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, 
any other member of the Group, the Trustee, the Arranger, any Dealer or any other person that such listing 
or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations (including, in relation 
to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond

--- Page 36 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 26 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the UK 
or any market standards or guidance, including the ICMA Principles) or by its own articles of association 
or other governing rules or investment mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green 
Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given 
or made by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, any other member of the Group, the Trustee, the Arranger, 
any Dealer or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of 
any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the 
life of the Notes. 
Whilst it is the intention of the relevant Issuer to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any Notes so 
specified for Green Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in this Base Prospectus and/or the 
applicable Final Terms and to report on the use of proceeds or Green Projects as described in the Green 
Bond Framework, there is no contractual obligation to do so. There can be no assurance that the relevant 
intended project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally or partially disbursed for the specified Green Projects. Nor can 
there be any assurance that such Green Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or 
with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated 
by the relevant Issuer.  
Any such event or failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green 
Projects as aforesaid and/or to report on the use of proceeds or Green Project as aforesaid and/or withdrawal 
of any such opinion, report or certification or any such opinion, report or certification attesting that the 
relevant Issuer is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion, report or 
certification is opining, reporting or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted 
to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on 
the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
Green Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest 
in securities to be used for a particular purpose. However, no such event will constitute an Event of Default 
or breach of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as Green Bonds or otherwise result in the Notes 
being redeemed prior to their maturity date. 
There is no direct contractual link between any Green Bonds and any green targets of the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor or the Group. Therefore, payments of interest, principal or other amounts payable in respect 
of any Green Bonds and rights to accelerate under the Green Bonds will not be impacted by the performance 
of Green Projects funded out of the proceeds of issue (or amounts equal thereto) of the Green Bonds or by 
any other green assets of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor and/or the Group. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities.

--- Page 37 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 27 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Risks related to Sustainability-Linked Notes 
The Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements or future standards for assets with sustainability 
characteristics 
Although Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes or Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes 
(each "Sustainability-Linked Notes") may be structured either with the interest rate relating to the Notes 
being subject to upward adjustment or through payment of a premium amount in certain circumstances 
specified in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, such Notes may not satisfy an investor's requirements 
or any future legal or quasi legal standards for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics . Any 
such Notes are not '"green", "environmental", "social" or "sustainable" bonds and are not being marketed 
as such and the relevant Issuer expects to use the net proceeds of any issue of Notes issued as Sustainability-
Linked Notes for general corporate purposes. Therefore, the relevant Issuer does not intend to allocate the 
net proceeds of any such Notes specifically to projects or business activities meeting environmental or 
sustainability criteria, or to be subject to any other limitations associated with green, social or sustainable 
bonds. 
The interest rate adjustment or payment of premium in respect of any Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked 
Notes depends on, inter alia, a definition of GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes), that may be inconsistent with investor requirements or expectations or other 
definitions relevant to these factors. The sustainability performance of the Group is calculated with 
reference to the Group’s business, operations and capabilities and does not easily lend itself to 
benchmarking against the sustainability performance of other companies.  
In addition, any future investments that the Group makes in furtherance of the Sustainability Performance 
Target (as defined below) may not meet investor expectations or any binding or non-binding legal standards 
regarding sustainability performance, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by 
its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environmental, sustainability or social impact. 
Sustainalytics has evaluated issued an independent opinion, dated 28 February 2023, in respect of 
Heimstaden Bostad’s Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework (and its Green Bond Framework) (the 
"Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion, which provides an opinion on certain environmental 
and related considerations, is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation or assurance 
is given as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion, report or 
certification of any third party (including any post-issuance reports prepared by an external reviewer) made 
available in connection with an issue of Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes. The Second Party 
Opinion and any other such opinion, report or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or 
other aspects of any investment in any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, 
investor preference or suitability of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. 
The Second Party Opinion and any other opinion, report or certification is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as of the date it was issued. The criteria and/or considerations 
that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion, report or certification may 
change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or 
withdrawn. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions, reports and certifications 
are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine 
for themselves the relevance of any such opinion, report or certification and/or the information contained 
therein. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion, report or certification does not form part 
of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently labelled segment of a stock exchange or 
securities market, no representation or assurance is given that such listing or admission will be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
A failure of the Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes to meet investor expectations or requirements 
for investment in assets with sustainability characteristics, the failure to provide, or the withdrawal of, a 
third party opinion or certification, or the Notes ceasing to be listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated 
stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in assets with

--- Page 38 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 28 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
sustainability characteristics (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the 
Notes not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
Risks that may result from the failure to meet its Sustainability Performance Target 
No assurance can be given of the extent to which the Group will be successful in reducing its GHGe Scope 
1+2+3 KPI (as defined and more particularly described in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
"Sustainability Performance Target"). The failure of the Group to achieve its Sustainability Performance 
Target or any such similar sustainability performance targets the Group may choose to include in any future 
financings (including through the issue of Sustainability-Linked Notes) would not only result in a payment 
of a premium or upward adjustment in the applicable rate of interest (as the case may be), but could also 
harm the Group’s reputation, the consequences of which could, in each case, have a material adverse effect 
on the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Group’s business prospects, financial condition or results of operations 
and ultimately the relevant Issuer’s ability to fulfil its payments obligations in respect of any Notes issued 
as Sustainability-Linked Notes and the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its payment obligations under the 
Guarantee in respect of any such Sustainability-Linked Notes. Furthermore, the Group’s efforts in 
achieving the Sustainability Performance Target may become controversial or be criticised by activist 
groups or other stakeholders, making such Sustainability Performance Target more challenging to satisfy. 
No Event of Default shall occur under any Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked Notes, nor will the relevant 
Issuer or the Guarantor be required to repurchase or redeem such Notes, if the Group fails to meet the 
Sustainability Performance Target(s). 
Risks that may result from the efforts to achieve the Sustainability Performance Target 
Achieving the Sustainability Performance Target(s) will require the Group to take various steps and adjust 
its operations. As a result, achieving the Sustainability Performance Target or any similar sustainability 
performance targets the Group may choose to include in future financings or other arrangements will require 
the Group to expend significant resources, including but not limited to new technologies, which may have 
an impact on business operations and financial performance.  
Acquisition of properties, poor performance by green energy providers and unusual temperature 
changes may negatively affect the Group's ability to achieve its Sustainability Performance Target 
Acquisition of properties in certain jurisdictions, which constitutes a central part of the Group's business 
model, are likely to increase the Group's GHGe. As a result, an acquisition of properties in or prior to the 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Year (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) may negatively 
affect the ability of the Group to meet its Sustainability Performance Target.  
In addition, in calculating its GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI, the Group anticipates that some reductions in Scope 
1 and 2 emissions from its portfolio of buildings will result from improvements in carbon intensive energy 
use, including district heating and electricity generation, in markets where the Group operates. If the 
available district heating providers and electricity producers in these markets do not improve their energy 
generation and reduce emissions in line with expectations, the Group may be negatively affected in its 
ability to achieve its Sustainability Performance Target. 
As such, the Group may have to rely on other strategies to achieve its Sustainability Performance Target(s) 
and may require Heimstaden Bostad to expend significant resources, including but not limited to new 
technologies, which may have an impact on business operations and financial performance.  
Furthermore, unusually hot or cold years could have a negative impact in the absolute carbon emissions in 
a given year as the Group would require a greater amount of energy to cool or heat the buildings in its 
portfolio. If such a year with unusual temperature changes were to occur in or prior to the GHGe Scope 
1+2+3 Reference Year, this may negatively affect the Group's ability to achieve its Sustainability 
Performance Target. 
Any failure to achieve the Sustainability Performance Target, as a result of any of the factors mentioned 
above or otherwise, would not only result in a payment of a premium or upward adjustment in the applicable 
rate of interest (as the case may be), but could also harm the Group’s reputation, the consequences of which 
could, in each case, have a material adverse effect on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Group, the 
Group’s business prospects, financial condition or its results of operations and ultimately on the relevant 
Issuer’s ability to fulfil its payments obligations in respect of any Notes issued as Sustainability-Linked

--- Page 39 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 29 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Notes and the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its payment obligations under the Guarantee in respect of any 
such Sustainability-Linked Notes. 
The GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline may be recalculated during the life of any Sustainability-Linked Notes 
which may impact the occurrence of a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event. 
Under the Terms and Conditions of Sustainability-Linked Notes, the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline (as 
defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes) may be recalculated by Heimstaden Bostad to reflect 
any changes to the Group (such as through acquisition or divestment), the calculation methodology or data 
quality in the Relevant Financial Year, in any such cases only where such change(s) would have resulted 
in a change to the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline if such change had occurred prior to the Baseline Financial 
Year (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes).  Any recalculation of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
Baseline may impact, positively or negatively, the ability of the Group to satisfy the relevant Sustainability 
Performance Target and may impact whether a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes) has or has not occurred, which may in turn adversely affect the market price of 
any Sustainability-Linked Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 30 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this 
Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the independent auditor's report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of 
Heimstaden Bostad including the notes thereto which are contained in the annual reports of 
Heimstaden Bostad in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 
2023. These documents are available for viewing on the following websites: 
Annual Report 2024 (the "2024 Annual Report"): 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/551253430/files/doc_financials/2024/q4/Heimstaden-Bostad-Annual-
Report-2024-ENG.pdf 
Annual Report 2023: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/551253430/files/doc_financials/2023/ar/Heimstaden-Bostad-Annual-
Report-27-02-24.pdf  
(b) 
the independent auditor's report and audited annual financial statements of HBT including the notes 
thereto in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. These 
documents are available for viewing on the following websites: 
Annual Report 2023: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/551253430/files/doc_downloads/2024/Annual-Financial-Report-31-
December-2023-HBT-BV-FINAL-audit-report-included-pdf-readable.pdf 
Annual Report 2022: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/551253430/files/doc_downloads/2023/Annual-Financial-Report-31-
December-2022-HBT-BV-incl-aud-report.pdf    
(c) 
the following sections of the 2024 Annual Report: 
Section 
Page no. 
Property Portfolio 
11 
Capital Expenditures and Repair & Maintenance 
17 
Outstanding Commitments 
18 
Privatisation and divestment 
19 
Investment Properties 
20 to 21 
Funding 
22 
Market Update  
25 to 33  
Financial Metrics 
44 to 45 
Operational Metrics 
46 
Corporate Governance Structure 
49 to 50 
Board of Directors 
53 to 54 
 
 
(d) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of Heimstaden Bostad dated 
14 November 2018 (which are included on pages 39 to 74). This document is available for viewing 
on the following website: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/551253430/files/doc_downloads/mtm_2018/HSTB-EMTN-Base-
Prospectus_November-2018.pdf 
(e) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of Heimstaden Bostad dated 
21 November 2019 (which are included on pages 51 to 86). This document is available for viewing 
on the following website:

--- Page 41 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 31 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_b0f2eb56-60ee-4532-b9ba-50595482b844.pdf 
(f) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of Heimstaden Bostad and 
HBT dated 4 August 2020 (which are included on pages 49 to 91). This document is available for 
viewing on the following website: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/551253430/files/doc_downloads/mtm_2020/Heimstaden-EMTN-U20-
Base-Prospectus-Final-Version.pdf 
(g) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of Heimstaden Bostad and 
HBT dated 26 August 2021 (which are included on pages 45 to 87). This document is available for 
viewing on the following website: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/551253430/files/doc_downloads/mtm_2021/HSTB-EMTN-2021-Base-
Prospectus.pdf 
(h) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of Heimstaden Bostad and 
HBT dated 16 March 2022 (which are included on pages 45 to 87). This document is available for 
viewing on the following website: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/551253430/files/doc_downloads/emtn_2022/Heimstaden-Bostad-EMTN-
U22-Base-Prospectus-(Final-Version).pdf 
(i) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of Heimstaden Bostad and 
HBT dated 8 March 2023 (which are included on pages 49 to 94). This document is available for 
viewing on the following website: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/551253430/files/doc_financials/2023/EMTN/03_2023/Heimstaden-
Bostad-EMTN-U23-Final-Base-Prospectus.pdf  
(j) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes contained in the base prospectus of Heimstaden Bostad and 
HBT dated 7 March 2024 (which are included on pages 51 to 96). This document is available for 
viewing on the following website: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/551253430/files/doc_downloads/2024/HST-Bostad-EMTN-U24-Base-
Prospectus-10281620746-1-CBI-Approved.pdf  
The following documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus as and when they 
are published on the websites specified below: 
(k) 
the future audited consolidated annual financial statements (including the notes thereto) of 
Heimstaden Bostad and the independent auditor's reports thereon and the future interim 
consolidated financial statements (including the notes thereto) of Heimstaden Bostad and, if 
applicable, the independent auditor's review reports thereon. Each document will be available for 
viewing on the following website: 
https://www.heimstadenbostad.com/investors/investors/default.aspx 
(l) 
the future audited annual financial statements (including the notes thereto) of HBT and the 
independent auditor's reports thereon and the future interim financial statements (including the 
notes thereto) of HBT, and, if applicable, the independent auditor's review reports thereon. Each 
such document will be available for viewing on the following website:  
https://www.heimstadenbostad.com/investors/debt-information/emtn-programme/default.aspx  
The Issuers and the Guarantor will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any 
Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus, or publish a new Base Prospectus, for use in 
connection with any subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 42 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 32 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuers and the 
Guarantor and approved by the Central Bank in accordance with Article 23 of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. Statements contained in any such supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) and in any documents incorporated by reference pursuant to paragraphs (k) or (l) above  
shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or 
supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or 
superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
It should be noted that, except as set forth above, no other portion of the above documents is incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. In addition, where sections of any of the above documents which 
are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus cross-reference other sections of the same 
document, such cross-referenced information shall not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise 
incorporated by reference herein. Those parts of the documents incorporated by reference which are not 
specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective 
investors or the information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 43 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 33 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form. Notes 
will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation 
S"). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a "Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note" and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, each a "Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in 
the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as 
described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers in the United 
States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder of a 
Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons

--- Page 44 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 34 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" 
means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement)) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the relevant 
Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes 
represented by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed 
by two Directors of the relevant Issuer is given to the Trustee. The relevant Issuer will promptly give notice 
to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the 
occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the 
Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as 
described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting 
exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes 
or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
"Registered Global Note"). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the "NSS"), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global 
Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS 
will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, any Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Registrar will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account

--- Page 45 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 35 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
of beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) immediately 
preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, (ii) the relevant Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and, in any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or 
(iii) the relevant Issuer has or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered 
were the Notes represented by the Registered Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to that effect 
signed by two Directors of the relevant Issuer is given to the Trustee. The relevant Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person 
acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) 
or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of 
an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, the relevant Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the 
first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except 
in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to 
the extent applicable. 
VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal title 
to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS. On the issue of such 
VPS Notes, Heimstaden Bostad will send a letter to the Trustee, the Agent and the VPS Agent (the "VPS 
Letter"), which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of a Final Terms 
attached thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the relevant Final Terms to Euronext 
VPS and notification to Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant 
Dealer, the VPS Agent will credit each subscribing account holder with Euronext VPS with a nominal 
amount of VPS Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place two 
Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes 
will only take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Notes in bearer or registered form and vice versa. 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 
no. 6 which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian law, and any regulation passed 
under that act and the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, in each case as amended or replaced from 
time to time. The holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations and 
liabilities which arise under this act and any related regulations and legislation.  
The registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, and 
other interests in, VPS Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the 
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the

--- Page 46 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 36 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within 60 
days, and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor (as applicable) may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee, as 
applicable, that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, 
in which event a new Base Prospectus will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement 
reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 47 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 37 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act (2000) ("FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (as modified or 
amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons 
(as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital 
markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 48 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 38 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
 
[Date] 
[Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ)][Heimstaden Bostad Treasury B.V.] 
(incorporated with limited liability in [Sweden][the Netherlands]) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): [549300TJR3PR8EXILG79/549300ORG6UYMJBCV938] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
[Guaranteed by Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ)] 
under the €12,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2025 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] 
[and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "EU Prospectus Regulation")]/[the EU Prospectus Regulation] (the "Base Prospectus"). 
[This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the 
relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") at https://live.euronext.com/.]1  
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [14 November 2018][21 November 2019][4 August 
2020][26 August 2021][16 March 2022][8 March 2023][7 March 2024] [and the supplement to it dated 
[date]] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2025. [This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "EU Prospectus Regulation")]/[the EU Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 7 March 2025 and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the EU Prospectus Regulation (the "Base 
Prospectus"), including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain 
all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") at https://live.euronext.com/.]2 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
 [(a)]  
Issuer: 
[Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ)][Heimstaden Bostad 
Treasury B.V.] 
 [(b)  
Guarantor:  
Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ)] 
 
1  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in 
the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
2  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in EEA nor offered in the 
EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the EU Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 49 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 39 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by Heimstaden 
Bostad AB (publ))  
2. 
 (a) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[   ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 28 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable]] 
3. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
4. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[   ] 
5. 
 Issue Price: 
[   ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
 (a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[   ] 
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof [up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000]].") 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(in 
relation to calculation of 
interest for Notes in global 
or 
Registered 
definitive 
form see Conditions): 
[   ] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
 (a) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.)

--- Page 50 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 40 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
8. 
 Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year] 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[Subject as set out in Condition 5.6 and paragraph 17 
below,][[   ]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[[ 
 
 ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR]] +/- [   ]% Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [14]/[15]/[16]/[17] below) 
10. 
 Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100% of their nominal amount 
11. 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 
below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Par Call] 
[Special Redemption Event Call] 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
 
[(see paragraphs [18 to 26] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
 (a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(b) 
Status of the Guarantee: 
Senior 
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by Heimstaden 
Bostad AB (publ)) 
 
(c) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes [and 
Guarantee] obtained: 
[   ] and [   ], respectively] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes or related Guarantee) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date[, subject as set out in Condition 5.6 and 
paragraph 17 below] 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global 
or 
Registered 
definitive 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[Subject as set out in Condition 5.6 and paragraph 17 
below,] [[   ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) (and in 
relation to Notes in global 
[Subject as set out in Condition 5.6 and paragraph 17 
below,] [[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the

--- Page 51 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 41 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
or 
Registered 
definitive 
form see Conditions): 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
 
(g) 
Step Up Rating Change 
and/or Step Down Rating 
Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(h) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[   ]% per annum] 
15. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[   ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable] 
 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[   ] 
 
(d) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
/ 
Calculation 
Agent (if not the Agent): 
[   ] 
 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
 
 ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, 
second Copenhagen business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if CIBOR, second Stockholm 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if STIBOR and second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if NIBOR)

--- Page 52 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 42 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[   ] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
(In the case of EURIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR and 
NIBOR where the Calculation Agent is Deutsche Bank 
AG, London Branch, a Reuters or Refinitiv screen 
page to be selected) 
 
(g) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
(h) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][   ]% per annum[, subject as set out in Condition 
5.6 and paragraph 17 below] 
 
(i) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum 
 
(j) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum 
 
(k) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(l) 
Step Up Rating Change 
and/or Step Down Rating 
Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(m) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[   ]% per annum] 
16. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ]% per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[   ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
17. 
 Sustainability-Linked 
Step 
Up 
Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Step 
Up Margin:   
[   ]% per annum 
 
(b) 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
Reference Year: 
[   ]

--- Page 53 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 43 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
 
 
(c) 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI 
Percentage Threshold: 
 
[   ]% 
 
(d) 
Baseline Financial Year: 
[2020] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
 Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
19. 
 Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount][Spens Amount][Make-
whole Amount] 
 
(A) 
Reference Bond 
[   ] 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Margin 
[   ] 
 
(C) 
Quotation Time 
[   ] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
 
 
 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
20. 
 Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Par Call Period: 
From (and including) [   ] (the "Par Call Period 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
 
(b) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days

--- Page 54 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 44 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
21. 
 Special Redemption Event Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(Consideration should be given by the Issuer as to 
whether a supplement to the Base Prospectus is 
required prior to the inclusion of the Special 
Redemption Event Call) 
 
 
(a) 
Basis of the Call: 
[Mandatory]/[Optional] 
 
(b) 
Acquisition Target: 
[   ] 
 
(c) 
Special 
Redemption 
Longstop Date: 
[   ] 
 
(d) 
Special 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(e) 
Special 
Optional 
Redemption Period: 
[   ] / [The period from [[   ]/ [the Issue Date]] to [   ]/the 
Special Redemption Longstop Date] 
 
(f) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
22. 
 Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
Maximum period: [   ] days

--- Page 55 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 45 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
(N.B. Clearing systems require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice to process a put 
option) 
23. 
 Change of Control Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Change of Control Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
 Final Redemption Amount: 
[ 
 
 ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
(The Final Redemption Amount is to be no less than at 
par value) 
25. 
 Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
26. 
 Clean-Up Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
27. 
2
Sustainability-Linked 
Redemption 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 (a) 
GHGe 
Scope 
1+2+3  
Redemption Premium: 
[           ] per Calculation Amount 
 (b) 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
Reference Year: 
[           ] 
 (c) 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI 
Percentage Threshold: 
[        ] per cent.  
 
(d) 
Baseline Financial Year: 
[2020] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
28. 
 Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: [Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date]

--- Page 56 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 46 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20053] 
 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 7 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].".)] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
[VPS Notes: 
VPS Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book entry form] 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(c) 
New 
Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
29. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 15(c) relates) 
30. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. [Each of the] [The] Issuer [and 
the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
 
3 
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 57 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 47 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Signed on behalf of [Heimstaden Bostad AB 
(publ) / Heimstaden Bostad Treasury B.V.]: 
[Signed on behalf of Heimstaden Bostad AB 
(publ)]: 
By:  
…………………………………………. 
By:  
…………………………………………. 
 
Duly authorised 
 
Duly authorised] 
(Delete in the case of Notes issued by Heimstaden 
Bostad AB (publ))

--- Page 58 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 48 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin] / [the 
Oslo 
Stock 
Exchange's 
Regulated 
Market 
(Euronext Oslo Børs)] and listing on the [official 
list of the Euronext Dublin] / [the Oslo Stock 
Exchange's Regulated Market (Euronext Oslo 
Børs)] with effect from [   ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin] / [the Oslo Stock Exchange's Regulated 
Market (Euronext Oslo Børs)] and listing on the 
[official list of Euronext Dublin] / [the Oslo Stock 
Exchange's Regulated Market (Euronext Oslo 
Børs)] with effect from [   ].] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[   ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[have not 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union/United Kingdom and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") 
 
[add details of any endorsement under the UK CRA 
Regulation] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer [and the Guarantor] [is/are] aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has 
an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and 
may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer [and the Guarantor] and [its/their] affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business - Amend as appropriate if there are other interests]

--- Page 59 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 49 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
[The Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds from 
this offer of Notes for general corporate purposes.] 
/ [   ] / [The Issuer intends to apply an amount equal 
to the net proceeds from this offer of Notes 
specifically for Green Projects as described in "Use 
of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus.] / [The Issuer 
intends to apply an amount equal to the net 
proceeds from this offer of Notes for acquisition 
consideration, directly or indirectly, in whole or in 
part, and related fees in respect of the acquisition 
of the Acquisition Target[.][, although if the 
Special Redemption Event occurs but the Issuer 
elects not to exercise the Special Redemption 
Event Call, the Issuer intends to apply the net 
proceeds from this offer of Notes for general 
corporate purposes. (only if the Basis of the Call is 
specified as Optional)] 
5. 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ] 
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[   ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[   ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[   ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
[Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg / Euronext VPS] 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any) or, in the case of VPS Notes, 
the VPS Agent: 
[   ] 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes 
which are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend

--- Page 60 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 50 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper][include this text for 
Registered Notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA D / 
TEFRA C / TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared in 
the EEA, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared in 
the UK, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Singapore Sales to Institutional 
Investors 
and 
Accredited 
Investors only: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 61 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 51 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the relevant Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed 
thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference 
should be made to "Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
The following are also the terms and conditions which will be applicable to each VPS Note. VPS Notes will 
not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by 
Euronext VPS. Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry 
system and register maintained by Euronext VPS. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be, in the case of VPS Notes, deemed to apply to any such Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ) 
("Heimstaden Bostad") or Heimstaden Bostad Treasury B.V. ("HBT" and, together with Heimstaden 
Bostad, the "Issuers" and each an "Issuer") constituted by a Fifth Supplemental Trust Deed (such Trust 
Deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Trust Deed") dated 8 March 
2023 made between the Issuers, Heimstaden Bostad in its capacity as guarantor of the Notes issued by HBT 
only (the "Guarantor") and Deutsche Trustee Company Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall 
include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the "relevant Issuer" shall be references to whichever of Heimstaden Bostad or HBT 
is specified as the Issuer in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). If the relevant Issuer of a Series 
of Notes is Heimstaden Bostad, references herein to the "Guarantor" and the "Guarantee", and related 
expressions, are not applicable and shall be disregarded in respect of such Series. 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Note in registered form); and 
(e) 
Notes cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
(trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) ("VPS Notes" and "Euronext VPS", respectively). 
The Notes (other than the VPS Notes) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended 
and restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") dated 16 March 2022 made between the Issuers, the 
Guarantor, the Trustee, Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, Issuer Service as VPS Agent (the "VPS Agent"), 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Principal 
Paying Agent", which expression shall include any successor principal paying agent) and transfer agent 
(the "Transfer Agent", which expression shall include any additional or successor transfer agents), the 
other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which 
expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents) and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
as registrar (the "Registrar", which expression shall include any successor registrar). The Principal Paying 
Agent, the Registrar, the Paying Agents and the Transfer Agents are together referred to as the "Agents". 
The VPS Notes have the benefit of an agreement (such agreement as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "VPS Agency Agreement") dated 21 November 2019 made between 
Heimstaden Bostad and the VPS Agent. Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in 
uncertificated book entry form in accounts with Euronext VPS. The VPS Agent will act as agent of the

--- Page 62 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 52 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor (as applicable) in respect of all dealings with Euronext VPS in respect 
of VPS Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency Agreement and will also act as calculation agent in respect of 
the VPS Notes. References to the "Calculation Agent" shall be to the VPS Agent in respect of VPS Notes, 
the Principal Paying Agent in respect of Notes (other than VPS Notes) or as may be separately specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (such expression shall include any successor or alternative Calculation Agent that 
may be appointed). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
(except in the case of VPS Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and 
Conditions (the "Conditions"). References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, 
to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and 
Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the "Noteholders", which 
expression shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, and in relation to VPS Notes, be 
construed as provided below) and the holders of the Coupons (the "Couponholders", which expression 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the 
provisions of the Trust Deed. Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall 
mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons 
in whose name the Notes are registered in the register and shall, in relation to any VPS Notes or Notes 
represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. VPS Notes are in dematerialised form: any 
references in these Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VPS Notes and no global or 
definitive Notes will be issued in respect thereof. These Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed (i) are available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at the 
principal office for the time being of the Trustee being at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, 
London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may 
be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the Trustee, any Paying 
Agents, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the Trustee, the relevant Paying Agent, the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be) and subject to the Paying Agents being supplied by the Issuer with electronic copies. If the Notes are 
to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of Euronext Dublin. The Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have 
notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the 
VPS Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in 
the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the VPS Agency Agreement, or 
used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the 
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency 
between (i) the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail, (ii) the Trust Deed or 
the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail, (iii) VPS 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.

--- Page 63 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 53 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form or, in the case of VPS Notes, in uncertificated 
book entry form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Notes, 
serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified Currency") and the denominations (the 
"Specified Denomination(s)") specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes 
may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. VPS Notes may not be exchanged for 
Bearer Notes or Registered Notes and vice versa. This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating 
Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any Agent will (except 
as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the 
registered holder of any Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue 
and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. The holder of a VPS Note will be the person 
evidenced as such by a book entry in the records of Euronext VPS. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such 
nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant 
Bearer Global Note or the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated 
by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and 
the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, 
in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note and VPS Notes will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and/or Euronext VPS, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in Euronext VPS between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with applicable law and the rules and procedures 
of Euronext VPS that are in force from time to time. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be 
treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, any Agent and the VPS Agent as the 
holder of the relevant VPS Note. Each person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euronext VPS as the holder of a particular nominal amount of VPS Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euronext VPS as to the nominal amount of such VPS Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the

--- Page 64 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 54 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
case of manifest error) shall be treated by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, and the 
VPS Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such VPS Notes for all purposes. 
VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with applicable law and the rules and procedures 
for the time being of Euronext VPS. The registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as the 
recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, VPS Notes will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES AND VPS NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and 
transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in 
definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series 
only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance 
with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the 
Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations of Euronext 
VPS from time to time. A transfer of VPS Notes which is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euronext VPS. 
2.3 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.4 (Registration of transfer upon partial redemption) below, 
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, 
a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (a) the 
holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer 
Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their 
attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent 
must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the 
relevant Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such 
regulations being set out in Schedule 3 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the 
relevant Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which 
banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is 
located) of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable 
fiscal or other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and 
delivery of, at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured 
mail, to such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a 
like aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new 
Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred 
will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor.

--- Page 65 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 55 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
2.4 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
relevant Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a 
Registered Note, called for partial redemption. 
In the event of partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), 
the relevant Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS 
Note, called for partial redemption. 
2.5 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the relevant Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to 
cover any stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the 
registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES AND THE GUARANTEE 
3.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and 
rank pari passu among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by 
law) equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of 
the relevant Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
3.2 
Status of the Guarantee 
The Guarantor has in the Trust Deed guaranteed (the "Guarantee") the payment by HBT of all 
sums in respect of the Notes and under the Trust Deed and the performance by HBT of all its 
obligations under the Notes and the Trust Deed. The obligations of the Guarantor under the 
Guarantee are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 
4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Guarantor and (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law) rank equally with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the Guarantor, from time to time outstanding. 
4. 
COVENANTS 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), neither the relevant 
Issuer nor the Guarantor will, and the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor will procure that none of 
their respective Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, 
charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a "Security Interest") (in each case other than 
a Permitted Security Interest), upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future business, 
undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as 
defined below), unless the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), in the case of the 
creation of the Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes 
any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed or, as the case 
may be, the Guarantee are secured by the Security Interest equally and rateably with the 
Relevant Indebtedness to the satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of 
a Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in its absolute discretion deems 
not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (B) as is approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders.

--- Page 66 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 56 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
4.2 
Financial Covenants 
(a) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Financial Indebtedness: So long as any Note remains 
outstanding Heimstaden Bostad will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, incur 
directly or indirectly any Financial Indebtedness or any guarantee and/or indemnity in 
respect of any Financial Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this Condition 4.2(a) 
any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving 
pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma application of the proceeds), the 
Consolidated Solvency Ratio would exceed 65%; 
(b) 
Maintenance of Consolidated Coverage Ratio: So long as any Note remains outstanding 
Heimstaden Bostad undertakes that on each Testing Date the Consolidated Coverage Ratio 
is not less than 1.5:1; and 
(c) 
Limitations on the Incurrence of Secured Indebtedness: So long as any Note remains 
outstanding Heimstaden Bostad will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to incur 
directly or indirectly, any Secured Indebtedness (excluding for the purposes of this 
Condition 4.2(b) any Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness relating to the same previously 
secured assets) if, on the date of such incurrence and after giving pro forma effect thereto 
(including pro forma application of the proceeds) the total value of Secured Indebtedness 
of the Group (on a consolidated basis) would exceed 45% of Consolidated Total Assets. 
Heimstaden Bostad will promptly notify the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Deed in the event 
that any of the undertakings in this Condition 4.2 is breached at any time. 
For so long as the Notes remain outstanding, Heimstaden Bostad will deliver a certificate to the 
Trustee on each Reporting Date signed by any Authorised Signatory (as defined in the Trust Deed) 
of Heimstaden Bostad, certifying that Heimstaden Bostad is in compliance with, and there has been 
no breach of, the undertakings set out in this Condition 4.2. 
A certificate by any Authorised Signatory of Heimstaden Bostad as to any of the amounts referred 
to in this Condition 4.2, or any of the terms defined for the purposes of this Condition 4.2, shall be 
conclusive and binding on all parties. 
4.3 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Consolidated Coverage Ratio" means, in respect of any Testing Date, the ratio of (i) the 
aggregate amount of Consolidated Profit Before Financial Items for the period of the most recent 
four consecutive financial quarters ending on such Testing Date, to (ii) the aggregate amount of 
Net Interest Charges, for the period of the most recent four consecutive financial quarters ending 
on such Testing Date; 
"Consolidated Profit Before Financial Items" means, in respect of any Testing Date, the number 
set out under the heading "Profit before financial items" (or any equivalent line item) in the 
consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
"Consolidated Solvency Ratio" means (i) the aggregate of the total Financial Indebtedness (on a 
consolidated basis) of the Group (less cash and cash equivalents and listed shares) and any 
guarantee and/or indemnity in respect of any Financial Indebtedness (except for any guarantee 
and/or indemnity in respect of any Financial Indebtedness that Heimstaden Bostad has directly or 
indirectly accounted for in its consolidated financial statements) divided by (ii) Consolidated Total 
Assets, in each case as set out in the most recent annual or interim, as the case may be, consolidated 
financial statements of the Group; 
"Consolidated Total Assets" means the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group as 
shown in the most recent annual or interim, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements 
of the Group;

--- Page 67 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 57 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
"Financial Indebtedness" means, with respect to any Person at any date of determination (without 
duplication) any indebtedness of such Person, including: 
(i) 
all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money in whatever form; 
(ii) 
any amounts raised by such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan stock or 
other similar instruments; 
(iii) 
any amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(iv) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(v) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts (excluding the 
amount of any liability in respect of leasehold properties) which would, in accordance 
with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles applicable to the Group, 
be treated as finance or capital leases; 
(vi) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price of property, assets or services 
the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days. 
For the avoidance of doubt 'indebtedness' will be determined by reference to IFRS (or such 
accounting standards as are applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time) and deferred tax liabilities 
shall not be considered Financial Indebtedness; 
"Group" means Heimstaden Bostad and its consolidated Subsidiaries; 
"Net Interest Charges" means the net amount calculated as the number set out under the heading 
"Financial income" (or equivalent line item) in the consolidated financial statements of the Group 
from which is deducted the numbers set out under the heading "Financial costs" (or equivalent line 
items) in the consolidated financial statements of the Group; 
"Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, 
the Guarantor or any of Heimstaden Bostad's Subsidiaries raised or issued in exchange for, or the 
net proceeds of which are used to renew, refund, refinance, replace, exchange or discharge other 
Financial Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any member of the Group (other 
than intra-group Financial Indebtedness); provided that: 
(a) 
the aggregate principal amount (or accretable value) of such Permitted Refinancing 
Indebtedness does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) of the 
Financial Indebtedness renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged 
(plus all accrued interest on the Financial Indebtedness and the amount of all fees and 
expenses, including premiums, incurred in connection therewith); 
(b) 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness has a final maturity date, or may only be 
redeemed or repaid at the option of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, either (i) no 
earlier than the final maturity date of the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, 
refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged or (ii) after the final maturity date of the 
Notes; 
(c) 
if the Financial Indebtedness being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged 
or discharged is expressly, contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Notes, 
such Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Notes; 
and 
(d) 
if the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor was the obligor on the Financial Indebtedness 
being renewed, refunded, refinanced, replaced, exchanged or discharged, such Financial 
Indebtedness is incurred by the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness of 
any Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) acquired, so long as

--- Page 68 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 58 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
such Security Interest was outstanding on the date on which the relevant entity became a Subsidiary 
of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), was not created in contemplation of 
such entity becoming a Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be), and 
the principal amount of Relevant Indebtedness so secured was not increased in contemplation of 
such entity becoming a Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) or 
since such entity became a Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be);  
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, unincorporated association or body, 
partnership, trust, fund, joint venture or consortium, association, organisation, government, state 
or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means (i) any Financial Indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) which is in the form of or represented by any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are for the time being, or are 
capable of being, quoted, listed or ordinarily dealt in on any stock exchange, over-the-counter or 
other securities market, and (ii) any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness; 
"Reporting Date" means a date falling no later than 30 days after (i) the publication of the relevant 
Issuer's and the Guarantor's annual consolidated financial statements, or (ii) the publication of the 
relevant Issuer's and the Guarantor's quarterly consolidated financial statements; 
"Secured Indebtedness" means any Financial Indebtedness or any guarantee and/or indemnity in 
respect of any Financial Indebtedness that is secured in whole or in part by a Security Interest 
granted over any assets of any member of the Group; 
"Subsidiary" means in relation to any person (the "first person") at any particular time, any other 
person (the "second person"): 
(i) 
which is a subsidiary (Sw. dotterföretag) to the first Person, directly or indirectly, as 
defined in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. (aktiebolagslagen 2005:551)); or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person, and includes any Person 
that is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary; and 
"Testing Date" means each day which is: (i) the last day of the relevant Issuer's and the Guarantor's 
financial year in any year; or (ii) the last day of each of the first three quarters of the relevant 
Issuer's and the Guarantor's financial year in any year. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 69 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 59 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the 
Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, 
as applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
which are Bearer Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which 
is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the "Accrual 
Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the 
Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the 
number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that 
would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates 
that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 
360. 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first

--- Page 70 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 60 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date 
or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
5.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in 
the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant 
month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the 
case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other 
than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 71 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 61 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor 
or replacement for that system (the "TARGET2 System") is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be, 
subject as provided below, either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
EURIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR or 
Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent or, in 
the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered quotations 
are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the 
event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no such 
offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are not VPS Notes, 
and the Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, will

--- Page 72 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 62 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, 
the Calculation Agent, will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or 
(ii) Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of (A) the Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered 
Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, 
if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 73 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 63 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌𝑌2−𝑌𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀𝑀2−𝑀𝑀1)]+(𝐷𝐷2−𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls;

--- Page 74 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 64 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent, by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, 
one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes, the Calculation Agent, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate. 
"Designated Maturity" means, the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the operation of the provisions above in this Condition 5.2, if the relevant 
Issuer, in consultation with the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest 
(being the Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
as applicable), determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original 
Reference Rate at any time when the Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Advisor 
The relevant Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith) a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as 
further described below) no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Interest 
Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA 
Determination Cut-off Date") for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the Notes for such next succeeding Interest Period and for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.2(f) 
during any other future Interest Period(s)). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iii)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent 
further operation of this Condition 5.2(f)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as

--- Page 75 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 65 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation of this Condition 
5.2(f)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(f)(ii), the Independent Adviser acting in good faith shall determine 
an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a 
formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or 
zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable)), subject to the 
subsequent further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 5.2(f). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2(f) and the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith) determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed 
and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (provided that 
such amendments do not, without the consent of the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to it) (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the relevant Issuer shall, subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(v), without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions, the 
Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall, at the 
request and expense of the relevant Issuer, agree to use their reasonable 
endeavours to effect such consequential amendments to the Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement and these Conditions, including, inter alia, by execution of a 
deed supplemental to the Trust Deed, as the relevant Issuer determines and 
certifies to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent may be required in order 
to give effect to this Condition 5.2(f) and neither the Trustee nor the Principal 
Paying Agent shall be liable to any party for any consequence thereof provided, 
however, that neither the Trustee nor the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) 
shall be obliged to agree to any such consequential amendments if the same would, 
in the sole opinion of the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable), 
expose it to any additional liabilities or increase the obligations or duties or reduce 
or amend its rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in the Trust Deed 
and/or these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement (as applicable). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.2(f)(iv), 
the relevant Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other

--- Page 76 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 66 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
relevant authority on or by which the Notes are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The relevant Issuer shall no later than the IA Determination Cut-off Date notify 
the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation 
Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), 
the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and promptly 
thereafter notify, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders of 
any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms 
of any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5.2(f). Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. No later than notifying the Trustee and the Principal Paying 
Agent of the same, the relevant Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate 
signed by an Authorised Signatory of the relevant Issuer confirming (i) that a 
Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
applicable), (iii) the Adjustment Spread and (iv) where applicable, the terms of 
any changes pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above and certifying that the 
Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. The Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without 
enquiry or liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without 
prejudice to the Trustee's and the Principal Paying Agent's ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the relevant Issuer under this Condition 
5.2(f), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5.2(b) will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) has been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance 
with Condition 5.2(f)(v). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, the relevant Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined 
pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f) prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date and 
the Relevant Screen Page is no longer available for use, the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period,

--- Page 77 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 67 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.2(f) shall apply to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the 
Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.2(f). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is 
the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary usage in international debt capital markets transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the 
Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines to be appropriate 
to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which 
the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(f)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent 
Adviser determines there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser (acting in good faith) determines is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(f)(iv); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days or ceasing permanently to be calculated, 
administered and published; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date,

--- Page 78 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 68 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the 
date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i) above; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference 
Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified 
in (i) above; 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before 
a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (i) above; 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent, the relevant Issuer or any other party 
to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or 
Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); or 
(G) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate announcing that such 
Original Reference Rate is or will, on or before a specified date, be no 
longer representative and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (i) above; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the relevant Issuer at its 
own expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed 
pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the 
absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the relevant 
Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for 
any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used 
to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in 
respect of any Interest Periods(s) (provided that if, following one or more 
Benchmark Events, such originally-specified Reference Rate (or any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs 
in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term "Original 
Reference Rate" shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or

--- Page 79 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 69 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to which 
the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate or, where a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate has been determined 
pursuant to Condition 5.2(f)(ii), such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as 
applicable, which is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent, will cause 
the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee and 
any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed 
and, in the case of VPS Notes, Euronext VPS and the VPS Agent and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will 
promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes 
are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(g), the expression "London Business 
Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. The notification of any rate or 
amount, if applicable, shall be made to Euronext VPS in accordance with and subject to 
Euronext VPS rules and regulations for the time being in effect. 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2 by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other 
Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or 
gross negligence) no liability to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee, the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it of 
its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed.

--- Page 80 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 70 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
5.4 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
If a Step Up Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the following terms relating to the Rate of Interest for the Notes shall 
apply: 
(a) 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time 
in the event of a Step Up Rating Change and/or a Step Down Rating Change, as the case 
may be. 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, from and including the first Interest Payment 
Date falling on or after the date of a Step Up Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on 
the Notes shall be increased by the Step Up Margin. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, in the event of a Step Down Rating Change 
following a Step Up Rating Change, with effect from and including the first Interest 
Payment Date falling on or after the date of such Step Down Rating Change, the Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
payable on the Notes shall be decreased by the Step Up Margin back to the initial Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes). 
(d) 
If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step Down Rating Change occur during 
the same Fixed Interest Period (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the same Interest Period 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) 
or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) on the Notes shall be neither increased 
nor decreased as a result of either such event. 
(e) 
Heimstaden Bostad shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain credit ratings for its senior 
unsecured long-term debt from a Rating Agency. If, notwithstanding such reasonable 
efforts, any Rating Agency fails or ceases to assign a credit rating to Heimstaden Bostad's 
senior unsecured long-term debt, Heimstaden Bostad shall use all reasonable efforts to 
obtain a credit rating of its senior unsecured long-term debt from a Substitute Rating 
Agency approved (other than in the case of Moody's or Fitch) by the Trustee in writing 
(such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), and references herein to such 
Rating Agency or the credit ratings thereof, shall be to such Substitute Rating Agency or, 
as the case may be, the equivalent credit ratings thereof as specified in or determined in 
accordance with the remainder of this Condition 5.4. 
(f) 
Heimstaden Bostad will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Rating Change or a Step Down 
Rating Change giving rise to an adjustment to the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed 
Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes 
pursuant to this Condition 5.4 to be notified to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent 
and, in the case of VPS Notes, Euronext VPS and the VPS Agent and (in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices)) the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after the 
occurrence of such Step Up Rating Change or Step Down Rating Change, but in no event 
later than the fifth London Business Day thereafter. Such notification, if applicable, shall 
be made to Euronext VPS in accordance with and subject to Euronext VPS rules and 
regulations for the time being in effect. 
(g) 
If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from those which 
are described in this Condition 5.4 or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating 
Agency other than Moody's or Fitch, Heimstaden Bostad shall determine, with the prior 
approval of the Trustee (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), the 
rating designations of such Rating Agency or Substitute Rating Agency (as the case may 
be) as are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of the existing Rating Agency 
(or Rating Agencies, as the case may be). 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, there shall be no limit on the 
number of times that the Rate of Interest may be adjusted pursuant hereto during the term

--- Page 81 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 71 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
of the Notes provided that at no time during the term of the Notes will the Rate of Interest 
be (i) less than the initial Rate of Interest or (ii) more than the initial Rate of Interest plus 
the Step Up Margin specified hereon. 
Where: 
"Rating Agency", "Fitch", "Moody's", "S&P" and "Substitute Rating Agency" have the 
meanings given to such terms in Condition 7.7 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)); 
"Step Down Rating Change" means the first public announcement by S&P and, if 
applicable, each other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of Heimstaden 
Bostad, after a Step Up Rating Change, that the credit rating of Heimstaden Bostad's senior 
unsecured long-term debt is at least BBB- in the case of S&P and, if applicable, at least 
Baa3 in the case of Moody's and at least BBB- in the case of Fitch with the result that, 
following such public announcement, no Rating Agency assigns a credit rating below the 
aforementioned levels or any equivalent rating. For the avoidance of doubt, any further 
increase in the credit rating of Heimstaden Bostad's senior unsecured long-term debt above 
BBB- in the case of S&P and, if applicable, at least Baa3 in the case of Moody's and at 
least BBB- in the case of Fitch and in respect of any other Substitute Rating Agency, an 
equivalent rating or above shall not constitute a further Step Down Rating Change; 
"Step Up Margin" means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Step Up Rating Change" means the first public announcement by S&P or, if applicable, 
any other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of Heimstaden Bostad, of a 
decrease in the credit rating of Heimstaden Bostad's senior unsecured long-term debt to 
below BBB- (in the case of S&P) or below Baa3 (in the case of Moody's) or below BBB- 
(in the case of Fitch). For the avoidance of doubt, any further decrease in the credit rating 
of Heimstaden Bostad's senior unsecured long-term debt below BBB- in the case of S&P 
or, if applicable, below Baa3 in the case of Moody's or below BBB- in the case of Fitch 
and in respect of any other Substitute Rating Agency, an equivalent rating or below shall 
not constitute a further Step Up Rating Change. 
5.5 
Calculation Agent 
The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more 
Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in respect of any Notes and for so long as such 
Note is outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of any Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or 
unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest 
payable from time to time or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the 
relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, shall (with prior notification to the Trustee) appoint a leading 
bank or investment banking firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or 
any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent 
may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
5.6 
Sustainability-Linked Notes Step Up Option  
This Condition 5.6 (Sustainability-Linked Notes Step Up Option) is applicable only to Notes that 
specify Sustainability-Linked Notes Step Up Option as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
("Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes"). 
(a) 
Rate of Interest for Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes 
The Rate of Interest for Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes will be the Rate of Interest 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event has occurred, then for any Interest Period

--- Page 82 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 72 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately following the GHGe 
Scope 1+2+3 Notification Deadline relating to the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Year, 
the Initial Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Initial Margin (in the 
case of Floating Rate Notes) shall be increased by the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Step Up 
Margin.  
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than 
once in respect of the relevant Sustainability-Linked Step Up Note. 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event and the related 
increase in the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or Margin (in the case of 
Floating Rate Notes) to be notified to the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee, and, in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable 
after such occurrence and in no event later than the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Notification 
Deadline relating to the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Year. 
(b) 
Baseline Recalculation 
The GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline may, at the option of Heimstaden Bostad, be 
recalculated in good faith by Heimstaden Bostad to reflect any changes to the Group's 
organisational structure, the calculation methodology or data quality that would have 
resulted in a change to the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline if such change had occurred prior 
to the Baseline Financial Year, provided that any such recalculation has been confirmed 
by the External Verifier in a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline Assurance Report and 
published by Heimstaden Bostad in a Sustainability-Linked Progress Report in accordance 
with Condition 14A (Available Information). 
(c) 
Definitions: 
In these Conditions:  
"Assurance Report" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14A (Available 
Information); 
"Baseline Financial Year" means the Relevant Financial Year specified as the Baseline 
Financial Year in the applicable Final Terms; 
"External Verifier" means such qualified provider of third-party assurance or attestation 
services appointed by Heimstaden Bostad from time to time to review the Group's 
statements of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI in the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report; 
"GHG Emissions (Scope 1)" means direct greenhouse gas emissions from owned or 
controlled sources of the Group, as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard, as further 
described in the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework; 
"GHG Emissions (Scope 2)" means indirect greenhouse gas emissions from the 
generation of purchased electricity that is consumed in the Group’s owned or controlled 
equipment or operations, as defined by the GHG Protocol Standard, as further described 
in the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework; 
"GHG Emissions (Scope 3)" means emissions from downstream leased assets under 
category 13 of the GHG Protocol Standard, excluding waste, as further described in the 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework; 
"GHG Protocol Standard" means the document titled “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, 
A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)” published by the 
World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Institute 
(as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time); 
"GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline" means the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI for the Baseline 
Financial Year (subject to recalculation in accordance with Condition 5.6(b) above);

--- Page 83 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 73 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
"GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline Assurance Report" has the meaning given to it in 
Condition 14A (Available Information); 
"GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Condition" means: 
(i) 
the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI Percentage in respect of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
Reference Year, as shown in the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report relating to 
the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Year, is equal to or greater than the GHGe 
Scope 1+2+3 KPI Percentage Threshold; and 
(ii) 
the relevant Sustainability-Linked Progress Report and Assurance Report in respect 
of the relevant GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Year and (if applicable) any related 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline Assurance Report have been published by 
Heimstaden Bostad in accordance with Condition 14A (Available Information) by 
no later than the relevant GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Notification Deadline; 
a "GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event" shall occur if the Group fails to satisfy the GHGe Scope 
1+2+3 Condition; 
"GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI" means the sum, expressed in aggregate metric tons of carbon 
dioxide equivalent (tCO2e), of GHG Emissions (Scope 1), GHG Emissions (Scope 2) and 
GHG Emissions (Scope 3); 
"GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI Percentage" means, in respect of any Relevant Financial Year, 
the percentage (rounded to the nearest whole number, with 0.5 rounded upwards) by which 
the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI for such Relevant Financial Year is a reduction in comparison 
to the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline, as calculated in good faith by Heimstaden Bostad, 
published by Heimstaden Bostad in the relevant Sustainability-Linked Progress Report 
and confirmed by the External Verifier in the relevant Assurance Report, in accordance 
with Condition 14A (Available Information); 
"GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI Percentage Threshold" means the the threshold (expressed 
as a percentage) specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
KPI Percentage Threshold; 
"GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Notification Deadline" means (i) the date 120 days after the last 
day of the Relevant Financial Year or (ii) if Heimstaden Bostad gives notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) that additional time will be 
required for the External Verifier to complete the Assurance Report, the earlier of the date 
the Assurance Report is published (which shall be as soon as reasonably practicable after 
the date referred to in (i)) and the date falling 30 Business Days prior to the next following 
Interest Payment Date of the Notes after the date 120 days after the last day of the Relevant 
Financial Year; 
"GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Year" means the Relevant Financial Year specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Year; 
"GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Step Up Margin" means the amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Step Up Margin; 
"Initial Margin" means, in respect of Floating Rate Notes, the initial Margin specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" means, in respect of Fixed Rate Notes, the initial Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Financial Year" means a financial year commencing on 1 January and ending 
on 31 December, beginning with the year in which the Issue Date of the Notes falls up to 
(and including) the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Year; 
"Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework" means the sustainability-linked 
financing framework published by the Issuer and available on the Issuer's website; and

--- Page 84 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 74 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
"Sustainability-Linked Progress Report" has the meaning given to it in Condition 14A 
(Available Information). 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of Payment) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States 
of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below), 
Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Notes or Notes in respect of which a Step Up Rating Change and/or 
a Step Down Rating Change is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms) should 
be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount 
of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would 
otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date 
on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note, Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form or 
Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form that is a Sustainability-Linked Step-Up Note or in respect 
of which a Step Up Rating Change and/or a Step Down Rating Change is specified as being 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons 
(if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case 
may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" 
is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose

--- Page 85 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 75 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such 
Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate 
amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such 
Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either 
on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") (i) where in global 
form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) 
before the relevant due date. For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account (which, 
in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, shall be a non-resident account) 
maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
"Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close 
of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the 
relevant due date (the "Record Date"). Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered 
Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Note. 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility 
or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial 
ownership interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing 
any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.

--- Page 86 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 76 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
6.5 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes will be made to the Noteholders shown 
in the records of Euronext VPS in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from 
time to time governing Euronext VPS. 
The VPS Agent and any Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and the 
Guarantor and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder 
of VPS Notes. The relevant Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any time, with prior 
notification to the Trustee, to vary or terminate the appointment of the VPS Agent or the 
Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other agents, provided that the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor shall at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account operating 
institution with Euronext VPS, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so 
require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the VPS 
Notes may be listed. Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified office shall 
promptly be given to the holders of VPS Notes in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
6.6 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of 
each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such 
Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for 
their share of each payment so made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.6, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
(a) 
the relevant Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United 
States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full 
amount of principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when 
due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, adverse tax consequences to the relevant Issuer 
or the Guarantor. 
6.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
and

--- Page 87 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 77 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
6.8 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 
8 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; and 
(f) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
relevant Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 
8 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in substitution 
therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the relevant Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the relevant Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any 
time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice each as specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Principal 
Paying Agent (or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Trustee and the VPS Agent) and, in accordance 
with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the relevant 
Issuer satisfies the Trustee immediately before the giving of such notice that: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the relevant Issuer has or will 
become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 
(Taxation) or the Guarantor is unable to procure payment by the relevant Issuer and in 
making payment itself would be required to pay such additional amounts, in each case as

--- Page 88 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 78 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the 
Guarantor, taking reasonable measures available to it. 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor, would be obliged to pay 
such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.2, the relevant 
Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Agent, to make available 
at their specified office to the Noteholders (i) a certificate signed by an Authorised Signatory of 
the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, an Authorised Signatory of the Guarantor stating that the 
relevant Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the relevant Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) 
an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the relevant Issuer 
or, as the case may be, the Guarantor has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as 
sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.9 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together with any interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
each as specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) each as specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Where the Optional Redemption Amount is Spens Amount or Make-whole Amount, any such 
notice of redemption may, at the relevant Issuer's discretion, be subject to one or more conditions 
precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the relevant Issuer's discretion, the Optional 
Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such conditions shall be satisfied 
(or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may not occur and such 
notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not have been satisfied 
(or waived by the relevant Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption Date, or by the 
Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less 
than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount, in 
each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount 
of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if either Spens Amount or Make-whole 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be: 
(a) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher 
of (i) 100% of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as 
reported to the relevant Issuer and the Trustee by the Determination Agent, at which the 
Gross Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross 
Redemption Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation 
Time on the Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin; or

--- Page 89 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 79 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
if Make-whole Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher 
of (i) 100% of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the 
sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed 
and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date 
of redemption) and (in the case of Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes only, unless 
the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI Percentage as reported in the most recently published 
Sustainability-Linked Progress Report and Assurance Report as at the Optional 
Redemption Date is equal to or greater than the relevant GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI 
Percentage Threshold) the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Redemption Premium specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such 
amounts to the date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming the Day Count Fraction 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or such other day count basis as the Determination 
Agent may consider to be appropriate having regard to customary market practice at such 
time) at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, all as determined by the 
Determination Agent. 
In this Condition 7.3: 
"DA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities (which if the Specified Currency 
is euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having an 
actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the Remaining Term of the Notes, that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to the Remaining Term of the Notes; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank, financial institution of international standing 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise selected by the relevant Issuer; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double 
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" 
(published 8 June 1998, as amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding 
basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or, if 
such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross 
redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Quotation Time" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the 
Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations, or (c) if the Determination Agent obtains 
only one such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotation, such quotation so obtained, or (d) 
if no Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations are provided, the price determined by the 
Determination Agent (or failing which the Issuer, in consultation with the Determination Agent), 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner, at such time and by reference to such sources as it 
deems appropriate; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date 
of redemption;

--- Page 90 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 80 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the relevant Issuer, 
or their affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective 
successors, or (B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each 
case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted 
in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer;  
"Remaining Term" means the term to maturity of such Note (or, if Issuer Par Call is specified as 
being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the remaining term up to the Par Call Period 
Commencement Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the Remaining Term of such Note determined on the basis 
of:  
(i) 
in the case of Notes that are not Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes: the Rate of 
Interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which such Note 
is to be redeemed by the relevant Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7.3 or 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes that are Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes only: the Rate 
of Interest specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable 
Final Terms, until the Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment 
Date immediately following the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Notification Deadline 
relating to the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Year, at which point (unless the 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI Percentage as reported in the most recently published 
Sustainability-Linked Progress Report and Assurance Report as at the Optional 
Redemption Date is equal to or greater than the relevant GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI 
Percentage Threshold) the Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be increased by the 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Step Up Margin. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will 
(i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par Call) 
If Issuer Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
may, having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the 
Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Par Call Period specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
7.5 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (Special Redemption Event 
Call) 
If Special Redemption Event Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event, the Issuer (if the Basis of the Call is specified 
as being Mandatory in the applicable Final Terms) shall or (if the Basis of the Call is specified as

--- Page 91 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 81 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
being Optional in the applicable Final Terms) may, having given not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms at any time 
during the Special Optional Redemption Period to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem 
the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at the Special Redemption Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
For the purposes of this Condition a "Special Redemption Event" shall be deemed to have 
occurred if Heimstaden Bostad: (i) has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition 
Target specified in the applicable Final Terms by the Special Redemption Longstop Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or (ii) has published an announcement that it no longer intends to 
pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target. 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the 
minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the relevant Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify 
a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.6 and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal 
amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.3 (Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). 
If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the 
Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of 
this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise 
in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or 
any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
If this Note is a VPS Note, to exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes, the holder 
of the VPS Notes, must, within the notice period, give notice to the VPS Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.6 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
relevant Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.6 and instead to declare 
such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement).

--- Page 92 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 82 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
7.7 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control 
Put) 
If a Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a 
Change of Control Put Event (as defined below), each Noteholder will have the option (the 
"Change of Control Put Option") to require the relevant Issuer to redeem or, at the relevant 
Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Noteholder's Notes on the Change of 
Control Put Date (as defined below) at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together with 
interest accrued to but excluding the date of redemption or purchase. 
Promptly upon the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor becoming aware that a Change of Control Put 
Event has occurred and, in any event, within 5 days of the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor 
becoming aware that such Change of Control Put Event has occurred, the relevant Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor shall, and at any time upon the Trustee becoming so aware (the relevant Issuer and/or 
the Guarantor having failed to do so) the Trustee may, and, if so requested by the holders of at least 
one-fifth in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall, (subject in each case to being 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice (a "Change of Control 
Put Event Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the 
nature of the Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control 
Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar, on any Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.7 (Payment Day)) at the place of such 
specified office falling within the Change of Control Put Period (as defined below), a duly signed 
and completed notice of exercise in the form for the time being current obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Change of Control 
Put Exercise Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is to 
be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.7 and, in 
the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a 
new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.3 (Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive 
form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice must be 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note 
will, following the delivery of the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, be held to its order or 
under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of this Note under this Condition 7.7 the holder of this Note must, within the Change of 
Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given 
on their instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
If this Note is a VPS Note, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of a Note under this Condition 7.7, the holder of the VPS Note must, within the Change 
of Control Put Period, give notice to the VPS Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given by a holder of any Note shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption or purchase, an Event of Default has occurred and the 
Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the relevant 
Issuer to withdraw the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.7

--- Page 93 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 83 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
and instead treat its Notes as being forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement). 
Any Note which is the subject of a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice which has been delivered 
as described above prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Put Period shall be redeemed or, 
as the case may be, purchased by (or on behalf of) the relevant Issuer on the date which is the 
seventh Business Day as defined in Condition 5.2(a) (Interest Payment Dates) immediately 
following the last day of the Change of Control Put Period (the "Change of Control Put Date"). 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any steps to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put 
Event or Change of Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of, or could constitute, 
a Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control has occurred and, until it shall have received 
notice thereof pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change 
of Control Put Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
In these Conditions: 
a "Change of Control Put Event" will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
any Person or any Persons acting in concert (other than Heimstaden AB (publ) or Alecta 
Tjänstepension Ömsesidigt) shall acquire: (A) shares in the issued or allotted share capital 
of Heimstaden Bostad carrying more than 50% of the voting rights normally exercisable 
at a general meeting of Heimstaden Bostad; or (B) the power to appoint or remove all or 
the majority of the members of the board of directors of Heimstaden Bostad (each such 
event being, a "Change of Control"); and 
(b) 
on the date (the "Relevant Announcement Date") that is the earlier of (1) the date of the 
earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any) and (2) 
the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control, the Notes 
carry: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) (an 
"Investment Grade Rating") from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating 
Agency at the invitation or with the consent of Heimstaden Bostad) and, within 
the Change of Control Period, any such Rating Agency downgrades its rating of 
the Notes to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent, 
or worse) or withdraws its rating of the Notes and such rating is not within the 
Change of Control Period (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case 
of a withdrawal) reinstated to an Investment Grade Rating by such Rating Agency; 
or 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) from 
any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or with the 
consent of Heimstaden Bostad) and such rating from any Rating Agency is within 
the Change of Control Period downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, 
Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within 
the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded 
or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by 
such Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event also occurs 
within the Change of Control Period, 
and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
Trustee that such downgrading and/or withdrawal resulted, directly or indirectly, from the 
Change of Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the 
Change of Control shall have occurred at the time such rating is downgraded and/or 
withdrawn). Upon receipt by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee of any such

--- Page 94 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 84 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
written confirmation, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such written 
confirmation to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
If the rating designations employed by S&P, Moody's or Fitch are changed from those which are 
described in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Change of Control Put Event" above, or if a rating 
is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, Heimstaden Bostad shall determine the rating 
designations of S&P, Moody's or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are 
most equivalent to the prior rating designations of S&P, Moody's or Fitch and this Condition 7.7 
shall be construed accordingly. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date 
and ending 120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control or, where a Rating Agency has 
publicly announced that the Notes are under consideration for rating review or, as the case may be, 
rating (such public announcement being within the period ending 120 days after the Change of 
Control), the later of (i) such 120th day after the Change of Control and (ii) the date falling 60 days 
after such public announcement; 
"Change of Control Put Period" means the period from, and including, the date of a Change of 
Control Put Event Notice to, but excluding, the 45th day following the date of the Change of 
Control Put Event Notice or, if earlier, the eighth day immediately preceding the Maturity Date; 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Limited; 
"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service Limited; 
"Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) Heimstaden Bostad does not, 
prior to or not later than 21 days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and 
thereafter throughout the Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating 
of the Notes or (ii) if Heimstaden Bostad does so seek and use all such reasonable endeavours, it 
is unable to obtain such rating of at least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or 
better) by the end of the Change of Control Period and the relevant Rating Agency announces 
publicly or confirms in writing to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the Trustee that the failure 
to issue a rating of at least investment grade (Baa3/BBB-/BBB- or equivalent or better) was as a 
result, directly or indirectly, of the Change of Control or the Potential Change of Control 
Announcement (whether or not the Change of Control had occurred at such time); 
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or statement by 
or on behalf of Heimstaden Bostad, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf 
of any actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days 
following the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs; and 
"Rating Agency" means S&P, Moody's or Fitch or any of their respective successors or any other 
rating agency (a "Substitute Rating Agency") of equivalent international standing specified by 
Heimstaden Bostad from time to time and approved by the Trustee in writing; and 
"S&P" and "Standard & Poor's" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
7.8 
Clean-up Call 
If Clean-up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that the 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding is 25% or less of the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes originally issued (for these purposes, any further notes issued pursuant to Condition 18 
(Further Issues) and consolidated with this Series of Notes shall be deemed to have been originally 
issued, but excluding any Notes redeemed pursuant to Condition 7.3 (Redemption at the option of 
the relevant Issuer (Issuer Call)), the relevant Issuer may, having given not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in applicable Final Terms to the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices), redeem or, at the relevant Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the purchase of) all but 
not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at their principal amount together with interest 
accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. The notice referred to in the preceding 
sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 95 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 85 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
7.9 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount being an 
amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 𝑅𝑅𝑅𝑅× (1 + 𝐴𝐴𝐴𝐴)𝑦𝑦 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
"AY" 
means the Accrual Yield (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) expressed as a 
decimal; and 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
7.10 
Purchases 
The relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, or any Subsidiary of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor may 
at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any price in the open market 
or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes), surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or 
the Registrar for cancellation or, in the case of VPS Notes, cancelled by causing such VPS Notes 
to be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS. 
7.11 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.10 (Purchases) above 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, shall be deleted from the records of Euronext 
VPS, and in each case cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.12 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 
(Redemption at the option of the relevant Issuer (Issuer Call)), 7.4 (Redemption at the option of 
the relevant Issuer (Issuer Par Call)) or 7.5 (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special 
Redemption Event (Special Redemption Event Call)) above or upon its becoming due and repayable 
as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or 
refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount

--- Page 96 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 86 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
calculated as provided in Condition 7.9(b) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the 
redemption or the date upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were 
replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar or, in the case of VPS Notes, Euronext VPS and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
7.13 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption 
This Condition 7.13 (Sustainability-Linked Redemption) is applicable to the Notes only if the 
Sustainability-Linked Redemption Option is specified as being applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms ("Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes").  
For such Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes, following the occurrence of a GHGe Scope 
1+2+3 Event, the Final Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Change of 
Control Redemption Amount or the Early Redemption Amount, in each case as applicable, shall 
be increased by the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Redemption Premium specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event to be notified to the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders as soon 
as reasonably practicable after such occurrence and in no event later than the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 
Notification Deadline relating to the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Reference Year. 
8. 
TAXATION 
8.1 
Taxation provisions applicable to Notes other than VPS Notes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes (other than VPS Notes) and Coupons 
by or on behalf of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor will be made without withholding or 
deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or 
levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. In such event, the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes 
(other than VPS Notes) or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective 
amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the 
Notes (other than VPS Notes) or Coupons, as the case may be, in the absence of such withholding 
or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note 
(other than a VPS Note) or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Sweden or the Netherlands; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note (other than a 
VPS Note) or Coupon by reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note (other than a VPS Note) or Coupon; 
(c) 
where such withholding or deduction is imposed pursuant to the Dutch Withholding Tax 
Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021), as amended, on payments due to a holder of a Note 
(other than a VPS Note) or Coupon affiliated (gelieerd) to HBT (within the meaning of 
the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 as at the date on which agreement is reached to issue 
the first Tranche of the Notes; or 
(d) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.7 (Payment Day)).

--- Page 97 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 87 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
8.2 
Taxation provisions applicable to VPS Notes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor shall be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction 
unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the relevant Issuer or, as 
the case may be, the Guarantor will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that 
the net amounts received by the holders of the VPS Notes after such withholding or deduction shall 
equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been receivable 
in respect of the VPS Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such 
additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any VPS Note the holder of which is liable for 
such taxes or duties in respect of such VPS Note by reason of them having some connection with 
a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such VPS Note. 
8.3 
Definitions 
As used in these Conditions: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means the Kingdom of Sweden (in the case of payments by HBT or 
Heimstaden Bostad) and/or the Netherlands (in the case of payments by HBT or by 
Heimstaden Bostad in respect of Notes issued by HBT) (or, in either case, any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax) or any other 
jurisdiction (or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power 
to tax) to which payments made by the relevant Issuer or, as the case may be, the Guarantor 
of principal and interest on the Notes become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee 
or the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar (or, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS 
Agent), as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the 
full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 6.2 
(Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant 
to Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth 
in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction), (but in the case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs 10.1(b) 
to 10.1(e) (other than the winding up or dissolution of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor) and 
10.1(f) to (h) inclusive below, only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders), give notice in writing to the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor that each Note is, 
and each Note shall thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early Redemption 
Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed if any of the following events 
(each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing:

--- Page 98 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 88 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days 
in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if Heimstaden Bostad fails to comply with Condition 4.2(b) (Financial Covenants – 
Maintenance of Consolidated Coverage Ratio) and such breach continues for 90 days; or 
(c) 
if the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor fails to perform or observe any of its other 
obligations under these Conditions or the Trust Deed (other than the obligations under 
Condition 14A (Available Information)) and (except in any case where, in the opinion of 
the Trustee, the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is 
hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues unremedied for the period of 
30 days or such longer period as the Trustee may agree after the service by the Trustee on 
the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) of written notice requiring the 
same to be remedied; or 
(d) 
if (i) any Financial Indebtedness of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their 
respective Subsidiaries becomes due and repayable prior to its stated maturity by reason 
of an event of default (however described); (ii) the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any 
of their respective Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any Financial 
Indebtedness on the due date for payment (as extended by any originally applicable grace 
period); (iii) any security given by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any of their 
Subsidiaries for any Financial Indebtedness becomes enforceable and steps are taken to 
enforce the same; or (iv) default is made by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any of 
their respective Subsidiaries in making any payment due under any guarantee and/or 
indemnity given by it in relation to any Financial Indebtedness of any other person; 
provided that no event described in this subparagraph 10.1(d) shall constitute an Event 
of Default unless the relevant amount of Financial Indebtedness or other relative liability 
due and unpaid, either alone or when aggregated (without duplication) with other amounts 
of Financial Indebtedness and/or other liabilities due and unpaid relative to all (if any) 
other events specified in (i) to (iv) above, amounts to at least 1% of the Consolidated Total 
Assets; or 
(e) 
if any order is made by any competent court or any resolution is passed for the winding 
up or dissolution of the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary, save 
for (i) the purposes of reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the 
Group whilst solvent; (ii) in respect of a Material Subsidiary, where such winding up or 
dissolution is in connection with the sale for full consideration received by the Group on 
an arm's length basis of the assets or the business of such Material Subsidiary, all of the 
proceeds of which are reinvested in the Group; or (iii) on terms previously approved in 
writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(f) 
if (a) the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, save for: (i) the 
purposes of any reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the Group 
whilst solvent; (ii) in respect of a Material Subsidiary, in connection with the sale for full 
consideration received by the Group on an arm's length basis of the assets or business of 
such Material Subsidiary, all of the proceeds of which are reinvested in the Group; or (iii) 
on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution, 
or (b) the Issuer, Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary becomes insolvent or is unable to 
(or admits inability to) pay its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed 
unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is 
adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(g) 
if: (i) proceedings are initiated against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the 
appointment of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official is appointed, in relation to the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material 
Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking

--- Page 99 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 89 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or any part of 
the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration 
or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any 
part of the undertaking or assets of any of them; and (ii) in the case of each of the foregoing 
(other than the appointment of an administrator), is not discharged within 60 days; or 
(h) 
if the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or any Material Subsidiary (or their respective 
directors or shareholders) initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself 
under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar 
laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for 
the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal 
for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); 
or 
(i) 
if, in the case of Notes issued by HBT, HBT ceases to be a subsidiary wholly owned and 
controlled, directly or indirectly, by Heimstaden Bostad; or 
(j) 
if the Guarantee ceases to be, or is claimed by HBT or the Guarantor not to be, in full force 
and effect; or 
(k) 
if any event occurs which, under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, has or may have, in 
the Trustee's opinion, an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (h) 
to (j) above. 
"continuing" for the purposes of this Condition 10 is an Event of Default that has not been waived 
or remedied; 
10.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against 
the relevant Issuer and/or the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust 
Deed, the Notes or the Coupons, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other 
action in relation to the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons unless (a) it shall have been so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-
fifth in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the relevant Issuer or 
the Guarantor unless the Trustee, having become bound so to proceed fails or is unable to do within 
60 days, and the failure or inability shall be continuing. 
10.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of Heimstaden Bostad: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
or whose rental income (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries) represent in each case not less than 5% of the consolidated total assets or, as 
the case may be, consolidated rental income of the Group, all as calculated respectively 
by reference to the then latest audited financial statements (consolidated or, as the case 
may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Group, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of Heimstaden 
Bostad acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group relate, the reference to the then latest 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the purposes of the calculation 
above shall, until consolidated financial statements for the financial period in which the 
acquisition is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a 
reference to such first-mentioned financial statements as if such Subsidiary had been

--- Page 100 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 90 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant audited financial statements, 
adjusted as deemed appropriate by Heimstaden Bostad; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets 
of a Subsidiary of Heimstaden Bostad which immediately prior to such transfer is a 
Material Subsidiary pursuant to (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall 
upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee 
Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the 
date on which the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial period 
current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that 
such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on 
or at any time after the date on which such consolidated financial statements have been 
prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, 
prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking 
or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group relate, generate rental income equal to) not 
less than 5% of the consolidated rental income, or represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are 
equal to) not less than 5% of the consolidated total assets, of the Group, all as calculated 
as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a 
Material Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary 
unless immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the 
case aforesaid, generate rental income equal to) not less than 5% of the consolidated rental 
income, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 5% of 
the consolidated total assets, of the Group, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph 
(a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant 
to this subparagraph (c) on the date on which the consolidated financial statements of the 
Group for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and 
audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a 
Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts 
have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph 
(a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this 
definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed. 
A report by an Authorised Signatory of Heimstaden Bostad (whether or not addressed to the 
Trustee) that in their opinion a Subsidiary of Heimstaden Bostad is or is not or was or was not at 
any particular time or throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary may be relied upon 
by the Trustee without further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
and indemnity as the relevant Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons 
or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 101 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 91 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
The relevant Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change 
in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor is incorporated. 
In addition, the relevant Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in 
New York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (Payments in respect of VPS 
Notes). Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given 
to the Noteholders promptly by the relevant Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the relevant Issuer and 
the Guarantor and, in certain circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any 
obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency 
Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted 
or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become 
the successor agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 9 (Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The relevant Issuer 
shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any 
stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed 
or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant 
stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than 
one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as 
provided above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed 
to have been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery

--- Page 102 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 92 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them 
to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In the case of VPS Notes, notices shall be given in accordance with the procedures of Euronext 
VPS. Notices to holders of VPS Notes shall be valid if given to Euronext VPS for communication 
by it to the holders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock exchange, the relevant Issuer 
shall ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of such 
exchange. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the VPS Notes 
one day after delivery of such notice to Euronext VPS. 
Notices to be given by any holder of Notes (other than VPS Notes) shall be in writing and given 
by lodging the same, together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or 
Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case 
of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may 
be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
14A.  AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
This Condition 14A (Available Information) applies only to Sustainability-Linked Step Up Notes 
Notes and Sustainability-Linked Redemption Notes.  
In respect of each Relevant Financial Year, Heimstaden Bostad will publish on its website: (i) a 
report containing the then current GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline and the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI 
Percentage for the Relevant Financial Year (the "Sustainability-Linked Progress Report"); (ii) 
an assurance report issued by the External Verifier (the "Assurance Report") in respect of the 
GHGe Scope 1+2+3 KPI Percentage provided in the Sustainability-Linked Progress Report; and 
(iii) following any recalculation of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline by Heimstaden Bostad in the 
Relevant Financial Year in accordance with Condition 5.6(b), an assurance report issued by the 
External Verifier confirming such recalculation of the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline (the "GHGe 
Scope 1+2+3 Baseline Assurance Report"). The Assurance Report, the Sustainability-Linked 
Progress Report and (if applicable) the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline Assurance Report relating to 
any Relevant Financial Year will be published by Heimstaden Bostad no later than the GHGe 
Scope 1+2+3 Notification Deadline. If the Issuer fails to publish the Assurance Report, the 
Sustainability-Linked Progress Report or (if applicable) the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Baseline 
Assurance Report relating to any Relevant Financial Year by the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Notification 
Deadline, then the Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders of such failure in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) by no later than the GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Notification Deadline. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any failure to comply with the provisions of this Condition 14A shall 
not represent a breach of obligation or an event of default, and shall be relevant only in respect of 
determining whether a GHGe Scope 1+2+3 Event has occurred. 
15. 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Trustee shall, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, agree with the 
relevant Issuer and the Guarantor to the substitution in place of the relevant Issuer (or of any 
previous substitute under this Condition 15) as the principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons 
and the Trust Deed of any company being a Subsidiary of Heimstaden Bostad, subject to: 
(a) 
the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Heimstaden Bostad; 
(b) 
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with; and

--- Page 103 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 93 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
(c) 
in connection with VPS Notes, the substitute becoming party to the VPS Agency 
Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original 
party to it. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, agree with the relevant 
Issuer and the Guarantor to the substitution in place of the relevant Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute under this Condition 15) as the principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the 
Trust Deed of any company being a Subsidiary of Heimstaden Bostad, subject to: 
(a) 
the Trustee being satisfied that the substitution is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders; 
(b) 
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with; and 
(c) 
in connection with VPS Notes, the substitute becoming party to the VPS Agency 
Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original 
party to it. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, AUTHORISATION 
AND DETERMINATION 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call 
or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
relevant Issuer or the Guarantor or the Trustee and shall be convened by the relevant Issuer if 
required in writing by Noteholders holding not less than 5% in nominal amount of the Notes for 
the time being remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons holding or representing not less than 50% in 
nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or 
more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held 
or represented, except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity 
of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of 
principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment 
of the Notes or the Coupons in certain respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding 
or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more persons holding or representing not less 
than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed 
provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting duly convened and held in accordance with the 
Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast on such 
resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-
fourths in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding or (iii) consent given by 
way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the 
Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than three-fourths in nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, be effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be 
binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at any such meeting and whether or not 
they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
16.2 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these 
Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, or determine, 
without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such (provided that, in any such case, it is not, 
in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders) or may 
agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which, in its opinion, is of a

--- Page 104 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 94 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error or an error which, in the opinion of 
the Trustee, is proven. 
Additionally, the relevant Issuer may, subject to Condition 5.2(f), vary or amend these Conditions, 
the Trust Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to certain amendments without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders of the relevant Notes or Coupons, as 
described in Condition 5.2(f) and the Trustee shall agree to such variations or amendments on the 
basis set out in Condition 5.2(f). 
16.3 
Trustee to have Regard to Interests of Noteholders as a Class 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
substitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class but 
shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or 
any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of 
any such exercise upon individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already 
provided for in Condition 8 (Taxation) and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or 
in substitution for, Condition 8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
16.4 
Notification to the Noteholders 
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution shall be binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any 
modification or substitution shall be notified by the relevant Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION AND PROTECTION OF THE TRUSTEE AND ITS 
CONTRACTING WITH THE ISSUERS AND/OR THE GUARANTOR 
17.1 
Indemnification and protection of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility and liability towards the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders, including (i) provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction and (ii) provisions limiting or excluding its liability in 
certain circumstances. The Trust Deed provides that, when determining whether an indemnity or 
any security or pre-funding is satisfactory to it, the Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk 
in any given circumstance by considering the worst-case scenario and (ii) to require that any 
indemnity or security given to it by the Noteholders or any of them be given on a joint and several 
basis and be supported by evidence satisfactory to it as to the financial standing and 
creditworthiness of each counterparty and/or as to the value of the security and an opinion as to the 
capacity, power and authority of each counterparty and/or the validity and effectiveness of the 
security. The Trustee may rely without liability to the Noteholders or Couponholders on a report, 
confirmation or certificate or opinion or any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial 
institution or other expert, whether or not addressed to it and whether their liability in relation 
thereto is limited (by its terms or by any engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the 
Trustee or in any other manner) by reference to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The 
Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to rely on any such report, opinion, confirmation or 
certificate or advice and such report, opinion, confirmation, or certificate or advice shall be binding 
on the relevant Issuer and the Guarantor, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders.

--- Page 105 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 95 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
17.2 
Trustee Contracting with the Issuers and/or the Guarantor 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuers, the Guarantor and/or any of their respective 
Subsidiaries and to act as trustee for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or 
relating to, the Issuers, the Guarantor or any of their respective Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and 
enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its duties under or in relation to any 
such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship without regard to the interests of, or 
consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) to retain and not be liable to account 
for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received thereby or in connection therewith. 
17.3 
Trustee Actions 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in 
that jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be 
contrary to any law of that jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Trustee may also refrain from taking such 
action if it would otherwise render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or if, in its opinion 
based upon such legal advice, it would not have the power to do the relevant thing in that 
jurisdiction by virtue of any applicable law in that jurisdiction or if it is determined by any court 
or other competent authority in that jurisdiction that it does not have such power. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The relevant Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or 
the Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the 
Notes or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest 
thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
(a) 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law, except that the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as the 
recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, VPS Notes are governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
(b) 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 
March 2019 no. 6 which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian law, 
and any regulation passed under the act and the rules and procedures of Euronext VPS, in 
each case, as amended or replaced from time to time and the holders of VPS Notes will be 
entitled to the rights and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this 
Act and any related regulations and legislation. 
(c) 
The VPS Agency Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the VPS Agency Agreement) are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Norwegian law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 20.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the 
Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance,

--- Page 106 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 96 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes 
and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute") and accordingly each of the relevant Issuer and the 
Trustee and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, the relevant Issuer waives any objection to the 
English courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle 
any Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, 
in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor irrevocably appoints Heimstaden Holding U.K. Ltd at One 
Fleet Place, London, England, EC4M 7WS as its agent for service of process in any proceedings 
before the English courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Heimstaden 
Holding U.K. Ltd being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint 
another person approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of 
any Dispute. Each of the Issuers and the Guarantor agrees that failure by a process agent to notify 
any of it of any process will not invalidate service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve 
process in any other manner permitted by law. 
20.4 
Other documents and the Guarantor 
The relevant Issuer and, where applicable, the Guarantor have in the Trust Deed and Agency 
Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the English courts and appointed an agent for service 
of process in terms substantially similar to those set out above.

--- Page 107 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 97 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the relevant Issuer for general corporate purposes, 
unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In particular, if so specified in the use of proceeds section of the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer 
intends to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of Notes to finance or refinance, in 
whole or in part, green or sustainable projects, in line with Heimstaden Bostad's Green Bond Framework 
(as defined below) ("Green Projects"). Such Notes may also be referred to as "Green Bonds" 
Heimstaden Bostad intends that Green Projects financed or refinanced by Green Bonds will belong to the 
following categories: 
1. 
New buildings: Buildings built from 1 January 2021, designed to achieve a net primary energy 
demand that is at least 10% lower than the threshold required by the Nearly Zero-energy Buildings 
(NZEB) in the local market. 
2. 
Existing buildings: Existing buildings (built before January 2021) with dedicated energy 
management systems in place, proven by meeting one of the following criteria: 
• 
Buildings with an Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) with energy class A; or 
• 
Buildings belonging to the top 15% of the national building stock in terms of primary 
energy demand (PED) defined through e. g. a specialist study. 
3. 
Major renovations: Renovation of existing buildings that lead to an overall reduction in primary 
energy demand per square metre and year (kWh/m2/year) by at least 30% compared to the pre-
investment decision or, the building renovation complies with the applicable requirements for 
major renovations. 
4. 
Energy efficiency measures: Direct costs (e. g. material, installation and labour costs) for 
installing energy efficient technologies such as heat pumps, smart control systems, new windows, 
improved thermal insulation, energy efficient lighting, ventilation systems, replacement with 
efficient pumps, optimisation on heating systems or costs for enabling renewable energy sources. 
A green finance working group formed by members of the group treasury, group asset management, and 
group energy management teams will be responsible for overseeing the allocation of proceeds from Green 
Bonds into Green Projects.  
Heimstaden Bostad's Green Bond Framework (the "Green Bond Framework") is available at: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/551253430/files/doc_downloads/2023/Green_Bond/Green-and-Sustainability-
Linked-Financing-Framework-2023.pdf 
The Second Party Opinion from Sustainalytics dated 28 February 2023 is available at: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/551253430/files/doc_downloads/2023/Green_Bond/Heimstaden-Bostad-Green-
and-Sustainability-Linked-Financing-Framework-Second-Party-Opinion.pdf 
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor 
and including any post-issuance reports prepared by an external reviewer) which may be made available in 
connection with the issue of any Green Bonds and in particular with any Green Projects to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. 
Neither such opinion or certification nor the Green Bond Framework are, nor should be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor, the Trustee or any of the Dealers or any other person 
to buy, sell or hold any such Green Bonds. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date 
that opinion or certification was initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider 
of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bonds. Currently, the 
providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or

--- Page 108 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 98 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
oversight. Prospective investors in any Green Bonds should also refer to the risk factor above headed "In 
respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a Green Bond, there can be no assurance 
that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment criteria of an investor". 
Heimstaden Bostad may amend or update the Green Bond Framework in the future. Any change to the 
Green Bond Framework would be publicly announced. The Green Bond Framework, including any changes 
thereto, 
will 
be 
available 
on 
Heimstaden 
Bostad's 
website 
at 
https://www.heimstadenbostad.com/investors/debt-information/Green-Bond-Framework/default.aspx. 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Green Bond Framework nor the Second Party Opinion are, nor shall 
either of them be deemed to be, incorporated in, and/or form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Heimstaden Bostad intends to provide a Green Bond Report annually and until the maturity of the Green 
Bonds issued. Any Green Bond Report will include reporting on allocation of proceeds and environmental 
impact of the Green Projects. Any Green Bond Report will be provided to investors on Heimstaden Bostad's 
website: https://www.heimstadenbostad.com/home/default.aspx. For the avoidance of doubt, any such 
reports will not be incorporated by reference in, or form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
If Special Redemption Event Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Applicable", the use of 
proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms as being acquisition consideration, directly or indirectly, in 
whole or in part, and related fees in respect of the acquisition of the Acquisition Target. The Final Terms 
may also state the potential use for general corporate purposes or other purposes if the Special Redemption 
Event occurs but the relevant Issuer elects not to exercise the Special Redemption Event Call (if the Basis 
of the Call is specified as Optional). 
Any additional information related to the use of proceeds will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 109 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 99 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF HBT 
General Information 
HBT's legal and commercial name is Heimstaden Bostad Treasury B.V. ("HBT"). HBT was incorporated 
as a private company with limited liability (besloten vennootschap met beperkte aansprakelijkheid) under 
and subject to the laws of the Netherlands on 17 July 2020. HBT is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
Heimstaden Bostad. 
HBT's corporate seat (statutaire zetel) is in Amsterdam, the Netherlands and it is registered with the Dutch 
Chamber of Commerce under number 78619610. HBT's registered office is situated at Herikerbergweg 
181, 6th floor, 1101 CN Amsterdam, The Netherlands and its telephone number is +31 85 0866039. 
The authorised share capital of HBT is EUR 1.00 and is represented by 100 shares having a nominal value 
of EUR 0.01 each. The share capital of HBT is fully subscribed and is fully paid up in cash by Heimstaden 
Bostad, as the sole shareholder. 
HBT is a special purpose financing vehicle that was formed for the purpose of raising debt for the Group. 
The principal activities of HBT are the issuance of euro-denominated financial instruments and intra-group 
arrangements with other members of the Group to on-lend the proceeds of the issuance of financial 
instruments. 
Heimstaden Bostad is the sole shareholder of HBT. The rights of Heimstaden Bostad in HBT are contained 
in the articles of association of HBT and HBT is managed in accordance with those articles and with the 
provisions of Dutch law. 
Management and Auditors 
Board of Managing Directors 
The board of managing directors of HBT is made up of Rutger Käding as managing director A and Simon 
Kuijs and Suzanne Petronella Maria Bliemer both as managing director B. For further information, see 
"Description of Heimstaden Bostad – Board of Directors, Management and Auditors" below. 
The business address of the directors is Herikerbergweg 181, 6th floor, 1101 CN Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the board of directors in respect of HBT 
and their private interests or other duties. 
Auditors 
EY Accountants B.V. have been appointed by general meeting as HBT's auditors and is registered with the 
Dutch Financial Markets Authority (Autoriteit Financiële Markten). 
The auditor who signs the auditor's report on behalf of EY Accountants B.V. is a member of the Netherlands 
Institute of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). 
EY Accountants B.V.'s address is Cross Towers, Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, the 
Netherlands.

--- Page 110 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 100 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF HEIMSTADEN BOSTAD 
General Information 
Heimstaden Bostad's legal and commercial name is Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ), its corporate registration 
number is 556864-0873 and it was incorporated on 12 September 2011. 
Heimstaden Bostad is incorporated in Sweden and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration 
Office (Bolagsverket). Heimstaden Bostad is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) subject 
to the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act 
(årsredovisningslagen (1995:1554)). Heimstaden Bostad's registered office is Carl Gustafs Väg 1, SE-217 
42 Malmö, Sweden. The telephone number of Heimstaden Bostad is +46 (0)77-011 10 50. 
Group Structure  
Heimstaden Bostad is a property company whose principal business is to invest in residential properties. 
The Group is mandated to invest in growth areas in the EU, Norway, the UK and Switzerland. Heimstaden 
Bostad was formed in 2013 by Heimstaden AB (publ) ("Heimstaden") in partnership with Alecta mutual 
pension insurance (Alecta Tjänstepension Ömsesidigt) ("Alecta") and the pension funds of the two Swedish 
companies: Sandvik AB (publ) (the "Sandvik Pension Fund") and Ericsson AB (publ) (the "Ericsson 
Pension Fund"). 
Heimstaden's majority owner is Fredensborg AS, a Norwegian investment company indirectly owned by 
Ivar and Ninja Tollefsen. The rights of the shareholders in Heimstaden Bostad are contained in the articles 
of association of Heimstaden Bostad and Heimstaden Bostad is managed in accordance with those articles 
and with the provisions of Swedish law.  
The illustration below provides an overview of the ownership structure of Heimstaden Bostad based on 
voting rights and capital as at 31 December 2024. 
 
 
 
 
Note: 
(1)  
Capital means Heimstaden Bostad's net asset value excluding non-controlling interest and hybrid bonds with accrued interest. 
The calculation is based on figures as at 31 December 2024. 
(2)  
Allianz, through joint ventures, see section "Allianz and Heimstaden Bostad joint ventures". 
See "Shareholders – Capital Distribution" below for details of the ownership holdings of investors in 
Heimstaden Bostad (based on voting rights) as at 31 December 2024. 
■-·--
·1-·-
-
~ 
95.97% 
70.84% 
HEIMPREF 
I 
403% 
Votes 
29.16% Share capital 
Heimstaden 
AB 
Founder & Manager 
Group management 
agreement 
Shareholder 
agreement 
50.1% 
36.2% 
49.9% 
Votes 
63.8% 
Capital 1 
Heimstaden 
BOSTAD 
Country Management 
■- -
+-
■- - -
■-
:1: .... 
Selected Institutional Investors 
Alecta 
Folksam Group 
Ericsson Pension Fund 
Swedish Pensions Agency 
Other investors 
Institutional Partner 
Allianz 2

--- Page 111 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 101 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
The History of Heimstaden Bostad 
From the years from 2013 until 2017, Heimstaden Bostad acquired properties in Sweden, Denmark, and 
Norway. By 31 December 2017, it had converted shareholder loans into equity and held investment 
properties valued at SEK 43.7 billion. 
In 2018, Heimstaden Bostad obtained an investment-grade ‘BBB-’ rating from S&P, established a Euro 
Medium-Term Note Programme with an inaugural EUR/SEK/NOK multi-tranche bond, and expanded its 
Danish and Swedish holdings, reaching SEK 72.3 billion in investment property value as at 31 December 
2018. In 2019, Heimstaden Bostad broadened its platform to the Netherlands and Germany, bringing its 
investment property value to SEK 113.3 billion as at 31 December 2019. In 2020, Heimstaden Bostad 
entered Czechia, received an S&P rating upgrade to ‘BBB’ and a had a consortium consisting of the 
Folksam group, Folksam Liv, Folksam Sak and KPA Pension (together, the "Folksam Group") as new 
equity investors in Heimstaden Bostad. 
In 2021, Heimstaden Bostad made its first investment in the UK, gained a ‘BBB’ rating from Fitch, made 
its debut acquisitions in Finland, and gained the Swedish Pensions Agency (Pensionsmyndigheten), 
Försäkringsbranschens Pensionskassa and Migros Pensionskasse as new investors in Heimstaden Bostad. 
In 2022, Allianz Real Estate ("Allianz") became an equity investor through a joint venture in Sweden, the 
collaboration was later expanded in late 2022 through a second joint venture in Germany and an equity 
injection in the Swedish joint venture – see further "Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures – Allianz 
and Heimstaden Bostad joint ventures". Alleima AB (publ) (“Alleima”) also became an equity investor in 
Heimstaden Bostad following Sandvik Pension Fund’s shareholders deciding to distribute and list Alleima 
on Nasdaq Stockholm. Fitch and S&P both affirmed ‘BBB’ ratings with negative outlooks 
In 2023, Greater Manchester Pension Fund ("GMPF") became an equity investor in Heimstaden Bostad,  
Fitch placed its rating on watch negative, and S&P later lowered the rating to ‘BBB-’, maintaining a 
negative outlook. 
In 2024, Heimstaden Bostad focused on further strengthening its operational performance and cost control. 
The privatisation programme to sell a portion of the Heimstaden Bostad property portfolio to the private 
home-owner market has gained momentum and progressed as planned, with proceeds contributing to a 
solid financial position. This was further supported by prudent liability management, marked by a 
successful return to the primary capital markets in the second half of 2024.  
For events after 31 December 2024, see "Recent Developments" below. 
Shareholders 
Equity 
Heimstaden Bostad's shares are privately held and comprise of four classes of shares (class A shares, class 
B shares, class C shares and Common shares). All shareholders (except management) have holdings in both 
Common shares and class B shares. Heimstaden (through its subsidiaries) is the only holder of the class A 
and class C shares. 
See the section "Corporate Governance – Corporate Governance Structure" in the 2024 Annual Report for 
a presentation of the cumulative historical equity investment made by the Group's institutional investors 
and Heimstaden from 31 December 2017 to 31 December 2024. 
Capital Distribution 
The total capital of Heimstaden Bostad as at 31 December 2024 and its distribution between its shareholders 
is presented in the table below:

--- Page 112 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 102 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Shareholders 
Total 
capital(1) 
Proportion of 
total capital(1)  
Proportion of 
voting rights 
 
(SEK billion) 
(%) 
(%) 
Heimstaden AB (through subsidiary) ..........................................  
47 
36.2 
50.1 
Alecta ..........................................................................................  
50 
38.6 
30.4 
Ericsson Pension Fund ................................................................  
2 
1.6 
1.2 
Folksam Group ............................................................................  
24 
18.8 
14.5 
Swedish Pensions Agency  ..........................................................  
3 
2.1 
1.6 
Other Investors ............................................................................  
4 
2.8 
2.2 
Total ...........................................................................................  
129 
100 
100 
 
 
Note: 
(1)  
Capital means Heimstaden Bostad's net asset value excluding non-controlling interest and hybrid bonds with accrued interest. 
Dividend distribution model 
The shareholders have agreed on certain principles and rules governing the dividend distribution reflected 
in the Heimstaden Bostad SHA, whereby, in short, the overarching principle is that 100% of Heimstaden 
Bostad’s profit (less, if required, the portion of such profit that is reasonably considered required or at the 
discretion of Heimstaden AB withheld for certain pre-agreed purposes) shall be paid as dividends in the 
following manner: 
• 
dividends are paid to holders of class A shares and class B shares based on pre-defined allocation 
principles (see below) whereby non-paid dividend amounts roll over to the following financial year 
in accordance with the articles of association; 
• 
dividends on the class B shares can be paid in cash or shall be reinvested by way of subscription of 
new class B shares (against set-off of such portion of the dividend claim) if necessary to meet the 
agreed balance between the share classes (see below under "Rebalancing"); 
• 
dividends payable on the Common shares shall amount to the residual between the distributable 
profit (after the deductions described above) and the dividends payable to holders of class A and 
class B shares; and 
• 
class C shares do not entitle the holders to dividends or other distributions. 
According to the distribution waterfall set forth in Heimstaden Bostad's articles of association (the 
"Distribution Waterfall"), class A and class B shares have priority over the Common shares, i.e. dividends 
and other distributions to holders of Common shares are made only after the holders of class A and class B 
shares have received the dividend they are entitled to. Moreover, class A shares have priority over class B 
shares.  
The dividend to the holders of class A shares (of which Heimstaden AB owns 100%) is calculated quarterly 
and accumulated through the year before being paid after the subsequent year’s general meeting. Each class 
A share is entitled to a pro rata share of an aggregate amount equal to 0.20% of the market value of 
Heimstaden Bostad's properties, whereby such market value is determined based on the annual average 
market value computed on the basis of the quarterly reporting during the relevant financial year. When such 
dividend is distributed, the class A shares shall not be entitled to any further dividends. If the class A shares 
do not receive such dividend in full, any unpaid portion shall be distributed during a subsequent financial 
year before dividends to any other share classes are distributed. 
The class B shares are entitled to receive dividends on the basis of the following: 
• 
Loan-to-Value (LTV) based dividend 
• 
Return-on-Equity (ROE) based dividend 
The LTV based dividend shall be calculated as a percentage between 3.5% and 4.5% of the Acquisition 
Cost (as defined below) per each series of class B shares. 3.5% of the Acquisition Cost shall be distributed 
when LTV (as defined below) is 40% or lower and 4.5% shall be distributed when LTV is 65% or higher.

--- Page 113 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 103 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
The LTV based dividend shall be linearly adjusted between 3.5% and 4.5% in relation to LTV. LTV is 
calculated at the end of each quarter and the LTV based dividends are computed as the average of such 
LTV during the relevant financial year. The Heimstaden Bostad SHA requires the LTV to be below 65% 
for any dividends to be paid out, unless otherwise resolved by the shareholders. Thus, dividends to class B 
shares would, absent a shareholder resolution to the contrary, accrue in a situation where LTV is 65% or 
higher. 
The ROE based dividend shall be calculated based on ROE (as defined below) and the Acquisition Cost 
per each series of class B shares. In the event the ROE during a financial year (only calculated on an annual 
basis) exceeds 5%, the dividend percentage per class B share for such financial year shall be increased with 
ROE (specified as a percentage) less 5 percentage points multiplied by 0.25. 
Acquisition Cost: the average subscription price for each class of class B share (1-100) plus capitalised 
dividends in the event of a deficit in dividends. 
LTV: the aggregate loan-to-value ratios of Heimstaden Bostad, calculated as Heimstaden Bostad’s external 
loans at each quarter-end, divided by the aggregate market value of Heimstaden Bostad’s properties at each 
quarter-end. 
ROE: the consolidated year-end result of Heimstaden Bostad according to the annual report, divided by 
the total equity (consolidated) at the end of the relevant financial year (any resolved but unpaid dividends 
for the current financial year shall be added back). 
The dividend to holders of class B shares is paid after the subsequent year’s general meeting, subject to any 
rebalancing (as described in the following section). When the preferred dividend for each financial year 
attributable to the class B share has been distributed, the class B shares shall not be entitled to any further 
dividends. 
Rebalancing 
According to the Heimstaden Bostad SHA, the dividend split between the share classes is subject to a 
rebalancing mechanism that has the purpose of maintaining a maximum of 35% of Common shares and a 
minimum of 65% of class B shares. Therefore, if the value of the Common shares exceeds 35% of the 
adjusted equity value (as defined in the Heimstaden Bostad SHA) at the end of a financial year or quarter 
prior to the date when a general meeting of the shareholders resolves to make a profit distribution, the 
rebalancing mechanism in the Heimstaden Bostad SHA is triggered. 
The rebalancing mechanism entails that class B shares can receive all or parts of the accrued return as cash 
dividend, or, all or parts of the accrued return on the class B shares can be accumulated and added as paid 
in equity on the class B shares (the "PIK Amount"). In the event that the cash dividend and/or PIK Amount 
is insufficient to achieve the rebalancing, the PIK Amount (or a portion of thereof) and, if required, an 
additional cash amount shall be distributed on the Common shares. 
Distribution in the event of bankruptcy or liquidation 
The distribution model in the event of bankruptcy or liquidation largely mirrors the Distribution Waterfall. 
Available funds remaining after Heimstaden Bostad's creditors have been paid shall be distributed 
according to the following: 
• 
Firstly, the class A shares shall, on a pro rata basis, be entitled to distributions until such class A 
shares in aggregate have received an amount equal to the subscription price for the class A share 
plus any deficit from previous dividend distributions plus 0.05% of the market value of Heimstaden 
Bostad's properties, as determined in the respective quarterly report during the latest financial year 
or the latest accounting period for which dividends have not yet been allocated. 
• 
Secondly, the class B share shall, on a pro rata basis, be entitled to distributions until such class B 
shares in aggregate have received an amount equal to the Acquisition Cost plus any accrued dividend. 
In the event the funds available for distribution are not sufficient for class B shares to receive full 
payment in accordance with the above, the funds available for distribution shall be allocated between 
the class B shares in proportion to the Acquisition Cost plus any accrued dividend.

--- Page 114 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 104 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
• 
Thirdly, the class C shares shall, on a pro rata basis, be entitled to distribution until such class C 
shares in aggregate have received an amount equal to the subscription price for each class C share. 
• 
Fourthly, the Common shares shall receive any remaining funds following the distribution described 
above on a pro rata basis. 
In the event the funds available for distribution are not sufficient for class B shares to receive full payment 
in accordance with the above, the funds available for distribution shall be allocated between the class B 
shares in proportion to the Acquisition Cost plus the return for the respective series of class B shares. 
Recent developments 
On 10 January 2025 Fitch affirmed Heimstaden Bostad’s BBB- rating and raised the outlook to stable from 
negative. 
On 28 February 2025 Heimstaden Bostad successfully refinanced its senior unsecured revolving credit 
facilities (RCF) with EUR 800 million of senior unsecured RCFs across two agreements. The new facilities 
replace EUR 700 million of existing facilities while adding an additional EUR 100 million in new capacity. 
The facilities are set to further enhance Heimstaden Bostad's existing liquidity with an extended maturity 
date. 
Group Strategy  
Corporate strategy 
Heimstaden Bostad is a leading European residential real estate company guided by an evergreen 
perspective and Scandinavian entrepreneurial values. Its mission, Friendly Homes, aims to provide 
sustainable, long-term returns for shareholders while delivering quality living experiences and contributing 
to society. Commercial strength underpins all activities, supported by efficient, innovative operations and 
a focus on digital solutions. A “Friendly Workplace” culture empowers employees through diversity and 
development, driving both customer satisfaction and broader social impact. The Group has pledged over 
SEK 7.0 billion to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 42% by 2030 (against a 2020 baseline) and encourages 
sustainability among its supply chain. Its roadmap is validated by the "Science Based Targets" initiative. 
Investment and Transaction Strategy 
Residential real estate investment remains attractive due to its fundamental nature and strong demand driven 
by urbanisation, smaller households, and limited supply in prime locations. Heimstaden Bostad invests in 
affordable and mid-market housing in European markets with favourable macroeconomic and residential 
trends, balancing regulated and unregulated assets for stable, attractive income streams. The Group aims to 
build sizeable platforms in existing and new markets to unlock operational efficiencies but only pursues 
growth responsibly. It primarily acquires existing residential assets, although carefully selected new-build 
projects may also be considered via forward purchase or forward funding agreements, with a strict cap that 
new-build investments do not exceed 10% of the overall property portfolio’s fair value. 
Acquisitions 
Heimstaden Bostad evaluates opportunities for residential acquisitions aligned with its business strategy. 
Future purchases may be funded through cash, shareholder equity, and debt financing. Heimstaden Bostad 
is also exploring investments beyond its current markets but faces competitive bidding and no guarantee of 
successful acquisitions. All transactions undergo due diligence and may not proceed. Growth through 
transaction strategy depends on securing financing at commercially viable rates while maintaining financial 
compliance. 
Divestments and Unit-by-Unit Privatisation  
Heimstaden Bostad has in general a long-term horizon when acquiring properties. However, optimisation 
of the property portfolio could lead to divestments of core assets or portfolios from time to time – both to 
strengthen the financial position and enhance operational efficiency of the Group.

--- Page 115 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 105 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Factors such as housing shortages, rising ownership costs and a decrease in new developments, not only 
support demand for rentals but also underpin the private ownership market. Historically high private 
ownership prices have been observed in several of the markets that Heimstaden Bostad operates in, which 
aligns with the privatisation strategy launched by Heimstaden Bostad in 2023. Unit-by-unit sales of 
properties, while more complex than divesting entire buildings, have demonstrated significant value and 
are an important instrument to support deleveraging the Group. 
Funding Strategy 
Owning, managing, and developing residential real estate requires stable and favourable access to capital. 
Heimstaden Bostad follows conservative financial policies that support its long-term strategy and aims to 
maintain a diversified financing structure with a robust balance sheet and strong credit metrics. The Group’s 
operations are funded using a combination of shareholders’ equity, interest-bearing liabilities, hybrid capital 
and operating cash flow. Heimstaden Bostad uses a balanced approach towards the different funding 
sources to align risk, cost, and financial stability with the Group’s strategic objectives. 
Property and Asset Management Strategy 
Heimstaden Bostad maintains a long-term outlook, focusing on yield-optimised renovations and selecting 
high-quality, durable materials to safeguard returns. Rising and persistently high interest rates have led to 
stricter yield thresholds for new investments, prioritising projects with immediate positive impacts on 
financial metrics. High-quality data is an essential part of maintaining transparency within the Group; 
improved reporting and digital dashboards aid in providing this and drive performance insights. 
Environment, Social and Governance ("ESG") strategy 
Sustainability is a core strategic pillar integrated in the Group's operations. Heimstaden Bostad's sustainable 
mindset goes beyond creating sustainable homes and neighbourhoods, by also addressing society's 
challenges like climate change, segregation, and housing shortages. 
Heimstaden Bostad's sustainability strategy includes environmental, social and governance measures, and 
guides the Group in the daily sustainability work, caring and creating value for people – customers, 
employees, and society in general. 
Environment and Sustainability Targets 
Heimstaden Bostad has set sustainability targets and intends to invest more than SEK 7 billion to reduce 
the Group's greenhouse gas emissions by at least 42% by 2030. The sustainability targets were validated 
by the Science Based Targets initiative ("SBTi") during the fourth quarter of 2022. This target is in line 
with the 2015 Paris Agreement ambition to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius, as well as the EU 
target of climate neutrality by 2050.  
Heimstaden Bostad commits to reduce absolute scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions covering downstream 
leased assets 42% by 2030 from a 2020 base year4. Heimstaden Bostad also commits that 27% of its 
suppliers by spend covering purchased goods and services, will have science-based targets by 2027.  
In addition, the following targets are in place: 
• 
Reduce the amount of purchased energy by, on average, 2% per year and square metre by 2025 (like 
for like basis, 2019 baseline) 
• 
Include renewable energy generation in all newbuilds  
• 
At least 1% reduced water consumption per sqm and year until 2030 (like-for-like, baseline 2019) 
 
4  
The target boundary includes biogenic land-related emissions and removals from bioenergy feedstocks.

--- Page 116 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 106 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Ecosystem services shall be evaluated for all new builds and major projects. At least the same amount 
of ecosystem services, or more, must be recreated 
Heimstaden Bostad focuses on five areas of sustainability improvements to reach its climate targets: 
1. 
Origin-certified renewable electricity (of which there are three sub-components) 
• 
Ensure origin-certified renewable electricity for all properties 
• 
Include renewable energy production in all newbuilds 
• 
Substantially increase renewable energy production capacity on-site for existing 
properties  
2. 
Fuel shifts (of which there are two sub-components) 
• 
Local heating and energy production (for example, changing coal boilers in apartments to 
efficient central gas boilers) 
• 
Install heat pumps or electric boilers with origin-certified renewable electricity rather than 
fossil-based heating (for example, disconnecting from district heating which has a higher 
proportion of fossil fuels) 
3. 
Energy provider improvements (of which there is one sub-component) 
• 
Actively engage energy providers to reduce their use of fossil fuels 
4. 
Energy efficiency improvements (of which there are two sub-components) 
• 
Insulation, ventilation improvements 
• 
Smart control systems & optimisation of heating systems 
5. 
Tenant energy reduction (of which there are three sub-components) 
• 
Customer engagement programme 
• 
Nudging projects (for example, offer cost attractive renewable energy contracts in 
cooperation with energy suppliers, supplier engagement programmes including tips on 
energy saving and water saving measures) 
• 
Create awareness through smart technical solutions 
Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
Heimstaden Bostad's Green and Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework is available on the website of 
the Issuer at:  
https://www.heimstadenbostad.com/investors/debt-information/Green-Bond-Framework/default.aspx.  
It contains: (a) an updated form of the Green Bond Framework, for more information please see the "Use 
of Proceeds" section; and (b) the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework ("Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework"). 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Green Bond Framework, the Sustainability-Linked Financing 
Framework, the Second Party Opinion, or any other certification, report or opinion relating to the Green 
Bond Framework, the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework or Notes issued as Green Bonds or 
Sustainability-Linked Bonds are, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 117 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 107 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework 
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework has been developed to be aligned with the 
recommendations of ICMA's Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles ("SLBP") published in June 2020 and 
the LMA/APLMA/LSTA's Sustainability Linked Loan Principles ("SLLP") published in March 2022.  
The Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework contains the following five core components as 
recommended by ICMA's SLBP: 
1. 
Selection of Key Performance Indicators ("KPIs") 
2. 
Calibration of the Sustainability Performance Target ("SPT") 
3. 
Financial characteristics 
4. 
Reporting 
5. 
Verification 
Key Performance Indicator 
Heimstaden Bostad has chosen absolute scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions covering downstream leased 
assets (category 13) as the KPI for its sustainability-linked financing.  
Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions have been identified by reference to the GHG Protocol (see "The 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol, A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition)" published 
by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the World Resources Instituted, as 
amended from time to time, for more information) and data is to be collected and reported applying the 
financial control approach. For the purpose of the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework: 
• 
Scope 1: refers to direct GHG emissions occurring from sources that are owned or controlled by the 
company. Heimstaden Bostad's scope 1 emissions derive from fuel combustion where Heimstaden 
Bostad has contracted the energy supplier for property heating and from fuel used in company-
owned vehicles and vehicles with a financial lease. 
• 
Scope 2: refers to indirect GHG emissions from the generation of purchased electricity consumed 
by the company. Heimstaden Bostad's scope 2 emissions derive from district heating, district cooling 
and electricity in properties, where Heimstaden Bostad is on the energy contract.  
• 
Scope 3: refers to other indirect emissions that are a consequence of the activities of the company. 
Heimstaden Bostad's scope 3 emissions cover downstream leased assets (category 13). 
Historical performance of the Key Performance Indicator 
The following table sets out the scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions of the Group for the years ending 31 
December 2020 and 2024:  
 
For the year ended 31 
December 
 
2020*  
(Base Year) 
2024 
 
(Tonnes of CO2 equivalent 
emitted) 
Scope 1 ...................................................................................................................................... 
29,034 
20,485 
Scope 2 (market) ....................................................................................................................... 
171,157 
133,014 
Scope 3 (downstream assets) ..................................................................................................... 
124,069 
120,415 
Total ......................................................................................................................................... 
324,260 
273,914 
 
 
Note: 
*  
Base year 2020 figures recalculated based on the financial year ended 31 December 2024 
For the purpose of the sustainability-linked financing, 2020 is taken as the base year. For each acquisition 
and divestment, Heimstaden Bostad’s total GHG emissions may change significantly. The baseline, 2020, 
and the latest 2024 figures have been recalculated to reflect recent years’ significant changes to the portfolio

--- Page 118 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 108 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
of buildings. However, other recent years have not been recalculated and are therefore not comparable to 
the baseline. 
The majority of the Group's scope 1 and 2 emissions are generated by energy usage in properties, while one 
of highest scope 3 emissions mostly come from the energy consumption purchased by tenants (category 
13). 
Sustainability Performance Target 
Heimstaden Bostad's SPT is to reduce the total Group scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions covering 
downstream leased assets by 42% by 2030 compared to the 2020 baseline (as may be recalculated from 
time to time). The target has been validated and approved by the SBTi.  
For the year ended 31 December 2020 (as recalculated based on the financial year ended 31 December 
2024), a total of 324,260 tonnes of CO2 equivalent were emitted; as at the date hereof this represents the 
2020 baseline. Recalculations are conducted in accordance with Heimstaden Bostad’s Recalculation 
Principles (as referred to in the Sustainability-Linked Financing Framework) and will be reported in the 
relevant annual report or on Heimstaden Bostad’s website. 
Social 
A Home for a Home 
A Home for a Home is a unique partnership with SOS Children's Villages. Since its inception in July 2021, 
Heimstaden has contributed over EUR 35 million towards improving the lives of the most vulnerable 
children. By setting a new standard for non-profit organisation/corporate collaboration, Heimstaden finds 
new ways of making a difference and contributing beyond the donation. Heimstaden has supported almost 
100,000 children through 54 programmes in 26 countries, both locally in the countries it operates in and 
across the world. 
Inclusive Housing 
Heimstaden Bostad has a Group-wide target to provide 5,000 inclusive housing contracts by 2026. Inclusive 
housing contracts include social contracts and affordable housing contracts. Social contracts are defined as 
lease contracts under which local authorities or non-governmental organisations lease apartments from 
Heimstaden Bostad to rent them, in turn, to vulnerable people, for example homeless people, recently 
arrived migrants, people with various disabilities, etc. Affordable housing contracts are defined as lease 
contracts where local authorities have regulated a maximum rent level and a maximum tenant income level. 
Heimstaden Bostad actively works with inclusive housing contracts across various geographies to promote 
inclusion. In some regions, Heimstaden Bostad has hired "Community Coordinators" with a mandate to 
deal with matters of a social nature in its neighbourhoods, take part in meetings and dialogues with local 
authorities, emergency services and other property owners in order to create safe and secure living 
environments. 
Governance 
Heimstaden continuously implements changes to its corporate infrastructure and governance model to 
improve corporate governance, risk management and compliance. Both Heimstaden Bostad and 
Heimstaden apply the Swedish Corporate Governance Code ("Swedish Code"), which establishes a clear 
and well-balanced division of roles and responsibilities between owners, the board of directors, and the 
executive management team. 
The Swedish Code establishes strong practices of transparency and equity into the governance framework. 
Heimstaden has embraced these foundations and implemented them into the governance model and 
governance procedures through its Audit & GRC ("Governance, Risk and Compliance") Committee and 
the risk-based key policy framework

--- Page 119 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 109 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Establishment of Executive Sustainability Committee 
The Chief Asset Management & Sustainability Officer is chairing the committee and is responsible for 
developing the sustainability strategy and ensuring implementation in all areas within the Company. The 
committee decides on the following matters in the corporate sustainability area in order to promote 
Heimstaden Bostad's best interests: 
• 
Matters that are to be presented to the board of directors 
• 
Matters of major importance or of importance as to principles 
• 
Matters of common concern to several departments 
• 
Sustainability-related policies and position statements 
• 
KPIs and targets for Heimstaden Bostad 
Overview of Heimstaden Bostad’s ESG targets 
The overview below describes Heimstaden Bostad's ESG targets: 
Focus 
Current target 
Sustainable 
Operations 
Reduce absolute scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG emissions covering downstream leased assets 42% by 2030 from a 
2020 base year (2020 base year)1 
Reduce the amount of purchased energy by, on average, 2% per sqm per year till 2025 (like for like basis, 
2019 baseline)2 
At least 1% reduced water consumption per sqm and year until 2030 (like-for-like, baseline 2019) 
Sustainable R&M 
and New 
Construction 
Ecosystem services shall be evaluated for all new builds and major projects3, at least the same amount of 
ecosystem services, or more, must be recreated  
Include renewable energy generation in all newbuilds4 
Friendly 
Workplace 
Employee survey: Top 25th percentile in Engagement score. Diversity & Inclusion score, and Health & 
Wellbeing score5 
<5% sick leave5'6 
0% work related injuries5 
Gender equality in Group Management Team (50%-50%)s 
Friendly Homes 
Annual customer survey: Total service: 80%, Take Customer Seriously: 86%, Security: 80 % (0-100%) by 
2026 
Friendly Society 
5,000 inclusive housing contracts by 2026 (Social contracts and Affordable housing) 
240 inclusive jobs by 2026 (far from labour market and young adults <25 years old) 
Leadership & 
Supervision 
100% of employees have signed the Code of Conduct for Employees and have completed training by 2023 
100% of contractors and suppliers have signed the Business Partner Principles 
Require that suppliers covering 27 % of our spend should set science-based targets by 20277 
Fair, Transparent 
& Trustworthy 
No incidents of confirmed discrimination 
No incidents of confirmed corruption 
1) Downstream leased assets cover energy purchased by tenants. The target boundary includes biogenic land related emissions and 
removals from bioenergy feedstocks. 2) Degree-day corrected value. 3) When Heimstaden Bostad builds on new land. 4) Where 
applicable. 5) Long-term target. 6) Includes both short and long-term sickness. 7) Approximately 15 big suppliers account for 27% 
of Heimstaden Bostad's spend and are covered by this target.  
Property Portfolio 
The Group's property portfolio is diversified across European markets with strong economies and 
favourable demographics. The portfolio is exposed to both regulated and unregulated rental markets, which

--- Page 120 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 110 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
provides Heimstaden Bostad with generally stable cash flows as well as potential upside from positive 
market developments. 
2024 
As at 31 December 2024: 
• 
Heimstaden Bostad was present in Sweden, Germany, Denmark, the Netherlands, Czechia, 
Norway, Finland, the UK and Poland.  
• 
Fair value of investment properties was SEK 333,728 million, split between SEK 91,565 million 
in Sweden, SEK 81,925 million in Germany, SEK 71,301 million in Denmark, SEK 30,256 million 
in the Netherlands, SEK 28,406 million in Czechia, SEK 16,377 million in Norway, SEK 5,344 
million in the UK, SEK 4,701 million in Poland and SEK 3,852 million in Finland. 
• 
Fair value of investment property portfolio comprised SEK 307,347 million in residential value. 
2023 
As at 31 December 2023: 
• 
Heimstaden Bostad was present in Sweden, Germany, Denmark, the Netherlands, Czechia, 
Norway, Finland, the UK and Poland. 
• 
Fair value of investment properties was SEK 319,491 million, split between SEK 89,262 million 
in Sweden, SEK 79,404 million in Germany, SEK 71,446 million in Denmark, SEK 27,337 million 
in the Netherlands, SEK 25,185 million in Czechia, SEK 17,109 million in Norway, SEK 4,305 
million in the UK, SEK 3,627 million in Finland and SEK 1,815 million in Poland. 
• 
Fair value of investment property portfolio comprised SEK 290,494 million in residential value. 
Investment Property Portfolio 
See page 11 of the 2024 Annual Report for a breakdown of the Group's property portfolio as at 31 December 
2024.  See also the sections "Annual Review - Investment Properties" in the 2024 Annual Report for further 
details of the Group's investment portfolio and presentation of the changes in fair value and average yield 
requirements by country as at 31 December 2024 and "Annual Review – Market Update" in the 2024 Annual 
Report for a review of the portfolio performance by country quarterly and for the year 2024.   
Valuation of Investment Properties 
Heimstaden Bostad's investment properties in Denmark, Sweden, Poland, the Netherlands, Germany, 
Czechia, Finland, and the UK are valued by external valuers on a quarterly basis, with the last valuation 
taking place as at 31 December 2024. For all these valuations the Group instructs a real estate advisory 
company with professional qualifications, experience and the capacity to carry out the valuation in 
accordance with the required international standards. 
Heimstaden Bostad's investment properties in Norway, are valued by external valuers on an annual basis 
for the residential part of the portfolio and on a quarterly basis for the commercial, parking and development 
potential part of the portfolio, with the last annual valuation taking place as at 31 December 2024. 
In addition, Heimstaden Bostad uses a dedicated competent in-house valuation team provided by 
Heimstaden ensuring quality control of all external valuations and setting up standardised structures and 
processes across markets. 
The adopted valuation methodologies are based on best market practice in each respective country. In 
general, valuations are based on a "highest-and-best-use" principle, adopting the highest value given by a 
re-letting scenario (assuming a re-letting of units at market terms upon tenant churn) and a divestment 
scenario (assuming a sale of each unit upon tenant churn).

--- Page 121 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 111 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
In most markets, properties are valued using either an explicit income approach, discounted cash flow, or 
implicit income approach. 
When using an explicit income approach, future cash flows are projected for a certain period, usually 10 
years, with an assumed sale/exit of either: 1) part of the property (individual units) during the cashflow 
period and the remainder at the end of the cashflow period; or 2) the whole property at the end of the cash 
flow period. The projected cash flows are then discounted back to a present value using an appropriate 
discount rate. The inputs into the projected cash flows and the discount rate take into consideration the 
characteristics, market position and risk profile of the property and, where possible, are informed by market 
data. The resulting value is benchmarked with capital values on other similar transactions in the market. 
When using an implicit income approach an estimate of market net operating income is made, and this is 
then capitalised using an appropriate yield to arrive at a value. The market net operating income and yield 
take into consideration the characteristics, market position and risk profile of the property and, where 
possible, are informed by market data. The resulting value is benchmarked with capital values on other 
similar transactions in the market. In addition, further valuation checks are performed including a 
comparison with an explicit income approach value, and the aggregate sales value of the individual units 
on the special assumption of vacant possession (break-up/sum-of-all-parts value). 
In Norway, the residential units are valued individually on a vacant possession value basis using a sales 
comparison approach. The units are compared to market transaction data of similar units taking into 
consideration the key attributes of each unit. Values are assigned to each unit by Aktiv Eiendomsmegling, 
Nyverdi AS, Eie Eiendomsmegling and Heimstaden AB. The average of those four values is then adopted. 
The commercial units, parking units and development potential are valued each quarter by Cushman & 
Wakefield. 
Valuation of Development Properties 
The fair value of Heimstaden Bostad's development properties comprises the market value on the special 
assumption the proposed development works have been completed and occupancy is stabilised, which is 
provided by an external valuer, and deductions are made for remaining development costs, construction 
risk, investor profit and other project specific adjustments, which are calculated internally. 
In order to determine the market value on the special assumption the proposed development works have 
been completed and occupancy is stabilised the external valuers generally adopt a similar valuation 
methodology as they do for the investment properties. 
Tenants 
The Group has a diversified tenant group. The Group’s properties are mainly for non-commercial use and 
most of the commercial tenants are businesses (such as restaurants, offices and related) located on the 
ground floor of residential buildings. The Group's ten largest tenants account for less than 1% of the Group's 
total rental income. 
Lease Activities 
Denmark 
In regulated municipalities (which constitute 80 out of 98 Danish municipalities), properties built before 
31 December 1991 have cost-regulated rent and determined by the operating costs and an allowed return 
based on an old public valuation. Moreover, the rent can be increased by a government determined yield 
for actual improvements. If units are extensively refurbished (by investing approximately 2,497 DKK/m2 
or a total of approximately DKK 295,515 in improvement and the landlord improve the property’s energy 
label by minimum two steps or up to label C) the rent can be increased to the utility value. The rent for 
cost-regulated residential units will increase according to the increase in the operating costs while the rent 
for modernised units is increased annually by the CPI (with an absolute rent level cap at the utility value). 
In unregulated municipalities (which constitute the remaining 18 Danish municipalities), rents on properties 
built before 31 December 1991 are set by utility rent.

--- Page 122 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 112 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
In both regulated and unregulated municipalities, the rents on small houses (per 1 January 1995) and 
properties where more than 80% of area is commercial per 1 January 1980 are set by utility rent. 
In both regulated and unregulated municipalities, properties built after 31 December 1991 fall under a 
regime with market-based rents, which are increased annually by the CPI. Also converted commercial 
apartments (per 1/1 1992), attic apartments (aper 1/9 2002) and newly added floors are unregulated by 
default (per 1/7 2004). 
Residential contracts run without a fixed maturity and tenants are responsible for the cost of utilities. 
In 2022, the Danish Government introduced legislation restricting rent increases to a maximum of 4% 
during 2022 and 2023. The rent cap has not been renewed for 2024. 
Sweden 
Generally, in Sweden the rent of each apartment is negotiated between the property owner and the Swedish 
Union of Tenants on an annual basis based on the Swedish rental system of utility value. 
The utility value principle implies that apartments in the same micro location with the same characteristics 
such as standard, size, appliances and certain property specific characteristics such as quality of common 
areas shall have the same rent. 
Since 2006, for new developments, there is an option to deviate from the utility value principle and to 
charge "presumtionshyra" for the first 15 years, during which rental increases are limited to 50% of general 
indexation. Thereafter, the rent should be negotiated into the general utility value system. This is a 
negotiated rent between the property owner and the Swedish Union of Tenants but taking the construction 
costs into account which allows for rent levels above the general utility value. 
In recent years it has also become more common for landlords to negotiate rents directly with the tenants 
("egensatt hyra"), especially in new builds where it is not possible to come to an agreement with the 
Swedish Union of Tenants. Typically, this rent is adjusted yearly, either through a notification to the tenants 
or a pre-defined level. Upon churn, the rent can be reset. As this is outside of the regulated system, it comes 
with an increased risk of rents being successfully challenged by the tenants. 
Residential contracts run without a fixed maturity. 
The Netherlands 
In the Netherlands all rental properties fall under the housing evaluation system (Dutch: 
Woningwaarderingsstelsel or shorthand "WWS"), which determines if a unit is classified as "liberalised" 
(free market rent) or "regulated" (rent control). Since July 2024 the regulated segment is broken down into 
two sub-segments, social and mid-market rent, each with its own treatment under the WWS. 
Whether a unit is classified as liberalised or regulated depends on the number of WWS points the unit has 
scored. Each unit gets points based on various objective factors such as size, energy label, public valuation, 
appliances and other fit-out standard.  
The number of WWS points determines the maximum amount of rent that can be charged. If a unit has 
more points than the liberalisation threshold (currently 187 WWS points), it is classified as a liberalised 
unit, meaning the landlord can let out the unit at open market rents. If a unit has the same or less points than 
the liberalisation threshold the maximum rent is pre-determined by the points system.   
Regulated social contracts can be indexed with a percentage determined by the Dutch government, which 
has in the past been in-line with CPI. Regulated mid-rent contracts can be indexed with an indexation rate 
equal to the wage index number (i.e. the wage growth under collective labour agreements) with a mark-up 
of 1.0 percentage point, while liberalised contracts can be indexed with a cap at the lower of CPI and Wage 
growth with a mark-up of 1.0 percentage point. In the Netherlands, a customary rent increase clause in a 
residential rental agreement is CPI plus (at most) 5% but for the three year period from 1 May 2021 to 1 
May 2024, the Dutch government capped the increase in line with the above mentioned caps, which period 
has subsequently been extended until 2029.

--- Page 123 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 113 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Norway 
Norway has free market rent. 
The market practice in Norway comprises residential contracts with a three-year lease duration, where the 
contracts can be renewed at market rent after three years. 
In 2021, Heimstaden Bostad implemented open-ended contracts as a standard. The objective is to enable 
its customers to plan long-term when renting a Heimstaden Bostad home, lower the churn in the portfolio 
and contribute to a more predictable and stable rental market. 
Germany 
Germany first introduced a rent regulation system, the so-called "rental break" in 2015. Though initially set 
to expire after five years, the law has been prolonged until the end of 2025. A further prolongation beyond 
2025 appears likely as upwards pressure on rents has not subsided since the introduction of the law. 
As a federal law, the "rental break" has nationwide applicability. However, it is up to the 16 state 
governments to decide which municipalities the law is triggered for. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
it is in force in most of the larger German cities of 200,000 inhabitants upwards, including Heimstaden 
Bostad’s two largest submarkets, Berlin and Hamburg. 
Similar to Sweden and Denmark, re-letting rents are anchored to different attributes, such as the year of 
construction, standard, equipment, and location. Most municipalities publish a biennial rental survey with 
a lookback period of six years to create transparency around this process and to slow the pace of rent 
inflation. 
The "rental break" allows for two important exceptions: 
• 
Buildings completed after October 2014 are generally exempt; and  
• 
The first re-letting upon extensive refurbishment (structural refurb. costs to be at approximately one-
third of new build costs or EUR 850 per square metre) is exempt 
In general, residential contracts must have an indefinite lease term. CPI-indexation during the lease-term is 
not the norm but can be contractually agreed upon. If no indexation clause has been agreed, rents in ongoing 
tenancies can only be increased up to the locally prevailing comparative level of rent (ortsübliche 
Vergleichsmiete). For most cities, this effectively means that increases are limited to the level published in 
the above-mentioned rental survey. 
Czechia 
In Czechia, the rent regulation system in most municipalities ended on 31 December 2010. The market has 
been fully liberalised, and landlords have contractual freedom to negotiate with tenants on the length of 
tenancy and rental rate. 
The new civil code in 2014 contained rules for rent increases driven by market trends in case no rental uplift 
is agreed in the contract (in such cases the rent increase cannot exceed 20% over three consecutive years). 
Market rent increases (done annually on the anniversary of each lease) are based on pricing developments 
in the market of the relevant location. 
There were legacy tenancy agreements signed prior to deregulation (before 2010) that had indefinite terms. 
In such cases, either the landlord and the tenant agreed on a new rental rate, or the court sets a rental rate 
based on a location benchmark. 
Most tenants are generally required to provide a deposit amounting to 1 month rent plus services related to 
the apartment.

--- Page 124 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 114 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Finland 
In Finland, rental properties are either "liberalised" (free market rent) or "ARA regulated" (rent control). A 
unit is classified as "ARA regulated" if it is part of an asset which was built using state subsidies and/or 
loans guaranteed by the state. A unit remains "ARA regulated" until the loan is repaid and/or when the 
regulation expires (typically between 10 to 40 years). All other units are non-regulated and there are no 
restrictions on rent level or lease term. Leases are typically CPI-linked. Heimstaden Bostad currently targets 
and owns only liberalised units 
United Kingdom 
The most common form of lease for private, non-owner-occupied residential properties in the UK is an 
Assured Shorthold Tenancy ("AST"). The term of such a lease is typically 12 months and can only be 
otherwise terminated by either mutual agreement between tenant and landlord or tenant breach of contract. 
Assuming both parties seek to renew the lease upon expiry, the rent level and contract length will be subject 
to negotiation. Rents are therefore generally reassessed on an annual basis. Deposits of between one and 
three-months’ rent are normally required. 
The two most common rental regimes within AST leases are Open Market Rent ("OMR") and Discounted 
Market Rent ("DMR"). The OMR segment, which comprises a vast majority of the sector, is entirely free 
market while the DMR segment is focused, specifically on affordability. 
DMR units typically must be offered to people earning below a certain income threshold and at a percentage 
discount to OMR rents. 
In September 2022, the Scottish government put a temporary cap on rent increases during tenancies. The 
cap was set at 0% and expired on 31 March 2024. The Scottish government has brought forward a legislative 
proposal to permanently limit rent-increases both for sitting tenants and at churn to CPI+1% capped at 6% 
in "tense housing markets". It can be expected that this would apply to the major agglomerations within 
Scotland, such as Edinburgh and Glasgow. 
As the Scottish government currently does not have a majority in the Scottish parliament and as various 
changes (including a general exemption for professionally managed built-to-rent stock) to the proposed 
legislation remain under discussion, the exact scope and extent of this proposal is currently unknown. 
Poland 
Poland has free market rent. Standard lease contracts are 12 months long and can be renewed at expiry 
subject to negotiation between landlord and tenant. 
Heimstaden Bostad’s first dwellings were offered for rent in the market in August 2022. Heimstaden leases 
contracts in standard are 12 months long and include provisions for an extension option, rents for new lease 
agreement are subject to negotiation so could be rented at market level. 
Economic and Real economic occupancy, residential 
The table below shows the Group’s real economic and economic occupancy, expressed as a percentage, for 
the period between the three months ending 31 December 2023 and the three months ending 31 December 
2024. 
Country 
Real economic occupancy, residential 
 
Q4’23 
Q1’24 
Q2’24 
Q3’24 
Q4’24 
Sweden ............... 
99.0 
98.9 
98.9 
99.2 
99.5 
Germany ............. 
99.7 
99.7 
99.7 
99.8 
99.7 
Denmark ............. 
97.4 
97.6 
97.9 
98.8 
98.9 
Netherlands ........ 
99.7 
99.7 
99.8 
99.6 
99.6 
Czechia............... 
97.0 
95.7 
96.2 
96.6 
96.7 
Norway............... 
99.6 
99.0 
98.9 
99.3 
98.8

--- Page 125 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 115 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
UK...................... 
94.7 
97.9 
97.7 
96.8 
78.1 
Poland ................ 
98.0 
96.1 
86.0 
89.9 
96.1 
Finland ............... 
95.5 
93.7 
93.3 
96.3 
96.6 
Total (%) ........... 
98.4 
98.3 
98.3 
98.7 
98.6 
Outstanding commitments  
Heimstaden Bostad expands and improves its portfolio through acquisitions of standing assets and 
newbuilds. As at 31 December 2024, the pipeline of outstanding commitments consisted of both standing 
assets and newbuilds, totalling SEK  945 million and 1,145 residential units. Newbuild investments are 
structured either as forward purchase or forward funding. 
Heimstaden Bostad had forward funding contracts with a total committed future capital expenditure of SEK 
514 million as at 31 December 2024. 
Signed acquisitions have not yet closed and are subject to conditions precedent, for example, developers 
meeting development targets. Therefore, such commitments are not guaranteed to complete on schedule or 
at all if conditions precedent are not met. 
See the section "Annual Review – Outstanding Commitments" in the 2024 Annual Report for a presentation 
of the outstanding commitments by the Group by scheduled closing date in SEK million as at 31 December 
2024. 
Portfolio Growth and Optimisation 
For further information on portfolio growth and optimisation please refer to page 19 in the 2024 Annual 
Report. 
Acquisitions 
Heimstaden Bostad looks for opportunities for potential acquisitions of residential properties and portfolios 
that fit with its existing business activities from time to time. Such acquisitions may in the future be 
purchased using a combination of available cash, equity injections from shareholders and future debt 
financing. Heimstaden Bostad is also considering viable investment opportunities in countries outside of 
its current portfolio and may in the future place bids to acquire properties and portfolios that fit with its 
existing business activities. Such bids are typically competitive in nature and there can be no assurance that 
Heimstaden Bostad's bids will be accepted, or that acquisitions will be available at a price that is attractive 
to Heimstaden Bostad. Furthermore, any bids or acquisitions are the subject of due diligence and may not 
be completed on time or at all. In order to continue to grow through acquisitions Heimstaden Bostad will 
need to fund its activities through a combination of equity injections and debt raising. The ability of 
Heimstaden Bostad to complete any acquisitions will therefore be dependent on the ability to attract and 
raise additional finance at commercially attractive rates, that maintain compliance with Heimstaden 
Bostad's financial covenants. 
Divestments 
Heimstaden Bostad has in general a long-term horizon when acquiring properties, however, optimisation 
of the property portfolio could lead to divestments of non-core assets or portfolios from time to time. 
Capital expenditure, repair and maintenance  
Heimstaden Bostad invests in refurbishments and the construction of new investment properties. See the 
section "Annual Review - Capital Expenditures and Repair & Maintenance" in the 2024 Annual Report for 
a breakdown of capital expenditure, repair and maintenance for the year ending 31 December 2023 and the 
year ending 31 December 2024.

--- Page 126 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 116 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures 
Allianz and Heimstaden Bostad joint ventures 
In January 2022, Heimstaden Bostad and Allianz formed a Swedish joint venture, which at the time of 
inception had a property portfolio value of SEK 30.4 billion, comprising 9,309 regulated-rent residential 
units in Malmö and Stockholm. The partnership includes a commitment of SEK 1.2 billion for energy-
efficiency measures aligned with the Paris Agreement. In November 2022, Heimstaden Bostad and Allianz 
expanded their collaboration with an additional equity injection and by forming a new German joint venture 
containing 3,135 homes in major cities. The German joint venture is funded by a combination of equity and 
external debt and adopts Heimstaden Bostad’s sustainability programme. Both ventures aim to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions through significant ESG investments. 
Other Investments 
Heimstaden Bostad is the largest shareholder of Kojamo Oyj, owning just below 20% of the outstanding 
shares and having a seat in the nomination committee. Based on an assessment of significant influence, 
Kojamo Oyj is classified as an associated company since 30 September 2022. 
Finance and Capital Structure 
Funding  
See the section "Annual Review – Funding" in the 2024 Annual Report for an overview of the Group's 
funding distribution and note 6.3 (Interest-bearing liabilities) of the financial statements in the 2024 Annual 
Report for an overview of the Group's funding maturity profile as at 31 December 2024.  
The table below shows the Group's unencumbered properties ratio (value of unencumbered properties as a 
proportion of total property value), expressed as a percentage, by country as at 31 December 2024. 
Country 
Unencumbered properties 
ratio 
 
(%) 
Czechia........................................................................................................................................ 
0.2 
Denmark ...................................................................................................................................... 
1.8 
Finland ........................................................................................................................................ 
100 
Germany ...................................................................................................................................... 
1.8 
Netherlands ................................................................................................................................. 
0 
Norway........................................................................................................................................ 
81.7 
Sweden ........................................................................................................................................ 
43.4 
UK............................................................................................................................................... 
37.7 
Poland ......................................................................................................................................... 
69.6 
Total ........................................................................................................................................... 
19.6 
Board of Directors, Management and Auditors 
See the section "Corporate Governance - Board of Directors" in the 2024 Annual Report for a description 
and brief biographies of the Board of Directors. The business address of the board of directors of 
Heimstaden Bostad is Östra Promenaden 7A, SE-211 28 Malmö, Sweden. 
Senior Management 
As per the Group Management Agreement (as further outlined in the section named "Group management 
agreement of Heimstaden Bostad"), Heimstaden Bostad has no direct contracts with senior management. 
Senior management is employed by Heimstaden AB. Brief biographies of the senior management team as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, are set out below. 
Helge Krogsbøl, Co-Chief Executive Officer 
Mr Krogsbøl has extensive experience in executive positions as SVP in Pandox AB, GM at Benelux Thon 
Hotels, MP Room2Room and as CEO at First Hotels.

--- Page 127 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 117 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Christian Fladeland, Co-Chief Executive Officer 
Mr Fladeland has extensive experience within real estate investment management from his position as 
Partner at Colliers International Denmark. 
Thomas Alexander Hansen, Chief Financial Officer 
Mr Hansen has extensive experience from previous positions within finance, international tax, and 
commercial operations in Scatec ASA, Circle K Europe and as a Senior Manager at KPMG. 
Eva Møland Tørsleff, Chief Legal Officer  
Mrs Tørsleff has experience in Nordic real estate and is admitted to the Danish High Courts and the 
Commercial High Court. She has previously held the position of Head of Legal at Nordstern and also carries 
experience from renowned Danish law firms such as Plesner and Accura 
Paul Spina, Chief Asset Management & Development Officer 
Mr Spina brings years of experience from international real estate from WeWork as the position of Head 
of Project Delivery EMEA. Previous experience from both consulting and contracting. 
Nikolaj Degn Brammer, Chief Commercial Officer 
Mr Brammer leads the Business Development team and has a background in corporate transformation, 
private equity, and strategy from Bain and Company, Goldman Sachs, and Maersk. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Other than as set out below, to Heimstaden Bostad's knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest 
between any duties owed to Heimstaden Bostad by members of the board of directors or the management 
of Heimstaden Bostad and their private interests and/or other duties. There are no family ties or similar 
between any members of the board of directors and the senior management. Apart from the Heimstaden 
Bostad SHA, which provides the rights to nominate members of the board of directors, there are no 
agreements between Heimstaden Bostad and major shareholders, customers, suppliers or other parties 
according to which any member is elected to the board of directors or senior management are added as 
senior managers. Although Heimstaden Bostad is not currently aware of any potential conflicts of interest, 
it cannot be excluded that conflicts of interest may come to arise between on the one hand companies in 
which members of the any of the members of the board of directors and/or members of the management 
have duties, and on the other hand Heimstaden Bostad. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
• 
Rebecka Elkert, Daniel Kristiansson and Klas Åkerbäck are employed by one of the shareholders. 
• 
Ivar Tollefsen, John Giverholt, Bente Landsnes and Fredrik Reinfeldt hold positions on the board 
of directors of Heimstaden AB. 
• 
Ivar Tollefsen and John Giverholt hold positions on the board of directors in Heimstaden Bostad's 
parent company, Fredensborg AS and/or affiliates of Fredensborg AS. 
• 
Several members of management participate in a share-based incentive programme offered by 
Heimstaden Bostad's indirect parent company Fredensborg AS, or hold directly or indirectly shares 
in Heimstaden Bostad. 
Auditors

--- Page 128 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 118 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
At Heimstaden Bostad's annual general meeting, held on 4 April 2024, Ernst & Young AB was appointed 
as Heimstaden Bostad's auditor and Jonas Svensson from Ernst & Young AB, an authorised auditor, was 
appointed as the auditor in charge, each to serve until the end of the next annual general meeting. 
Jonas Svensson has been the auditor in charge of Heimstaden Bostad since 2022. Jonas Svensson is member 
of FAR (Föreningen Auktoriserade Revisorer), which is the professional institute for the accountancy 
sector in Sweden. 
Ernst & Young AB's address is Hamngatan 26, SE-111 47 Stockholm, Kingdom of Sweden.  
Employees 
Country management of Heimstaden Bostad's properties and property-owning companies is managed by 
subsidiaries of Heimstaden Bostad. Country management includes (but is not limited to) daily management 
of properties and facilities, local marketing, finance and administrative functions as well as central 
information technology services. Group level employees are employed by Heimstaden AB and its 
subsidiaries, including senior management. Group level functions include (but are not limited to) 
accounting and finance functions, investment and transaction teams, human resource functions, and senior 
executives.

--- Page 129 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 119 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
SELECTED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Heimstaden Bostad applies the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") Guidelines on the 
Alternative Performance Measures (issued on 5 October 2015) (the "ESMA guidelines"). Heimstaden 
Bostad presents certain financial measures that are not defined in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards as adopted in the European Union ("IFRS"). Heimstaden Bostad believes that these 
measures provide valuable additional information to investors and management as they enable assessment 
of the Group's performance. Since not all companies calculate financial measures in the same way, these 
are not always comparable to measurements used by other companies. Accordingly, these financial 
measures should not be considered as a replacement for measures defined in accordance with IFRS. Further 
details are provided below in respect of alternative performance measures used in this Base Prospectus. 
* These specific key performance indicators are operational and are not considered to be key data in 
accordance with the ESMA guidelines. 
Net operating income margin (%) 
Net operating income for the period as a percentage of rental income for the period. This key performance 
indicator shows the profitability of the properties. 
Interest coverage ratio (rolling 12 months) (multiple) 
Adjusted profit before unrealised fair value adjustment divided by Net financial items. Adjusted profit 
before unrealised fair value adjustment means Profit before unrealised fair value adjustment plus 
Transaction costs from business combination and Adjustment for operating result of associated companies 
and joint ventures. Net financial items means Interest expenses less interest income. The interest coverage 
ratio is an industry standard ratio used to determine the extent to which Heimstaden Bostad's interest and 
debt servicing expenses are covered by operating profits. In addition, this ratio provides additional 
transparency on cash flow that is available after servicing debt obligations. 
Interest coverage ratio, (S&P method) (rolling 12 months) (multiple) 
EBITDA (adjusted) divided by Interest Expense (adjusted). EBITDA (adjusted) means profit before 
unrealised fair value adjustment, plus depreciation and amortisation, transaction costs from business 
combination and privatisation cost, adjustment made for prior years, less realised gains/losses from 
divestment of properties. Interest Expense (adjusted) means interest expenses on interest-bearing liabilities, 
capitalised interest, and 50% of the accrued (scheduled) dividend payments in respect of Heimstaden 
Bostad's outstanding hybrid capital as financial costs. The inclusion of 50% of the hybrid dividend 
payments reflects S&P's classification of Heimstaden Bostad's outstanding hybrid capital as being 50% 
debt and 50% equity (rather than the IFRS classification of the same instrument being 100% equity). 
Net loan-to-value ratio (%) 
Net loan-to-value ratio is interest-bearing secured liabilities and interest-bearing unsecured liabilities minus 
cash and cash equivalents as a percentage of fair value of investment properties. Loan-to-value is an 
acknowledged measure of leverage and risk in the real estate industry. This ratio highlights Heimstaden 
Bostad's ability to manage financial liabilities given its fair value real estate portfolio. 
Secured loan-to-value ratio (%) 
Interest-bearing secured liabilities as a percentage of total assets. 
Net interest-bearing liabilities (SEK million) 
Total interest-bearing liabilities less cash and cash equivalents.

--- Page 130 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 120 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Net debt to total assets (%) 
Net interest-bearing liabilities as a percentage of total assets. 
Net debt / Net debt + Equity (S&P method) (%) 
Equity (adjusted) is computed as equity less 50% of the amount of hybrid liabilities. Net interest-bearing 
liabilities adjusted ("Net debt") is computed as the sum of total interest-bearing liabilities plus 50% of 
principal amount of hybrid liabilities and lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents. Net debt / (Net 
debt + Equity) is computed as net debt divided by net debt plus equity (adjusted). This metric is calculated 
according to S&P's rating methodology, with 50% of the principal amount of hybrid bonds classified as 
debt and 50% classified as equity (rather than the IFRS classification of the same instrument being 100% 
equity). 
Equity ratio (%) 
Equity as a percentage of total assets. 
Average interest rate (%)* 
Average interest on the balance sheet date for interest-bearing liabilities with interest rate derivatives taken 
into account. 
The average remaining term of fixed interest in the loan portfolio, including derivatives (years)* 
Average remaining maturity on the interest settlement date of all credits and derivatives in the debt portfolio. 
Average loan tenor (years)* 
Average remaining period until final maturity of all credits in the debt portfolio. 
EBITDA (rolling 12 months) 
Profit before unrealised fair value adjustment plus transaction costs from business combination and 
amortisation and depreciation. 
Debt / EBITDA (rolling 12 months) (multiple) 
Time-weighted interest-bearing liabilities divided by profit before unrealised fair value adjustment plus 
transactions costs from business combination with reversal of amortisation and depreciation. Due to 
seasonality in EBITDA, this key performance indicator is calculated using the last 12 months' rolling data. 
Economic occupancy ratio, residential (%) 
Theoretical rental income from residential units divided by theoretical rental income on residential units 
including estimated rent for vacant apartments. Rent is estimated for a vacant apartment based on the most 
recent contracted rent for such apartment. 
Real economic occupancy ratio, residential (%) 
Theoretical rental income from residential units divided by theoretical rental income including estimated 
rent for vacant apartments adjusted for voluntary vacancies due to standard improvements. Rent is 
estimated for a vacant apartment based on the most recent contracted rent for such apartment. 
Proportion residential fair value on balance sheet date (%)* 
Fair value of residential units as share of total fair value of standing assets of investment properties.

--- Page 131 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 121 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
The table below lists each of the above Key Performance Indicators for Heimstaden Bostad as at and for 
the years ending 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2024. 
Key Performance Indicators 
 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(SEK million unless otherwise 
stated) 
Property-related key data 
 
Net operating income margin (%) .................................................................................  
70.4 
67.4 
Economic occupancy ratio, residential (%) ...................................................................  
96.8 
96.1 
Real economic occupancy ratio, residential (%) ...........................................................  
98.5 
98.2 
Proportion residential fair value on balance sheet date (%) ..........................................  
92.8 
92.7 
Cash generated from operations ....................................................................................  
9,774 
7,483 
 
 
 
Financial key data 
 
 
Interest coverage ratio (rolling 12 months) (multiple) ...................................................  
2.0 
2.0 
Interest coverage ratio, (S&P method) (rolling 12 months) (multiple) ..........................  
1.6 
1.7 
Net loan-to-value ratio (%) ...........................................................................................  
53.8 
56.3 
Secured loan-to-value ratio (%) ....................................................................................  
32.6 
31.8 
Net debt / Net debt + Equity (S&P method) (%) ...........................................................  
56.9 
58.6 
Net debt to total assets (%) ...........................................................................................  
48.4 
49.1 
Equity ratio (%) ............................................................................................................  
42.7 
40.6 
Average interest rate (%) ..............................................................................................  
3.22 
3.36 
The average remaining term of fixed interest in the loan portfolio, including 
derivatives (years)  .......................................................................................................  
3.43 
3.28 
Average loan tenor (years)............................................................................................  
7.9 
8.0 
Debt / EBITDA (rolling 12 month) (multiple) ..............................................................  
15.5 
19.3 
Profit before unrealised fair value adjustments .............................................................  
11,512 
9,293 
 
See the sections "Alternative Performance Measures – Financial Metrics" and "Alternative Performance 
Measures – Operational Metrics" in the 2024 Annual Report for further details.

--- Page 132 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 122 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
TAXATION 
SWEDEN 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposal of Notes. The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is intended to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and does 
thus not address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in 
the Notes and is neither intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. In particular, the 
summary does not address the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. 
Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, for example, investment 
companies and life insurance companies, not described below. In addition, the summary does not address 
Notes that are held on an "investment savings account" (investeringssparkonto) or through a "capital 
insurance" (kapitalförsäkring). Investors should consult their professional tax advisers regarding the 
Swedish and foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of double taxation treaties) of 
acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no and has not had any connection to Sweden other than his/her 
investment in the Notes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden and which does not carry 
out any business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden. 
Payments of any principal amount under a Note or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish 
tax purposes to a non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided 
that such holder does not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which 
the Notes are attributable. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal 
amounts under Notes or interest to a non-resident holder of Notes. 
Notwithstanding the above, a private individual may be liable to pay taxes in Sweden on a limited basis 
even if he/she is not resident in Sweden, providing that he/she has been resident in Sweden or has lived 
permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of, or the ten calendar years preceding, a 
disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the particular 
financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes. This liability may, however, be limited by tax 
treaties between Sweden and other countries. 
Resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in 
Sweden for tax purposes and thereby liable to pay taxes on an unlimited basis, i.e. on all income regardless 
of source, or (b) an entity organized under the laws of Sweden. 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are resident 
holders of any Notes, all income derived from capital assets (for example, income that is considered to be 
interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. 
Amortisation of principal amounts under Notes is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax. Any 
currency exchange gains or losses resulting from amortisations in other currencies than SEK may however 
be taxable or deductible according to the capital tax rules. Swedish tax law does not impose withholding 
tax on payments of principal amounts under Notes or interest. However, if amounts that are considered to 
be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to an individual (or an estate of a deceased person) that is a 
resident holder of Notes, Swedish preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) is normally withheld on such payments 
at a rate of 30%. 
THE NETHERLANDS 
The following summary of certain Dutch taxation matters is based on the laws and practice in force as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application 
thereof, which changes could have retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold

--- Page 133 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 123 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
or dispose of Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of 
investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, the term "entity" means a 
corporation as well as any other person that is taxable as a corporation for Dutch corporate tax purposes. 
For the purpose of the paragraph "Taxes on Income and Capital Gains" below, it is assumed that a holder 
of Notes, being an individual or a non-resident entity, does not have nor will have a substantial interest 
(aanmerkelijk belang), or - in the case of such holder being an entity - a deemed substantial interest, in 
HBT and that a connected person (verbonden persoon) to the holder of a Note neither has nor will have a 
substantial interest in HBT. 
Generally speaking, an individual has a substantial interest in a company if (a) the individual, either alone 
or together with the individual's partner, directly or indirectly has, or is deemed to have, or (b) certain 
relatives of the individual or the individual's partner directly or indirectly have or are deemed to have, (i) 
the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares representing 5% or 
more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of the company or the issued and outstanding capital 
of any class of shares of the company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights over, profit participating 
certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5% or more of either the annual profit or the liquidation proceeds 
of the company. 
Generally speaking, a non-resident entity has a substantial interest in a company if the entity, directly or 
indirectly has (i) the ownership of, a right to acquire the ownership of, or certain rights over, shares 
representing 5% or more of either the total issued and outstanding capital of the company or the issued 
and outstanding capital of any class of shares of the company, or (ii) the ownership of, or certain rights 
over, profit participating certificates (winstbewijzen) that relate to 5% or more of either the annual profit 
or the liquidation proceeds of the company. Generally, a non-resident entity has a deemed substantial 
interest in a company if the entity has disposed of or is deemed to have disposed of all or part of a substantial 
interest on a non-recognition basis. 
Where this summary refers to a holder of Notes, an individual holding Notes or an entity holding Notes, 
such reference is restricted to an individual or entity holding legal title to as well as an economic interest 
in such Notes or otherwise being regarded as owning Notes for Dutch tax purposes. It is noted that for 
purposes of Dutch income, corporate, gift and inheritance tax, assets legally owned by a third party such 
as a trustee, foundation or similar entity, may be treated as assets owned by the (deemed) settlor, grantor 
or similar originator or the beneficiaries in proportion to their interest in such arrangement. 
Where this summary refers to "the Netherlands" or "Dutch" it refers only to the European part of the 
Kingdom of the Netherlands. 
Where this summary refers to Notes, such reference includes Coupons and Talons. 
Investors should consult their professional advisers as to the tax consequences of acquiring, holding and 
disposing of Notes. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments of principal and interest by HBT under the Notes can be made without withholding or 
deduction of any taxes of whatever nature imposed, levied, withheld or assessed by the Netherlands or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, save that: 
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) payments of interest made to an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of HBT if such entity (i) is considered to be resident (gevestigd) in a jurisdiction that is listed in the 
annually updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes 
(Regeling laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has 
a permanent establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled 
to the interest payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation for another person, 
or (iv) is not considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such 
jurisdiction treats another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (a hybrid mismatch), or (v) is 
not treated as resident anywhere (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the 
jurisdiction of residence of a participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse 
hybrid treats the reverse hybrid as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on

--- Page 134 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 124 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) above had the interest been due to the participant directly, all within 
the meaning of the Withholding Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
Taxes on Income and Capital Gains 
Residents 
Resident entities 
An entity holding Notes which is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch corporate tax 
purposes and which is not tax exempt, will generally be subject to Dutch corporate tax in respect of income 
or a capital gain derived from the Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 25.8% in 2025). 
Resident individuals 
An individual holding Notes who is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch income tax 
purposes will generally be subject to Dutch income tax in respect of income or a capital gain derived from 
the Notes at the prevailing statutory rates (up to 49.5% in 2025) if: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise from which the holder derives profits 
(other than as a shareholder); or 
(ii) 
the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous activities (belastbaar resultaat 
uit overige werkzaamheden) as defined in the Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 
2001), including, without limitation, activities that exceed normal, active asset management 
(normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
If neither condition (i) nor (ii) applies, the individual will in principle be subject to Dutch income tax on 
the basis of a deemed return, regardless of any actual income or capital gain derived from the Notes. For 
2025, separate deemed return percentages for savings, debts and investments apply as at the beginning of 
the relevant calendar year. For the category investments (including the Notes) a deemed return percentage 
of 5.88% applies. The applicable percentages will be updated annually on the basis of historic market yields.   
However, based on rulings of the Dutch Supreme Court (Hoge Raad) of 6 June 2024, the current system of 
taxation based on a deemed return is in conflict with European law if the deemed return applicable to the 
relevant investments exceeds the actual return in the respective calendar year. Awaiting new legislation, if 
the individual demonstrates that the actual return – calculated in accordance with the guidelines of the 
Dutch Supreme Court – is lower than the applicable deemed return, the taxable basis should be that lower 
amount.  
The individual's taxable income from savings and investments (including the Notes) will be taxed at the 
prevailing statutory rate (36% in 2025). 
Non-residents 
A holder of Notes which is not and is not deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the relevant tax 
purposes will not be subject to Dutch taxation on income or a capital gain derived from the Notes unless: 
(i) 
the income or capital gain is attributable to an enterprise or part thereof which is either effectively 
managed in the Netherlands or carried on through a permanent establishment (vaste inrichting) or 
a permanent representative (vaste vertegenwoordiger) taxable in the Netherlands and the holder 
derives profits from such enterprise (other than by way of the holding of securities); or 
(ii) 
the holder is an individual and the income or capital gain qualifies as income from miscellaneous 
activities (belastbaar resultaat uit overige werkzaamheden) in The Netherlands as defined in the 
Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001), including, without limitation, activities that 
exceed normal, active asset management (normaal, actief vermogensbeheer). 
Gift and Inheritance Taxes 
Dutch gift or inheritance tax will not be levied on the occasion of the transfer of Notes by way of gift by, 
or on the death of, a holder of Notes, unless:

--- Page 135 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 125 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
(i) 
the holder is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the relevant 
provisions; or 
(ii) 
the transfer is construed as an inheritance or gift made by, or on behalf of, a person who, at the 
time of the gift or death, is or is deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for the purpose of the 
relevant provisions. 
Value Added Tax 
There is no Dutch value added tax payable by a holder of Notes in respect of payments in consideration for 
the issue or acquisition of Notes, payments of principal and interest under the Notes, or payments in 
consideration for a disposal of Notes. 
Other Taxes and Duties 
There is no Dutch registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in the Netherlands 
by a holder of Notes in respect of or in connection with the acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes, the 
execution, delivery or enforcement by legal proceedings (including any foreign judgment in the courts of 
the Netherlands) of the Notes or the performance of HBT's obligations under the Notes. 
Residence 
A holder of Notes will not be and will not be deemed to be resident in the Netherlands for Dutch tax 
purposes and, subject to the exceptions set out above, will not otherwise become subject to Dutch taxation, 
by reason only of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes or the execution, performance, delivery and/or 
enforcement of the Notes. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or 
related requirements. Each Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Sweden and the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the 
way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a 
foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under 
FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions 
and IGAs to instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject 
to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign 
passthru payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is 
two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity 
and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would 
be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including 
by reason of a substitution of any Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 18 
(Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration 
of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may 
treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
The proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate.

--- Page 136 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 126 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate and/or certain of the participating Member States may decide to 
withdraw. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT.

--- Page 137 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 127 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an Amended and Restated Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as 
modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated 7 
March 2025, agreed with the Issuers and the Guarantor a basis upon which they or any of them may from 
time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form 
of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the relevant Issuer 
(failing which, the Guarantor) has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under 
the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection 
therewith. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations under the Programme Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction 
on the relevant Issue Date of such Notes. In this situation, the issuance of the relevant Tranche of Notes 
may not be completed and investors will have no rights against the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor or the 
relevant Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes and the Guarantee have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable 
Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 138 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 128 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the EU Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the EU Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or 
Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the EU Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the EU Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 139 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 129 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the relevant Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in the UK means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes; and 
• 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the relevant Issuer or the 
Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.

--- Page 140 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 130 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
 
Japan 
Neither a securities registration statement under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") nor a notification under the Investment Trust and Investment 
Corporation Act of Japan (Act No. 198 of 1951, the "ITICA") has been or will be filed with regard to the 
Notes. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly offered or sold and 
will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan, or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and ITICA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan. As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan.  
The Netherlands 
Zero Coupon Notes (as defined below) in definitive form of the relevant Issuer may only be transferred and 
accepted, directly or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the 
relevant Issuer or a member firm of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. in full compliance with the Dutch Savings 
Certificates Act (Wet inzake spaarbewijzen) of 21 May 1985 (as amended) and its implementing 
regulations. No such mediation is required: (a) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of rights 
representing an interest in a Zero Coupon Note in global form, or (b) in respect of the initial issue of Zero 
Coupon Notes in definitive form to the first holders thereof, or (c) in respect of the transfer and acceptance 
of Zero Coupon Notes in definitive form between individuals not acting in the conduct of a business or 
profession, or (d) in respect of the transfer and acceptance of such Zero Coupon Notes within, from or into 
the Netherlands if all Zero Coupon Notes (either in definitive form or as rights representing an interest in a 
Zero Coupon Note in global form) of any particular Series are issued outside the Netherlands and are not 
distributed into the Netherlands in the course of initial distribution or immediately thereafter. 
As used herein "Zero Coupon Notes" are Notes that are in bearer form and that constitute a claim for a 
fixed sum against the relevant Issuer and on which interest does not become due during their tenor or on 
which no interest is due whatsoever. 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, unless the relevant Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that 
this Base Prospectus has been filed with and approved by the NFSA, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered 
or sold and will not directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway, other 
than: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for 
a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor, or in respect of Notes whose 
denomination per unit amounts to at least €100,000; or 
(b) 
to "professional investors" (Nw. “profesjonelle kunder”) as defined in Section 10-6 in the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75; or 
(c) 
to, when aggregated with such offer or sale of any Notes in the same offering by any other Dealer, 
fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "professional investors" as defined in Section 
10-6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75), subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for 
the registration or the publication by either of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Dealer or Dealers 
of a prospectus pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75. 
The Notes shall be initially recorded with Euronext VPS in dematerialised form or in another central 
securities depository which is properly authorised or recognised in Norway as being entitled to register the 
Notes pursuant to Norwegian Central Securities Depository Act of 15 March no. 6 and Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 141 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 131 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
909/2014. However, that registration requirement does not apply if the Notes are issued outside of Norway 
and are either (i) denominated in a currency other than NOK or (ii) denominated in NOK and reserved for 
and only sold and offered to non-Norwegian residents and entities. 
Belgium 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium 
qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1, 2° of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as 
amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred 
or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and 
will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents 
in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Sweden 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. 
Finansinspektionen). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not market or offer the Notes in Sweden in 
circumstances that are deemed to be an offer to the public in Sweden which would require that a prospectus 
is approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
Singapore 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to 
any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA.) 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Singapore Sales to Institutional Investors and 
Accredited Investors only" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been 
registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes 
to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, 
nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with 
the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to 
any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in 
accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in 
accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to

--- Page 142 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 132 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuers, 
the Guarantor, the Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor, the Trustee or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully 
be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 143 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 133 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme, the issue of Notes and, in the case of Heimstaden Bostad only, the giving of 
the Guarantee have been duly authorised, as applicable, by (a) resolutions of the board of directors of 
Heimstaden Bostad dated 27 February 2025; and (b) resolutions of the board of managing directors of HBT 
dated 3 March 2025. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and/or admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated 
market (Euronext Oslo Børs) will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of 
one or more Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to 
(i) Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market and (ii) 
the Oslo Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from 
the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on its regulated market (Euronext Oslo Børs). The 
approval of the Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 7 March 2025. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will be available for inspection (in electronic format) at 
https://www.heimstadenbostad.com/investors/debt-information/emtn-programme/default.aspx: 
(a) 
the constitutional documents of Heimstaden Bostad and the articles of association of HBT, in each 
case with an English translation thereof; 
(b) 
the Trust Deed; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(e) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, Final Terms and supplements 
to this Base Prospectus and any other information incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euronext 
VPS. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS, as applicable, will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of Euronext VPS is Tollbugata 2, 0152 Oslo, Norway. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the relevant Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 144 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 134 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of Heimstaden 
Bostad or the Group since the date of the most recent financial statements of Heimstaden Bostad 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and there has been no material adverse change in the 
financial position or prospects of Heimstaden Bostad or the Group since the date of the last audited financial 
statements of Heimstaden Bostad incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of HBT since the date of the 
most recent financial statements of HBT incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and there has 
been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of HBT since the date of the last 
audited financial statements of HBT incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which any of the Issuers or the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or have had 
during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of either of the Issuers, the Guarantor or the Group. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of Heimstaden Bostad have been audited without qualification for 
the financial years ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 by Ernst & Young AB of Hamngatan 
26, SE-111 47 Stockholm, Sweden, who are authorised and regulated by the Swedish Inspectorate of 
Auditors (Revisorsinspektionen), and who have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the 
inclusion of their audit reports in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included.  
The financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 of HBT 
have been audited without qualification by Ernst & Young Accountants LLP. Ernst & Young Accountants 
LLP was succeeded by EY Accountants B.V. as the independent auditor of HBT as from 29 June 2024. EY 
Accountants B.V. is an independent registered audit firm whose principal place of business is at Boompjes 
258, 3011 XZ Rotterdam and is registered at the Chamber of Commerce of Rotterdam in The Netherlands 
under number 92704093. The office address of the independent auditor signing the independent auditor's 
report on behalf of EY Accountants B.V. is Antonio Vivaldistraat 150, 1083 HP Amsterdam, The 
Netherlands. The independent auditor signing the auditor's report on behalf of EY Accountants B.V. is a 
member of The Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants (Koninklijke Nederlandse 
Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants). The NBA is the professional body for accountants in the 
Netherlands. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuers and the Guarantor 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuers, the 
Guarantor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates 
may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuers, 
the Guarantor and their affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their 
general market risk, or other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuers, the Guarantor or their affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuers, the Guarantor or their affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the 
Issuers, the Guarantor or their affiliates consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment

--- Page 145 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 135 - 
70-41087762 
 
 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Legal Identity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (“LEI”) of Heimstaden Bostad is 549300TJR3PR8EXILG79 and the LEI of 
HBT is 549300ORG6UYMJBCV938. 
Issuer Website 
Heimstaden Bostad's website is https://www.heimstadenbostad.com/. Unless specifically incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 146 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 136 - 
70-41087762 
 
ISSUER 
Heimstaden Bostad Treasury B.V. 
Herikerbergweg 181 I 6th floor 
1101 CN Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ) 
Carl Gustafs Väg 1 
SE-217 42 Malmö 
Sweden 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR  
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
VPS AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, Issuer Service 
Essendrops gate 7 
N-0368 Oslo 
Norway 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuers and Guarantor as to English 
law 
To the Issuers and Guarantor as to Swedish 
law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB 
Norrlandsgatan 21 
111 43 StockholmSweden 
To the Issuers and Guarantor as to 
Norwegian law 
To the Issuers and Guarantor as to Dutch 
law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Tjuvholmen Allé 16 
NO-0252 Oslo 
Norway 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Droogbak 1a 
1013 GE Amsterdam 
PO Box 251, 1000 AG Amsterdam 
The Netherlands

--- Page 147 ---
10306969667-v8 
- 137 - 
70-41087762 
 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
To Heimstaden Bostad 
Ernst & Young AB 
Hamngatan 26 
SE-111 47 Stockholm 
Kingdom of Sweden 
To HBT 
In respect of the year ended 31 December 
2023 and 31 December 2022 
In respect of the year ended 31 December 
2024 
Ernst & Young Accountants LLP 
Cross Towers 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
EY Accountants B.V. 
Cross Towers 
Antonio Vivaldistraat 150 
1083 HP Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
DEALERS 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Börsenplatz 9 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Danske Bank A/S 
Bernstorffsgade 40 
1577 Copenhagen V  
Denmark 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DNB Bank ASA 
Dronning Eufemias gate 30 
0191 Oslo 
Norway 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
Helsinki 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland