--- Page 1 ---
10223626517-v74 
- i - 
70-41028024 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS DATED 16 MARCH 2022 
 
Heimstaden AB (publ) 
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
€4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €4,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), Heimstaden AB (publ) (the 
"Issuer") may from time to time issue notes (the "Notes") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealers (as defined below). 
Notes may be issued in bearer or registered form (respectively "Bearer Notes" and "Registered Notes") or in 
uncertificated book entry form ("VPS Notes") settled through the Norwegian Central Securities Depositary, 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA (trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) ("Euronext VPS"). The maximum aggregate nominal 
amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €4,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to 
increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Overview of the 
Programme" and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a 
"Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References 
in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) 
subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of these risks see 
"Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "CBI"), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The CBI only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Approval by the CBI should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the 
Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Such approval relates only to Notes that are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market (the "Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market") of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin"), the Oslo Stock 
Exchange's regulated market (Oslo Børs) or on another regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "MiFID II"). 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to its official list (the "Official List") and trading on the Euronext 
Dublin Regulated Market. The Issuer has further requested that the CBI send to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory 
Authority (Finanstilsynet) (the "NFSA") in its capacity as the competent authority in Norway (i) a copy of this Base 
Prospectus and (ii) a certificate of approval pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation attesting that this Base 
Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation and the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, for purposes of listing Notes on the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market 
(Oslo Børs). 
Each of the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market (Oslo Børs) is a 
regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. References in this Base Prospectus to the Notes being "listed" (and all 
related references) shall mean that, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Notes have been either 
admitted (i) to the Official List and to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market or (ii) to trading on the Oslo 
Stock Exchange's regulated market (Oslo Børs), as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation 
to the relevant Series (as defined below). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date 
in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
(the "EEA"). The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where 
an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes 
and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", 
as the case may be) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final Terms") which, with respect to Notes 
to be listed, will be delivered to the CBI and further distributed to the NFSA and Euronext Dublin and/or the Oslo Stock 
Exchange (Oslo Børs) (as appropriate).

--- Page 2 ---
10223626517-v74 
- ii - 
70-41028024 
 
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin will also be published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin, and copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated market 
(Oslo Børs) will be published on the website of the Oslo Stock Exchange (Oslo Børs). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further 
stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue 
unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act") or any U.S. State securities laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or 
the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any 
state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The  Issuer has been rated BB+ (outlook stable) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch"). Fitch is established in the 
EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). As such, Fitch 
is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. Fitch is not established in the United Kingdom ("UK") but ratings issued by Fitch will be endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Ltd in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). As such, the Issuer's rating may 
be used for regulatory purposes in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Issuer by the 
relevant rating agency. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the 
ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of CIBOR, EURIBOR, NIBOR and 
STIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets 
Institute, the administrator of EURIBOR, Danish Financial Benchmark Facility ApS, the administrator of CIBOR, and 
Norske Finansielle Referanser AS, the administrator of NIBOR, are included in ESMA's register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the administrator of STIBOR is not included in ESMA's register of administrators under the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
 
Arrangers and Dealers 
 
J.P. MORGAN 
NORDEA

--- Page 3 ---
10223626517-v74 
- iii - 
70-41028024 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of Notes issued under the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  
Without prejudice to the Issuer's responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
as set out above, Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ) is responsible, on the same basis as the Issuer for the 
pro forma financial information and the notes thereto contained under section "Pro forma financial 
information of Heimstaden Bostad" on pages 145 to 149 of this Base Prospectus.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"). This Base Prospectus 
shall be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus. Any website referred to in this Base 
Prospectus has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Trustee (as defined below) have independently verified the information 
contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is 
made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or the Trustee as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other 
information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. No Dealer or the Trustee 
accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to give any 
information or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Notes and, 
if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, nor should it be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee that any recipient 
of this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes should purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make 
its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Trustee to any person to subscribe for or to purchase 
any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any 
time subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The 
Dealers and the Trustee expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the 
Programme of any information coming to their attention. 
Notes denominated in NOK may not be offered, sold or delivered in Norway or to or for the benefit of 
persons domiciled in Norway, unless in compliance with the regulations relating to the offer of VPS Notes, 
including the registration in Euronext VPS of such VPS Notes.

--- Page 4 ---
10223626517-v74 
- iv - 
70-41028024 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms or any Drawdown Prospectus in 
respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms or any Drawdown Prospectus in respect 
of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the 
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT 2001 (2020 REVISED EDITION) - The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which will

--- Page 5 ---
10223626517-v74 
- v - 
70-41028024 
 
state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 
2001 (2020 Revised Edition) (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"). The Issuer will make 
a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for purposes of 
section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the applicable Final Terms will constitute notice to 
"relevant persons" for purposes of Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or 
deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-
106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, 
as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant 
Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a 
transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation 
in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or 
damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided 
that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed 
by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor. If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of 
securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National 
Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the 
disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with the 
offering of the Notes contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto.  
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealers and the Trustee do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, 
or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has 
been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Trustee which is intended to permit a public offering of any 
Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor 
any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform themselves about, and observe, 
any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In 
particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in 
the United States, the EEA (including Belgium, Norway and Sweden), the UK, Singapore and Japan; see 
"Subscription and Sale".

--- Page 6 ---
10223626517-v74 
- vi - 
70-41028024 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 
December 2021 and 31 December 2020 (together, the Financial Statements). 
The Issuer's financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific 
year are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial Statements have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") issued by the 
International Accounting Standards Board. 
The financial information provided for and discussed in this Base Prospectus and the financial statements 
of the Issuer and the Group (as defined below) included in this Base Prospectus relate to the past 
performance of the Group. The future development of the Group could deviate significantly from past 
results due to a large number of internal and external factors. The historical earnings, historical dividends 
and other historical financial data of the Group are, therefore, not necessarily predictive of earnings or other 
key financial figures for the Group going forward. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
• 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, 
as amended; 
• 
"NOK" refers to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Norway; 
• 
"Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling; and 
• 
"SEK" refers to the lawful currency of the Kingdom of Sweden. 
References to a "billion" are to a thousand million. 
References to the "Group" are to the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
References to the "Issuer Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries (as defined below) from time to 
time, excluding Heimstaden Bostad and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them.

--- Page 7 ---
10223626517-v74 
- vii - 
70-41028024 
 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect 
its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the 
market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, 
stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on 
which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance 
with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 8 ---
10223626517-v74 
- viii - 
70-41028024 
 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, 'forward looking statements'. 
These forward looking statements can be identified by the use of forward looking terminology, including 
the terms 'forecast', 'believes', 'estimates', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'intends', 'may', 'will', or 'should' or, in each 
case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, 
objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward looking statements include all matters that are 
not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this document and include, but are not 
limited to, the following: statements regarding the intentions, beliefs or current expectations of the Issuer 
concerning, amongst other things, the results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, 
strategies of the Issuer and the industry in which the Issuer operates. 
By their nature, forward looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events 
and circumstances. Forward looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual 
results of the Issuer's operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in 
which the Issuer operates may differ materially from those described in, or suggested by, the forward 
looking statements contained in this document. In addition, even if the results of operations, financial 
condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which the Issuer operates are consistent with 
the forward looking statements contained in this document, those results or developments may not be 
indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 
These and other factors are discussed in more detail under "Description of the Issuer" and "Description of 
Heimstaden Bostad", which should be read in conjunction with the risk factors set out in "Risk Factors" 
below. Many of these factors are beyond the control of the Issuer. Should one or more of these risks or 
uncertainties materialise, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary 
materially from those described in this document as anticipated, believed, estimated or expected. Except to 
the extent required by laws and regulations, the Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, 
to update any forward looking statements set out in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 9 ---
10223626517-v74 
- ix - 
70-41028024 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................................... 10 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 15 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 34 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 35 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................. 39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 51 
USE OF PROCEEDS ................................................................................................................................. 94 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER............................................................................................................. 95 
SELECTED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS OF THE ISSUER ................................................ 102 
PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF THE ISSUER ................................... 105 
DESCRIPTION OF HEIMSTADEN BOSTAD ...................................................................................... 110 
SELECTED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS OF HEIMSTADEN BOSTAD ............................ 139 
PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF HEIMSTADEN BOSTAD ...................................... 145 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 150 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 152 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 157

--- Page 10 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 10 - 
70-41028024 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular 
Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes 
shall be issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, and 
if appropriate, a new Base Prospectus, a drawdown prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, 
will be published. 
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the "Delegated Regulation"). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Heimstaden AB (publ) 
Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier: 
549300WD2QBD89VBPV88  
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure 
of a particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. All 
of these are set out under "Risk Factors". 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Dealers: 
Nordea Bank Abp 
J.P. Morgan SE 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale") including the following 
restrictions applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the 
proceeds of the issue are accepted in the UK, constitute deposits 
for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") unless they are issued to 
a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Trustee: 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch

--- Page 11 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 11 - 
70-41028024 
 
VPS Agent: 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, Issuer Service 
Programme Size: 
Up to €4,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time 
to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant 
Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer or registered form or, in the 
case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notes in bearer form will not be exchangeable for Notes in 
registered form, and Notes in registered form will not be 
exchangeable for Notes in bearer form. 
VPS Notes will not be evidenced by any physical note or 
document of title. Entitlements to VPS Notes will be evidenced 
by the crediting of VPS Notes to accounts with Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes will not be exchangeable for Notes in bearer or 
registered form and vice versa. See "Form of the Notes" below. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined on 
the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest 
Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both.

--- Page 12 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 12 - 
70-41028024 
 
Benchmark Event: 
If a Benchmark Event (as defined below) occurs, such that any 
rate of interest (or any component part thereof) cannot be 
determined by reference to the original benchmark specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, then such rate of interest may be 
substituted (subject to certain conditions) with a successor or 
alternative rate (with consequent amendment to the terms of 
such Series of Notes and the application of an adjustment spread 
(which could be positive, negative or zero)) as described in the 
Terms and Conditions. 
Step Up Rating Change and/or Step 
Down Rating Change: 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether a Step Up 
Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change will apply to 
the Notes, in which case the rate of interest in respect of the 
Notes may be subject to adjustment as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. See Condition 5.4 (Adjustment of Rate 
of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to 
their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders and/or on the occurrence of a Special 
Redemption Event, upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. If indicated in the applicable Final Terms, Notes may 
be redeemable on the occurrence of a change of control of the 
Issuer (see Condition 7.7 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control 
Put))). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as 
may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations 
applicable to the relevant Specified Currency, see "Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year" 
above, and save that the minimum denomination of each Note 
will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
any Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation). In 
the event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save 
in certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 8 
(Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts to cover the 
amounts so deducted.

--- Page 13 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 13 - 
70-41028024 
 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge) 
Financial Covenants: 
The terms of the Notes will contain certain financial covenants 
as further described in Condition 4.2 (Financial Covenants). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default and 
Enforcement). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional and (subject to 
the provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank at least pari 
passu with all other direct, unconditional and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and without any preference among 
them. 
Rating: 
The Issuer has been rated BB+ (outlook stable) by Fitch. The 
Programme has not been rated by any rating agency. Series of 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. 
Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed 
in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Listing: 
Application has been made to (i) Euronext Dublin for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be listed on the Euronext Dublin 
Regulated Market; and (ii) the Oslo Stock Exchange for Notes 
to be listed on its regulated market (Oslo Børs). 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, 
on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the relevant 
Series. Notes which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on 
any market may also be issued. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, except that the 
registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as the 
recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, 
VPS Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Norwegian law. 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central 
Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 no. 6 which 
implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian 
law, and, to the extent applicable, the Norwegian Securities 
Register Act of 5 July 2002 no. 64, as amended from time to 
time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights 
and subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under 
these acts (as applicable) and any related regulations and 
legislation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including Belgium, Sweden and 
Norway), the UK, Singapore and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering

--- Page 14 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 14 - 
70-41028024 
 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the 
general corporate purposes of the Issuer unless, in respect of any 
particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds 
stated in the applicable Final Terms. See "Use of Proceeds".

--- Page 15 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 15 - 
70-41028024 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due. It is not possible to identify 
all such factors, as the Issuer may not be aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which they 
currently deem not to be material may become material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the 
Issuer's control. The Issuer has identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could 
materially adversely affect its business and ability to make payments due. 
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Any investment in the Notes is subject to a number of risks. Prior to investing in the Notes, prospective 
investors should carefully consider risk factors associated with any investment in the Notes, the business 
of the Issuer, and the industry in which it operates together with all other information contained in this 
Base Prospectus, including, in particular the risk factors described below. Words and expressions defined 
in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meanings in this section. 
The following is not an exhaustive list or explanation of all risks which investors may face when making an 
investment in the Notes and should be used as guidance only. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to 
the Issuer that are not currently known to the Issuer or that it currently deems immaterial, may individually 
or cumulatively also have a material adverse effect on the business, prospects, results of operations and/or 
financial position of the Issuer and, if any such risk should occur, the price of the Notes may decline and 
investors could lose all or part of their investment. Investors should consider carefully whether an 
investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their 
personal circumstances. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE BUSINESS OF THE GROUP AND THE ABILITY OF THE 
ISSUER TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks Relating to the Issuer as a separate entity 
Dependency on subsidiaries 
The Issuer is a holding company and a significant part of the Group's assets, revenues and cash flow relate 
to the Issuer's direct and indirect subsidiaries, and most significantly Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ) 
("Heimstaden Bostad"). As is common with property groups, the Issuer's material assets are its 
shareholdings in its subsidiaries and its associated companies. Accordingly, the Issuer is dependent upon 
receipt of sufficient income related to the operations of and the ownership in such entities to enable it to 
make payments under the Notes. 
The subsidiaries, which to a large part are not wholly owned by the Issuer, are legally separate and distinct 
from the Issuer and have no obligation to pay amounts due with respect to the Issuer's obligations and 
commitments, including the Notes, or to make funds available for such payments. The Issuer may use some 
of the proceeds of the sale of Notes issued by it to repay certain of its own debts, and may on-lend proceeds 
under intercompany loans to its subsidiaries for them to repay or refinance certain of their indebtedness. 
Other than the receivables under intercompany loans and any other intra-group loans of proceeds made in 
connection with other financing transactions, the Issuer depends on the distribution of dividends and group 
contributions and other payments from its subsidiaries. The ability of the subsidiaries to make such 
payments to the Issuer is subject to, among other things, the availability of funds, corporate and tax 
restrictions, restrictions in shareholders' agreements and the terms of each entity’s finance agreements. 
Should the value of the business conducted in the subsidiaries decrease, and/or should the Issuer's 
subsidiaries not be able (in whole or in part) to make the expected dividends or similar distributions to the 
Issuer, this could impact the Issuer's liquidity and consequently the Noteholders' ability to receive payment 
under the Notes may be adversely affected.

--- Page 16 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 16 - 
70-41028024 
 
According to the governance documents in place for some of the Issuer's subsidiaries which are not wholly-
owned by the Issuer, the non-controlling interests are entitled to have an influence in certain matters. Hence, 
there is a risk that measures will be taken in these subsidiaries which are counteractive to the Issuer's 
interests. Such measures may adversely affect the Issuer's ability to act as planned in these non-wholly 
owned subsidiaries. 
The Issuer's indirect subsidiary Heimstaden Bostad is jointly owned together with, mainly, pension funds, 
including Alecta Tjänstepension Ömsesidigt (Alecta).  The Issuer holds as of 31 December 2021, indirectly 
through Group Companies, approximately 50.1% of the votes and approximately 45.0% of the capital 
(which is defined as Heimstaden Bostad's net asset value excluding non-controlling interest and hybrid 
bonds with accrued interest) in Heimstaden Bostad.  The economic rights in Heimstaden Bostad are 
governed by four types of share classes, one ordinary share class and three preferential share classes, among 
which the economic rights differ with respect to, for example, rights to payment of dividends and 
distribution of funds in case of a sale of all shares in Heimstaden Bostad, a liquidation or bankruptcy (the 
"Distribution Waterfall"), as further set out in the articles of association of Heimstaden Bostad. It follows 
from the Distribution Waterfall that the preferential shares have priority over the ordinary shares, i.e. 
dividends and other distributions to holders of ordinary shares are made only after such dividends or 
distributions have been made to holders of preferential shares (with preferential shares of series A, of which 
the Issuer owns 100%, having the highest priority). The Issuer has a higher ratio of ordinary shares than 
preference shares, which means that the Issuer is more exposed to any deterioration in the financial 
condition of Heimstaden Bostad than shareholders holding a higher ratio of preference shares. Should any 
such deterioration in the financial condition of Heimstaden Bostad result in there being limited amounts 
available in the Distribution Waterfall to holders of ordinary shares after payment has been made to holders 
of preference shares, it would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and future 
prospects. Furthermore, the Issuer's holdings in Heimstaden Bostad may decrease in the future, which could 
reduce the Issuer's influence and economic participation in Heimstaden Bostad. 
Management agreements with Heimstaden Bostad 
The Issuer has a group-wide management agreement in place with Heimstaden Bostad, whereby the Issuer, 
together with its subsidiaries, provides group management and country management services. The Issuer 
holds the strategic and administrative responsibility of the operations of Heimstaden Bostad according to a 
management agreement for all countries in which Heimstaden Bostad operates. Further the Issuer, through 
its subsidiaries performs the portfolio property and facility management for Heimstaden Bostad, except for 
entities in Czech Republic and entities in the Akelius Portfolio (as defined below) in Sweden, Denmark and 
Germany which are each managed by Heimstaden Bostad and its subsidiaries. The group management 
agreement is in place until 10 October 2032. From 30 September 2026, Heimstaden Bostad will have the 
sole discretion to terminate the agreement by giving six months' notice to the Issuer. There is a risk that the 
management agreement may be terminated (either before or after 30 September 2026), which would have 
an adverse effect on the Issuer since the Issuer would not receive the fees stipulated in the agreement while 
still bearing part of the costs related to the agreement.  
 
Risks Relating to Macroeconomic Conditions 
The on-going uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets and the state of the global economic 
recovery may adversely affect the Group's operations 
Global financial markets continue to experience disruptions, including increased volatility and diminished 
liquidity and credit availability. Concerns about credit risk (including that of sovereigns) and the Eurozone 
crisis have increased recently, especially with the presence of significant sovereign debts and/or fiscal 
deficits in a number of European countries and the United States. This has raised concerns regarding the 
financial condition of financial institutions and other corporates located in these countries, having direct or 
indirect exposure to these countries, and/or whose banks, customers, service providers, sources of funding 
and/or suppliers have direct or indirect exposure to these countries. The default, or a significant decline in 
the credit rating, of one or more sovereigns or financial institutions could cause severe stress in the financial 
system generally and could adversely affect the markets in which the Group operates and the businesses 
and economic condition and prospects of the Group's counterparties or customers, directly or indirectly, in 
ways which are difficult to predict. The impact of these conditions could be detrimental to the Group and 
could adversely affect its business, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects; its solvency 
and the solvency of its counterparties and customers; the value and liquidity of its assets and liabilities; the

--- Page 17 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 17 - 
70-41028024 
 
value and liquidity of the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Notes and 
under its debt obligations more generally. 
Negative economic developments and conditions in Europe may affect the Group's operations and 
customers, as well as the prices of the Group's real property and tenant-owned apartments 
The European economies in which the Group is present have been adversely affected by the uncertain 
global economic and financial market conditions. Geopolitical developments, including among other things 
the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, may continue to impact financial markets and economies generally. This 
may impact the Group in terms of access to and cost of funding, as well as impacting the general economy. 
An economic slowdown or a recession, regardless of its depth, or any other negative economic 
developments in these principal countries of operation and involvement may affect the Group's business in 
a number of ways, including, among other things, the income, wealth, liquidity, business and/or financial 
condition of the Group, its customers and other business partners. The Group may not be able to utilise the 
opportunities created by the economic fluctuations, the value of the real property owned by the Group may 
decrease, and the Group may not be able to adapt to a long-term economic recession or stagnation. Further, 
although historically economic slowdowns and recessions have increased the demand for rental apartments 
in these countries, there can be no assurance that the Group will not experience declines in the demand for 
rental apartments during periods of economic slowdown or recession. The Group may also experience 
increased defaults on rent payments as a result of negative economic developments in Europe. 
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Risks relating to Covid-19 
The Group conducts its business within the real estate market and is consequently affected by general 
economic trends outside the Group's control. The occurrence of extraordinary events, such as the outbreak 
of disease epidemics, could have an adverse impact on the global economy as a whole and may lead to a 
global recession, or even depression. The outbreak of the Covid-19 coronavirus ("Covid-19"), which is 
considered a pandemic and has led to a major slowdown in economic growth during 2020 and 2021, partly 
due to the spread of Covid-19 itself, but even more so due to the governmental decisions enacted across 
different nations in order to try to contain Covid-19, such as quarantines, lockdowns and restrictions on 
mobility. The direct and indirect impact of the Covid-19 outbreak remains uncertain. While governments 
and central banks around the world have reacted to the economic crisis caused by Covid-19 by 
implementing stimulus and liquidity programmes and cutting interest rates, governments have begun to 
phase-out pandemic relief. In addition, while vaccination campaigns are progressing and many economies 
are recovering, the spread of new variants of Covid-19 and uneven vaccination rates continue to cause 
uncertainty around a sustainable recovery. Concerns remain as to whether these policy tools will counter 
anticipated macro-economic risks. A prolongation of the outbreak could significantly adversely affect 
economic growth and impact business operations across the economy generally and, by extension, real 
estate markets, both as a result of weakened economic activity and in terms of the health and wellbeing of 
employees being affected. 
Such weakening of the economy and or operations could have a material adverse impact on the financial 
performance or operations of, or the cost of funding for, the Group. In addition, there is currently no reliable 
way to predict, with certainty, the timing or value of transactions affected. Thus, the outbreak of Covid-19 
may lead to investments being postponed or planned acquisitions and/or divestments possibly not being 
carried out as planned, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business and possibilities 
to continue its growth. The longer the Covid-19 crisis continues it may become more difficult to raise 
capital, obtain loans or other financings or service existing debt. 
Additionally, as of 31 December 2021, 8% of the fair value of the Group's investment properties was 
composed of commercial property therefore the Group may lose rental income from its commercial tenants 
as the economic impact of Covid-19 materialises. Moreover, due to Covid-19, there is a risk that the Group's 
current or future tenants may choose not to enter into new leases or renew existing leases. 
There is also a risk that the global downturn could affect the liquidity position of the Group's existing 
tenants, which in turn may require such tenants to postpone rental payments or cause defaults under lease 
agreements. Accordingly, the Covid-19 crisis' impact on the Group's current and future tenants could lead 
to increased vacancies and a decrease in rental income for the Group, which would have a negative impact 
on the Group's operations, financial position and earnings.

--- Page 18 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 18 - 
70-41028024 
 
Risks Relating to the Group's Business Operations 
Decreases in the occupancy rate and increases in the tenant turnover may weaken the Group's results 
Tenant turnover is an integral part of the residential investment business, and results in costs to the Group, 
for example, related to the signing of rental agreements and minor renovations typically made in connection 
with a tenant moving out of the apartment. In recent years, the Group has tried to reduce tenant turnover 
through, for example, repairs enhancing the attractiveness of the apartments that it owns. 
The Group's occupancy rate and tenant turnover depend to a great extent on general economic factors and 
the level of new-build construction activity. The occupancy rate of the Group's properties has a significant 
impact on the Group's business. The Group aims to secure a high letting rate by, among other things, 
actively developing its property portfolio to meet the demand for residential and commercial premises. If 
the vacancy rate increases, the Group will lose rental income while having to cover the maintenance costs 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future projects. 
Decrease in fair value of the Group's properties will result in revaluation losses 
The Group's real estate properties are reported at fair value in the balance sheet and any change in the fair 
value of the Group's properties is recorded in the income statement for the period during which the 
revaluation of the Group's properties occurs. Unrealised changes in value do not affect the cash flow. Fair 
value of investment properties represents the price in the local primary market taking into account a number 
of factors, some of which are real estate specific, such as the condition and location of the property as well 
as occupancy ratio and operative expenses whereas others are market-specific, such as yield requirements 
and cost of capital that are derived from comparable transactions on the real estate market. Decreases in the 
fair value of the Group's properties could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects. In addition, decreases in the fair value of the Group's 
properties would have negative effects on the Group's performance indicators, particularly the net asset 
value, which could have a negative influence on the rating of Heimstaden Bostad. 
Property valuation is subjective and uncertain to some extent 
Although the Group's properties are valued by qualified external valuers, the appropriateness of sources of 
information used and the credibility of the valuations are, to a certain extent, subjective and, thus, subject 
to uncertainty. The Group's real estate properties are accounted for in the balance sheet at actual value and 
the changes in value are accounted for in the income statement. Non-realised value changes do not affect 
the cash flow. Valuations are based on a "highest-and-best-use" principle to determine the use that will 
result in the highest value of the properties. Explicit income, implicit income and sales comparison 
approaches are all used to value the Group's properties. 
Rental prices in the property portfolio are expected to follow inflation over time. Most commercial leases 
include indexation, which means that rent increases at the same rate as the Consumer Price Index (the 
"CPI") during the leasing period. Assumptions have also been made regarding future operating and 
maintenance payments. These assumptions are based on historic outcomes and future projections as well 
as estimated standardised costs. Operating and maintenance costs are adjusted upwards each year by 
inflation. Yield requirements and the cost of capital used in the valuation model have been derived from 
comparable transactions in the property market. Important factors in choosing a yield requirement are 
location, rental rate, vacancy rate and the condition of the property. Comparable valuations are based on 
data from historical transactions of condominiums and with additional certain assumptions at a specified 
date. In the event of significant and rapid market changes, such historical data may not accurately reflect 
the current market value of the Group's properties. Furthermore, the assumptions may prove to be 
inaccurate, and adverse market changes since the date when such assumptions were made may cause 
significant declines in the value of the Group's properties. In addition, the use of different assumptions or 
valuation models would likely produce different valuation results. 
As a result of the factors above, there can be no assurance that the valuations accurately reflect the current 
market value of the Group's properties and property-related assets as at the date of valuation or any other 
date. Incorrect assumptions or flawed assessments underlying the valuations, or materialisation of any of 
the above risks, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and future prospects.

--- Page 19 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 19 - 
70-41028024 
 
Increasing refurbishment and maintenance costs may result in a decreased profit margin or increased 
rents and thus decreased demand for properties 
The Group continuously carries out refurbishment and maintenance repairs in its properties, which mainly 
result from their condition and requirements for energy-efficiency. The costs related to the refurbishment 
and maintenance of properties are significant and relate mainly to plumbing, external walls and roofs, 
window and balcony renovations. Residential buildings must typically have their plumbing refurbished 
within certain time intervals, which usually covers renewal of both water and sewage pipes as well as new 
bathrooms and kitchens. External walls, roofs and balconies must also be renovated periodically. 
The Group expects the cost for refurbishment and maintenance repairs in the future to remain at the present 
level in proportion to the size of the Group's property portfolio. However, increasing refurbishment and 
maintenance repair costs may arise, for example, from increasing legal requirements for energy-efficiency, 
and there can, therefore, be no assurance that the amount spent on refurbishment and maintenance repair 
by the Group could not significantly increase from the level currently expected by the Group. 
If refurbishment and maintenance costs were to increase significantly, the profit margin of the Group's 
properties may decrease or the Group may be required to increase rents, which may, in turn, result in a 
decreased demand for the Group's properties. As a result, the Group may not be able to fully pass on the 
costs of refurbishment and maintenance to its customers and the Group's investments in refurbishment and 
maintenance may not generate the expected return. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
The Group's property development may give rise to liabilities that can have significant effects 
The Group's property development may expose it to potential liabilities based on defects in the buildings, 
materials, design or the quality of the work. Standard form contracts that are used by construction designers 
limit the designer's liability to the value of the properties constructed, so the Group is liable for defects that 
exceed this amount. Materialisation of the Group's liabilities for construction defects, based on its own 
actions or based on the actions of the external designers or construction companies, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects and 
therefore impact the value of an investment in the Notes. 
The Issuer could fail in the management of the "Heimstaden" brand 
The Group's success and its ability to differentiate itself from other real estate companies in the markets in 
which it operates are partially dependent on the value of the "Heimstaden" brand. The "Heimstaden" 
trademark is owned by the Issuer and licensed to the Group. The "Heimstaden" brand holds a great 
significance for both the Group's business operations, opportunities for it obtaining external financing under 
favourable terms and the implementation of its strategies. The integrity of the "Heimstaden" brand is 
important in all parts of its business (both for residential and commercial properties) and to the Group's 
business partners, such as municipalities, construction companies and lenders. In addition, corporate social 
responsibility forms part of the Group's customary long-term activities and, for example, many institutional 
investors impose stringent demands on the Group's sustainability efforts. Negative publicity or negative 
customer experience could have an adverse effect on the "Heimstaden" brand and its development. Should 
the "Heimstaden" brand lose value, regaining any lost brand value might prove impossible or require 
incurrence of significant costs. This, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Loss of key personnel or failure in recruiting new key personnel may undermine the Group's operations 
The Group's financial performance is dependent on the contribution of the Issuer's key personnel. Key 
personnel include the Issuer's senior management and a number of other employees in key positions. The 
Group's success is, to a large extent, dependent on the Issuer's ability to recruit, motivate and retain highly 
skilled staff at every level of its organisation. The Issuer may fail in retaining key personnel and recruiting 
skilled staff. Any loss of senior management or other employees with special expertise could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Dependency on the ultimate majority shareholder 
The ultimate majority shareholder of the Issuer is Ivar Tollefsen who, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, 
indirectly owns approximately 98% of Fredensborg AS and owns, through Fredensborg AS, indirectly 70.8%

--- Page 20 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 20 - 
70-41028024 
 
of the share capital and 96.0% of votes in the Issuer, which in turn owns 45.0% of the capital (where capital 
means Heimstaden Bostad's net asset value excluding non-controlling interests and hybrid capital) and 50.1% 
of the votes in Heimstaden Bostad. Ivar Tollefsen may, therefore, be able to prevent or delay a change of 
control in respect of the Group, or take other actions that may be contrary to the interests of the Group's 
other stakeholders. Further, the personal connections and business relationships of Ivar Tollefsen are 
important to the conduct of the Group's business. No assurance can be given that he will continue to make 
his services available to the Group indefinitely. The Group does not maintain any 'key-man' insurance on 
Ivar Tollefsen. 
If the current controlling shareholder Fredensborg AS were to reduce its shareholding, this could lead to 
the control of the Issuer being transferred to another shareholder. In some of the Group’s agreements 
(including certain financing agreements) there are provisions that will be triggered in the event of changes 
in the control of the Issuer, such as if Fredensborg AS ceases to control a majority of the shares or votes in 
the Issuer or to have the ability to directly or indirectly appoint or dismiss all or a majority of the board of 
directors of the Issuer. The shareholders’ agreement regarding Heimstaden Bostad also contains a change 
of control clause. In the event of any such change of control in the Issuer, certain rights for the counterparty, 
or obligations for the Group, may arise, which, among other things, may affect the Group’s continued 
financing or, in the case of Heimstaden Bostad, may lead to the Issuer losing rights in relation to other 
shareholders in Heimstaden Bostad, which would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's future 
prospects. Such change of control may also affect the market's view of the Group, including a change in 
creditworthiness, which could increase the Group's financing costs and thus have an adverse effect on the 
Group's earnings. 
Variations in supply and demand on the residential market and the market for commercial premises may 
affect the value of properties and rental levels 
The Group's income is affected by the occupancy rate of the properties, the possibility of charging market-
related rents as well as customers' ability to pay rents. The occupancy rate and rental levels are largely 
determined by general and regional economic trends and, in relation to Denmark, Sweden, the Netherlands, 
Germany and the Czech Republic, the rental levels are in addition affected by applicable rent regulations 
(please see "Risk Factors - Rental regulations may restrict the Group's ability to increase rents"). 
The residential market is sensitive to fluctuations in supply and demand. Residential prices in the European 
markets in which the Group is present have historically followed macroeconomic development in a cyclical 
manner, while the demand for rental apartments has historically been countercyclical. The value of 
properties and rental levels are affected by a number of factors, including events related to domestic and 
international politics, interest rates, economic growth, the availability of credit and taxation. Changes in 
supply and demand on the property market in specific areas within the countries where the Group is present, 
resulting from new construction, investor supply and demand and other factors, may also materially affect 
the values of properties regardless of the overall development in these residential markets. 
In addition, an oversupply of rental apartments or commercial premises could lead to rent decreases, which 
could have an adverse effect on the Group's rental income. A decrease in the prices of apartments and 
commercial properties is likely to have a direct impact on the fair value of the Group's property portfolio. 
The required return may increase in the future, which could lead to a reduction in the value of the Group's 
property portfolio. 
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Rental regulations may restrict the Group's ability to increase rents 
The ability of the Group to increase rents under its tenancy agreements may be limited by applicable rent 
regulations in the jurisdictions in which the Group's properties are located. For example, in Sweden, there 
is a legal principle of "utility value" (Swedish: Bruksvärdesprincipen) which entails that rent levels should 
be proportionate to the quality and standard of the residential unit in question and can only be increased to 
a level that is in line with the rent that is charged on other comparable residential units (consequently, rents 
can only be subject to more significant above-inflation increases when the residential units have been 
upgraded). As a further example, in Germany, there are legal restrictions on the ability to increase rent on 
existing leases and in general, rents can only be increased by 20% over three years and only up to the locally 
prevailing comparative levels of rent (ortsübliche Vergleichsmiete) which are set out in regularly published

--- Page 21 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 21 - 
70-41028024 
 
rent indices (Mietspiegel) by the municipalities. In certain cities classified as having a tight housing market, 
stricter restrictions on rent increases exist. In the context of the Group's development projects that relate to 
the upgrade of the Group's properties, to the extent that the Group is or becomes restricted by applicable 
rental regulations from increasing the rent payable on such upgraded properties, this could have a material 
impact on the Group's ability to recover the costs and expenses associated with the upgrade of those 
residential units and this could, in turn, have a material impact on the Group's operations, earnings and/or 
financial condition. 
The further tightening of any applicable rental regulations in a specific market could have a negative impact 
on the market rental rates payable in that market. Any general decreases in the rental levels of the Group's 
properties as a result of decreases in market rental rates could have a negative effect on the value of the 
Group's properties and this, in turn, could have a material impact on the growth and financial prospects of 
the Group. 
Changes in legislation may adversely affect the value of the Group's properties or results, increase its 
expenses and/or slow or halt the development of investments 
The Group must comply with a wide variety of laws, regulations and provisions, including urban planning 
regulations, construction and operating permits, building standards, construction codes, health, safety, 
environmental, competition and labour laws, laws relating to rent levels and the rights of tenants as well as 
corporate, accounting and tax laws. Changes in such laws, regulations and provisions or their interpretations 
could require the Group to adapt its business operations, assets or strategy, potentially leading to a negative 
impact on the value of its properties or its results, an increase in its expenses and/or slowing or even halting 
of the development of certain investments. In particular, requirements for energy efficiency have become 
more stringent in recent years, which results, among other things, in increased construction prices. 
In order for the Group's properties to be used and developed as desired, various permits and decisions can 
be required, including local plans and various kinds of property registrations, which are approved and given 
by, for instance, municipalities and authorities, and which are resolved on both a political and on an 
administrative level. There is a risk that the Group in the future is not granted the permits or decisions 
necessary to conduct and develop its business as desired. Further, there is always a risk that decisions are 
challenged by third parties and, as a result thereof, are delayed significantly, or that the established decision 
making practice or the political will or direction are changed in the future in an adverse manner for the 
Group. 
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
The Group is subject to possible future changes in tax laws and regulations 
Tax laws and regulations or their interpretation and application practices may be subject to change in the 
countries in which the Group operates. Historically, the Group has used tax optimisation arrangements, 
such as utilising tax losses from companies it acquires to reduce its tax burden. However, there can be no 
assurance that the Group will be able to continue to rely on tax losses carried forward as there could be 
changes in tax laws and regulation or their interpretation and application. This would mean that the Group 
could be liable to pay additional tax which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and cash flow. 
Under EU Directive 2016/1164 there is, for example, a general limitation for interest deductions by way of 
an EBITDA-rule under which net interest expenses should be deductible only up to a certain percentage of 
the taxpayer's EBITDA for tax purposes. Local legislation in Europe similar to or based on the EU Directive 
2016/1164 has been or may be implemented, and may cause the Group's final tax allowance, attributable 
to interest, to decrease as a result of the reduced allowance cap, which would result in lower profits after 
tax. 
Tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, may also change in other ways in the 
countries in which the Group operates. It is uncertain to what extent such future changes may affect the 
Group. Such changes may, among other things, have an adverse effect on the Group's cash flow and profit 
after tax as well as its business and future prospects.

--- Page 22 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 22 - 
70-41028024 
 
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Legal or regulatory proceedings or claims could have a material adverse effect on the Group 
The Group may become involved in, or a subject of, legal or regulatory proceedings or claims relating to 
its operations. It is inherently difficult to predict the outcome of legal, regulatory and other adversarial 
proceedings or claims, and there can be no assurance as to the outcome of such proceedings or claims, 
whether existing or arising in the future. In the normal course of its business operations, the Group could 
be involved in legal proceedings relating, for example, to alleged breaches of contract by the Group and 
employers' liabilities and be subject to tax and administrative audits. Any unfavourable judgment against 
the Group in relation to any legal or regulatory proceedings or claims, or the settlement thereof, could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group's reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and 
future prospects. 
Failures of regulatory compliance or business ethics could adversely affect the Group's reputation and 
operations 
The Group collaborates with a number of stakeholders (colleagues, customers, shareholders, partners, 
suppliers and contractors, etc.) and has broad customer and supplier bases. Many participants are involved 
within the Group's operations and services and products are procured through subcontractors at several 
levels. Despite procurement requirements that the Group has put in place, it is difficult for the Group to get 
an overview of its extended supply chain and there is a risk of activities occurring that violate the Group's 
values, breach its Code of Conduct, infringe human rights, involve corruption or breach regulations. There 
is also a risk that employees will commit such violations in their interactions with colleagues, customers 
and other actors. 
Such shortcomings in ethical standards and/or regulatory compliance could result in financial losses, 
sanctions from supervisory authorities, tarnished reputation and delisting of the Issuer's or Heimstaden 
Bostad's equity and/or the Group's debt securities. The realisation of such risks could adversely affect the 
Group's results and financial position. 
As a large player in the property industry, risks to the Group are also found in health and safety, corruption 
and human rights. These risks may be found internally in the Group as well as at suppliers and partners 
who work on behalf of the Group. This social responsibility risk could give rise to significant damage to 
the Group's reputation, result in legal or regulatory proceedings, could impact the Group's access to capital 
and could have a material negative impact on the Group's operations, earnings and financial position. 
Apartment renting and construction are highly competitive businesses 
Renting apartments is a highly competitive business in the markets in which the Group is present. The 
Group's main competitors in the rental apartments business are private households, municipalities, parishes, 
foundations and corporate investors. The competition for attractive plots has led to a steep increase in plot 
prices. Furthermore, an upward trend in construction usually increases construction prices, which, in turn, 
decreases the profitability of construction projects and delays the commencement of new projects. There 
can be no assurance that the Group can meet the intensifying competition on the apartment renting market. 
Increasing competition could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and future prospects. 
The Group's operations may contaminate the environment 
The Group must comply with all local regulations in relation to the environment and health and safety in 
respect of its properties. The main environmental impacts caused by the Group's operations relate to 
contaminated soil. Soil contamination can cause substantial delays and increase the cost of construction 
projects (including new construction as well as conversions and extensions). 
As the owner of the properties and land, the Group could be held liable for deterioration, damage, 
encumbrance or other hazardous causes originating from the operation of the properties. Any such event or 
material decrease in the value of the properties, or environmental issues that are not known or not 
recognisable at the time of the purchase or occurring at a later date, could have a material adverse effect on 
the business and financial condition of the Group.

--- Page 23 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 23 - 
70-41028024 
 
The Group has established an environmental policy and works actively to address environmental issues. 
Under legislation in many of the countries in which the Group operates, the party conducting an activity 
which has contributed to pollution is also responsible for treating it. If the party conducting the activity 
cannot carry out or pay for such treatment and the party acquiring the property was aware of, or should 
have discovered the pollution, then the acquirer is responsible for carrying out the treatment. Under 
legislation in certain countries in which the Group operates, the party conducting an activity which has 
contributed to pollution is responsible for treating it, along with any other person who is competent and 
actually able to prevent or limit a violation of such legislation (for example, the owner of property on which 
polluting activities were carried out). Under certain circumstances, previous owners and current owners can 
also be held liable for pollution. An acquirer may be required to observe restrictions on the use of land laid 
out in any "after-care plan" agreed pursuant to such legislation. 
The costs of any removal or clean up that may be necessary due to any deterioration, contamination, 
damage, encumbrance or hazardous materials may be higher than anticipated by the Group. Failure to 
comply with environmental regulations, or the need to comply with stricter new environmental regulations 
that may be introduced, could lead to higher costs or hinder the development of the Group's operations. 
There can be no assurance that the Group could not become liable for material environmental damage or 
other environmental liabilities in the future. Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Risks related to climate change could adversely affect the Group's operations 
From the perspective of the Group, climate change presents the risk of damage to property caused over time 
by altered weather conditions, rising sea levels and other changes in the physical environment that affect 
properties. As a property business, these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group compared 
with other businesses as the Group relies on its physical infrastructure to generate its income. For example, 
the Group owns properties in Denmark (of which a part of the portfolio is located in the region of Greater 
Copenhagen) that are situated near to the sea and climate change may cause damage to those buildings as 
a consequence of flooding. There is also a risk that certain construction materials may be unable to cope 
with the stresses that a changed climate involves. As climate change is ongoing, these risks could potentially 
increase in the long term. This could mean a greater need for investments in properties situated in vulnerable 
areas. Investments in the wrong type of measures for properties could lead to the risk of unprofitable 
investments if climate risk is not appropriately considered and failure to invest at all in mitigation measures 
could result in investments being written off. Climate change could also entail higher operating expenses. 
In addition, environmental-political decisions could affect the Group, not least in the form of higher taxes, 
energy costs or necessary investments. Moreover, increased climate related requirements imposed by 
investors, tenants and other stakeholders could also affect the Group. An inability to deliver on investors' 
criteria could negatively impact the Group's access to capital. As a real estate business, these risks could 
have a material adverse effect on the Group compared with other businesses as the Group relies on its 
physical infrastructure to produce its income. The Group also has portfolios concentrated in several cities 
across Europe (see "Description of Heimstaden Bostad – Investment Property Portfolio" below) and if 
climate change detrimentally impacts such cities then the value of such portfolios, and the earnings capacity 
from such portfolios, could reduce significantly. Moreover, the Group's business could also be affected by 
increased climate related requirements imposed by regulatory authorities, investors, tenants and other 
stakeholders, for example a requirement to reduce the Group's CO2 emissions. Any such changes or new 
requirements could adversely affect the Group's operations, results and financial position. 
Potential illiquidity of the property market could make it difficult for the Group to dispose of properties 
In accordance with its strategy, the Group makes selective divestments of properties. Such divestments may 
be affected by many factors beyond the Group's control, such as the availability of bank financing to 
potential buyers, interest rates and the supply of and demand for properties. A possible lack of liquidity in 
the property market may limit the Group's ability to sell its properties or modify its property portfolio in a 
timely manner in response to changes in economic or other conditions. Should the Group be required to 
divest part of its properties due to, for example, its inability to obtain financing, there can be no assurance 
that such divestments will be profitable or that such divestments will be possible at all, if the market 
functions inadequately or is illiquid. Unsuccessful divestments of properties could have a material adverse 
effect on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.

--- Page 24 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 24 - 
70-41028024 
 
Potential future acquisitions and recently completed acquisitions may contain inherent risks and could 
lead to overestimates and non-identification of all potential risks and liabilities 
Acquisition of properties constitutes a central part of the Group's business model. The acquisition of real 
estate requires, among other things, an analysis that is subject to a wide variety of factors, including 
subjective assessments and assumptions as to current and future prospects. It is possible that the Group may 
overestimate the potential of a real estate asset when making acquisition decisions or may base its decision 
on inaccurate information or assumptions that turn out to be incorrect. The Group may also underestimate 
the likelihood that a newly acquired real estate asset will require substantial renovation or capital repairs. 
Such errors may only become apparent at a later stage and force the Group to recognise fair value losses 
on its statement of financial position and income statement. 
Furthermore, the Group cannot guarantee that its due diligence when acquiring a real estate asset will 
uncover all the potential liabilities and risks related to the property (such as construction defects) or that it 
will have recourse to the seller of the property for the non-disclosure of such risks. Furthermore, 
acquisitions involving entire companies could result in additional company-specific risks that only 
materialise after closing. Official information in the public registers of some of the countries in which the 
Group has its operations or assets may not be accurate and complete. Thus, although the Group may have 
to rely upon the information contained in land registers, it may not have effective recourse against the 
government of the relevant country if the information upon which the Group relied in deciding whether or 
not to make an investment was inaccurate, misleading or incomplete. 
Furthermore, the Group may acquire properties in new jurisdictions and it may not be as familiar with the 
commercial, legal or regulatory environment as its current geographical markets. As a result, the Group 
may not be able to accurately judge its potential return on investment and such returns may be lower than 
expected and materially impact the financial position and income statement of the Group. 
Additionally, material acquisitions for the Group, such as the acquisition in 2019 of a Dutch property 
portfolio, in 2020 of a Czech property portfolio and in 2021 of property portfolios from Akelius Residential 
Property AB (publ) ("Akelius") in Germany, Sweden, and Denmark, may exacerbate any of the above risks 
given the large scale of the acquisitions relative to the size of the Group. 
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
System malfunctions in the Group's operations may decrease the efficiency and/or profitability of the 
Group's operations 
The Group's operations are dependent on information systems and on its ability to operate such information 
systems efficiently and to introduce new technologies, systems and safety and back-up systems. Such 
information systems include telecommunication systems as well as software applications that the Group 
uses to control business operations, manage its property portfolio and risks, prepare operating and financial 
reports and to execute treasury operations. The operation of the Group's information systems may be 
interrupted due to, among other things, power cuts, computer or telecommunication malfunctions, computer 
viruses, defaults by IT suppliers, crime targeted at information systems, such as security breaches and 
cyber-attacks from unauthorised persons outside and inside the Group, or major disasters, such as fires or 
natural disasters, as well as human error by the Group's own staff. Material interruptions or serious 
malfunctions in the operation of the information systems may impair and weaken the Group's business, 
financial condition and the profitability of its operations. The Group may also face difficulties when 
developing new systems and maintaining or updating current systems in order to maintain its 
competitiveness. In particular, malfunctions in its IT systems could delay the Group in issuing rental 
invoices to its customers and/or prevent the Group from renting available apartments. Materialisation of 
any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and future prospects. 
Incorrect or inadequate processing of sensitive information 
The Group processes and stores information and data of various kinds in both electronic and physical form, 
including data about tenants and, to the extent that it exists, insider information. Among other things, the 
Group processes personal data relating to employees, consultants and tenants. When the Group processes 
such data, it is of great importance that the processing takes place in accordance with, among other things,

--- Page 25 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 25 - 
70-41028024 
 
the local laws of each jurisdiction in which it operates and EU regulations, such as the General Data 
Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR"). For example, there are strict requirements for informing 
people about what personal data the Group processes and that this processing takes place in a manner that 
is consistent with the purpose for which the personal data was collected. If the Group processes this personal 
data inadequately, there is a risk that the Group will have to pay penalty fees for violations of, for example, 
GDPR as caused by such events. In addition, there is a risk that the Group will fail to properly handle 
confidential or sensitive information or that such information will be disclosed or made available to third 
parties as a result of, for example, data breaches or so-called extortion viruses or extortion programs 
(ransomware). If the Group fails to properly process personal data, breaches the GDPR or other applicable 
privacy law, does not comply with privacy provisions in its agreements or if confidential or sensitive 
information is disclosed or made available to third parties, it may have a material adverse effect on the 
Group's reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
The Group could incur losses not covered by, or exceeding the coverage limits of, its insurance 
The Group has insurance policies, for example, in respect of property, business interruption and liability 
for damages. However, it is difficult to obtain insurance policies for property that provide full coverage on 
various types of disasters, such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters and war. There are also other factors 
that may affect the chances of getting sufficient insurance compensation to make the Group whole 
following damage to insured properties, for example inflation, tax, changes in construction regulations and 
environmental concerns. The actual losses suffered by the Group could be material and exceed its insurance 
coverage, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results 
of operations. 
Interests of the Issuer's shareholders may conflict with those of the holders of the Notes 
The interests of the Issuer's shareholders, in certain circumstances, may conflict with those of the holders, 
particularly if the Issuer encounters financial difficulties or is unable to pay its debts when due. In addition, 
the Issuer's shareholders may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other 
transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments, even though such transactions 
might involve risks to the holders. Any of these actions could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Financial Risks 
The Group may not receive financing at competitive terms or at all and may fail in repaying/refinancing 
its existing debt 
Uncertainty in the financial markets or tightening regulation of banks could mean that the price of financing 
needed to carry out the Group's business (both the Issuer and Heimstaden Bostad) will increase and that 
such financing will be less readily available. As a result of the Group's intentions to raise additional debt 
from the capital markets, the Issuer is exposed to future adverse changes in those markets. The level of the 
Group's leverage may also affect its ability to refinance its existing debt, which, in turn, could also affect 
its competitiveness and limit its ability to react to market conditions and economic downturns. 
The Group conducts continual discussions with banks and credit institutions aimed at securing its long-
term financing (in regard to both the Issuer and Heimstaden Bostad). The Group cooperates closely with a 
handful of lenders in order to secure its long-term capital requirements. However, no assurance can be given 
that the Group may not have difficulty in raising new debt, repaying its existing debt or fulfilling its equity 
ratio target in the future. Any failure to repay the principal or pay interest in respect of the Group's existing 
debt, the inability to refinance existing debt, or to raise new debt at corresponding or more favourable 
financial and other terms than currently in force, could have a material adverse effect on the Group's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Risks posed by the Group's financing model 
The Group is financed through equity and interest-bearing debt as well as its cashflows. A large part of the 
Group's interest-bearing debt is borrowed or issued by the Group's subsidiaries, which means that the 
financial risks in the Group are to a large extent attributable to its subsidiaries. A large part of such long-
term financing on the subsidiary level consists of bilateral credit facilities. There are certain obligations 
under such credit facilities on maintaining, for example, certain interest cover ratios and certain loan to

--- Page 26 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 26 - 
70-41028024 
 
value ratios. This means that the creditors of the subsidiaries could be entitled to demand repayment in 
advance of the creditors of the Issuer, if the relevant Group subsidiaries do not fulfil such obligations. If 
such a demand is made, it could adversely affect the Issuer's financial position. For further information see 
"Description of Heimstaden Bostad – Finance and Capital Structure – Funding Strategy". 
A minor portion of the Group's interest bearing debt is in the form of commercial paper, which in contrast 
to the Group's long term debt would be the first to face liquidity constraints in times of economic turmoil, 
which could result in there being no market for the Group to issue new commercial paper. If the market for 
commercial paper is negatively impacted and this coincides with insufficient liquidity in the banking sector 
to honour its back-up liquidity facilities commitments, the Group may not be able to refinance when due 
on acceptable terms, or at all. 
The Group is dependent on the Issuer's and Heimstaden Bostad's long-term credit ratings to pursue its 
financing strategy 
The Issuer's ability to have access to funding is partly reliant on its long-term credit rating from a major 
credit rating agency. The Issuer currently has a long-term credit rating of BB+ (outlook stable) from Fitch. 
There is a risk that Fitch will downgrade the Issuer’s long-term credit rating, for instance if the Issuer were 
to fail to maintain a satisfactory indebtedness and/or liquidity profile. If such a risk were to be realised, it 
would be difficult for the Issuer to pursue its current financial strategy, which would have an adverse effect 
on the Group’s financial prospects and future opportunities. 
As part of its strategy to increase presence on the international capital markets in the future through the 
issuance of unsecured bonds and notes, Heimstaden Bostad has sought and received a long-term rating of 
BBB (outlook stable) from both S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. If 
Heimstaden Bostad's long-term credit rating were to be downgraded, future issuances of unsecured bonds 
and notes by the Group may become significantly more expensive or may not be possible in the targeted 
amounts. S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited and/or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited could downgrade 
Heimstaden Bostad's long-term credit rating if, for example, Heimstaden Bostad's secured leverage 
(secured debt divided by total assets) were to exceed certain levels, or Heimstaden Bostad's effective 
leverage (adjusted total debt divided by total assets) or fixed charge cover ratios were to exceed certain 
levels, both on a sustainable basis, or Heimstaden Bostad was unable to maintain an adequate liquidity 
profile at all times. The Group's total assets value is largely based on the value of its property portfolio and 
any significant decline in property values could impact the Group's credit metrics and therefore could result 
in a decrease in its long-term credit rating. See further "Risk Factors – Decrease in fair value of the Group's 
properties will result in revaluation losses" and "Risk Factors – Property valuation is subjective and 
uncertain to a certain extent". 
If any of the risks described above were to materialise, it would be more difficult for the Group to pursue 
its current financing strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
The Group's financings/insurance arrangements and operations involve counterparty risk 
Financial institutions are counterparties to the Group's long-term bank loans and insurance arrangements. 
During the financial crisis starting in 2007-2008, many banks and insurance companies in the United States 
and Europe experienced financial difficulties, resulting in numerous mergers, acquisitions and bankruptcies 
among financial institutions, including government takeovers of certain financial institutions. The Group's 
principal counterparties in financing transactions are financial institutions which have avoided serious 
financial problems. However, there is no assurance that the Group's financing or insurance counterparties 
will not experience any financial difficulties in the future. 
Furthermore, the Group is reliant on its tenants to pay rent as contracted, otherwise it could face difficulties 
with liquidity if a substantial number of tenants failed to pay rent as contracted. The Group actively manages 
credit risk by requiring rent to be paid in advance for the majority of its rental contracts and its focus on 
residential letting ensures a large and diversified base of tenants which further minimises credit risk. 
However, it cannot be guaranteed that there will not in future be substantial defaults by the Group's tenants. 
See further "Risk Factors – Negative economic developments and conditions in Europe may affect the 
Group's operations and customers, as well as the prices of the Group's real property and tenant-owned 
apartments" and "Risk Factors – Risks relating to Covid-19".

--- Page 27 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 27 - 
70-41028024 
 
If the Group's counterparties were to experience financial difficulties it could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. A prolongation of 
the outbreak of Covid-19 would accentuate this risk. 
Fluctuations in interest rates may adversely affect the Group's business 
Interest costs are one of the Group's largest cost items. Interest rate fluctuations affect the Group's profits 
through changes in interest expenses and the market values of interest rate hedging. As at 31 December 
2021, 77% of the Group's loans were fixed interest rate loans or floating rate loans hedged with interest rate 
derivatives. Further, fluctuations in interest rates may affect the Group's rental apartment business and the 
valuation of its properties. Although a significant increase in interest rates may considerably affect house 
owners' ability to pay interest on housing loans, it may also affect private consumption and decrease the 
value of properties. In addition, an increase in the interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the 
cost of financing and the Group's current financing expenses. 
The Group uses interest rate derivatives to manage the interest rate risk relating to its floating interest rates 
risk, but may fail in managing its interest rate risk properly. The interest rate derivatives are reported at fair 
value in the balance sheet and with changes in value in the profit and loss account. As the market interest 
rates change, a theoretical over or under value on the interest rate derivatives can occur, however, this does 
not affect the cash flow. At the end of the term, the value of the derivatives is always zero. The derivative 
constitutes a hedging against higher interest rates, but it also means that the market value of the Issuer's 
interest rate derivatives decreases if the market interest rates decrease, which in turn has a negative impact 
on the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations. In the event a negative value of a derivative is 
realised it will have a negative effect on the liquidity of the Issuer. 
Materialisation of any of the above risks could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect the Group's profit and property value 
The Issuer and the Group are each, respectively, exposed to indirect foreign exchange translation risk due 
to its investment in countries outside Sweden. 
The currency rate risk arises primarily when the balance sheets of non-Swedish subsidiaries of the Group 
are consolidated in the Group's balance sheet. The Group reports in SEK and all items in the balance sheet 
that are not denominated in SEK (including items for non-Swedish properties as well as all income and 
expenses generated by them and liabilities in currencies other than SEK) are converted to SEK. The Group 
uses cross-currency swaps to manage foreign exchange risks resulting from its issuances of securities 
denominated in EUR. Thus, when converting foreign items to SEK, a currency rate risk could arise. Should 
these risks develop negatively, it could have a material adverse effect on the Group's financial position, 
earnings and future prospects. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET 
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such 
features: 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which 
achieves a similar effective return. 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above 
the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to

--- Page 28 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 28 - 
70-41028024 
 
do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Notes may be subject to redemption upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event. 
The use of proceeds of certain Notes issued under the Programme may be used to finance the acquisition 
of an Acquisition Target specified in the applicable Final Terms. Condition 7.5 (Redemption upon the 
occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (Special Redemption Event Call)) includes a redemption feature 
which, if selected as applicable in the Final Terms for a Series of Notes, will allow such Notes to be 
redeemed by the Issuer (on either an optional or mandatory basis, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (namely that the Issuer: (i) has not completed and 
closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target by the Special Redemption Longstop Date; or (ii) has 
published an announcement that it no longer intends to pursue the acquisition of the Acquisition Target, as 
further described in Condition 7.5 (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event 
(Special Redemption Event Call)) and the applicable Final Terms). 
If the Notes are redeemed following the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event, Noteholders may not 
obtain their expected return on such Notes and may not be able to reinvest the proceeds of such redemption 
in an investment that results in a comparable return. 
If a Special Redemption Event does not occur then Noteholders shall not have any right to require the 
redemption of their Notes and nor will any such right arise if, between the issue date of the Notes and the 
acquisition of the Acquisition Target, the Group or the Acquisition Target experiences any changes in its 
business or financial condition or if the terms of the acquisition of the Acquisition Target change. Whether 
or not the special redemption provision is ultimately triggered, it may adversely affect trading prices during 
the Special Optional Redemption Period for the Notes that include a Special Redemption Event Call. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such 
"benchmarks" 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the Copenhagen Interbank 
Offered Rate ("CIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Norwegian Interbank 
Offered Rate ("NIBOR") and the Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate ("STIBOR")) are the subject of recent 
national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause 
such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences 
which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked 
to or referencing such a benchmark. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. 
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
Benchmarks Regulation") among other things, applies to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a 
benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised entities of benchmarks of 
administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a 
material impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or 
other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, 
have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of 
the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of 
a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 29 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 29 - 
70-41028024 
 
Specifically, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, among other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, among other things, 
that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may 
increase the risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group 
published its recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks (including CIBOR, 
EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR): (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to such benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark 
and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other 
consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing or 
otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of Notes and the Agency Agreement provide for certain fallback arrangements 
in the event that an Original Reference Rate and/or any screen page on which an Original Reference Rate 
may be published (or any other successor page) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions) otherwise occurs. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the 
Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions), with or without the application of an Adjustment Spread and may include 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or 
alternative benchmark, all as determined by an Independent Advisor (acting in good faith). The use of a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (with the application of an Adjustment Spread) will still result in any 
Notes linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to 
apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate or (in either case) 
Adjustment Spread is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest 
for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being 
used (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applies to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in 
place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, 
the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is 
a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or 
any of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion 
of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change 
of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders. Where the Notes convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then 
prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new 
floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. Where the Notes convert from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the relevant Notes.

--- Page 30 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 30 - 
70-41028024 
 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response 
to changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium 
to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices 
for more conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of certain material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The claims of holders of the Notes are structurally subordinated 
As is usual for property companies, the Group's operations are principally conducted through subsidiaries. 
Accordingly, the Issuer is, and will be, dependent on its subsidiaries' operations to service its payment 
obligations in respect of the Notes. For more information see "Risk Factors – The Issuer is a holding 
company; it is reliant on dividend and group contribution upstreaming ". 
The Notes are structurally subordinated to the claims of all holders of debt securities and other creditors, 
including trade creditors, of the Issuer's subsidiaries, and structurally and/or effectively subordinated to the 
extent of the value of collateral to all the Issuer's and its subsidiaries' secured creditors. The Notes issued 
by the Issuer will not be guaranteed by any of the Issuer's subsidiaries or any other company or person. In 
the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, liquidation, reorganisation, dissolution or winding up of the 
business of any of the Issuer's subsidiaries, unsecured creditors of such subsidiaries, secured creditors and 
obligations that may be preferred by provisions of law that are mandatory and of general application will 
generally have the right to be paid in full before any distribution is made to the Issuer. As at 31 December 
2021, the book value of interest-bearing debt of the Group was SEK 176,506 million. 
The Notes will be effectively subordinated to any of the Issuer's existing secured and future secured 
indebtedness 
The Notes are unsecured obligations of the Issuer. The Notes are, therefore, effectively subordinated to the 
Issuer's existing secured indebtedness and future secured indebtedness. Accordingly, holders of the Issuer's 
secured indebtedness will have claims that are superior to the claims of Noteholders to the extent of the 
value of the assets securing such other indebtedness. In the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or dissolution 
of the Issuer, the assets that serve as collateral for any secured indebtedness of the Issuer would be available 
to satisfy the obligations under the secured indebtedness before any payments are made on the Notes. Other 
than as set out in Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge) and Condition 4.2(c) (Limitations on Interest Bearing 
Financial Liabilities), the Conditions do not prohibit the Issuer from incurring and securing future 
indebtedness. To the extent that the Issuer were to secure any of its future indebtedness, to the extent not 
required to secure the Notes in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed governing the Notes, the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the Notes would be effectively subordinated to such secured indebtedness to the 
extent of the value of the security securing such indebtedness. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent 
of all investors and confer significant discretions on the Trustee, which may be exercised without the 
consent of the Noteholders and without regard to the individual interests of particular Noteholders. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a video conference platform) of Noteholders to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not 
attend and vote at the relevant meeting or, as the case may be, did not sign the written resolution or give 
their consent electronically, and including those Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the 
majority. For more information as to these provisions, see Condition 16.1 (Meetings of Noteholders). 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes also provide that the Trustee may, without the consent of 
Noteholders and without regard to the interests of particular Noteholders, agree to (i) any modification of, 
or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the provisions of the Notes or 
(ii) determine without the consent of the Noteholders that any Event of Default or potential Event of Default

--- Page 31 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 31 - 
70-41028024 
 
shall not be treated as such or (iii) the substitution of another company as principal debtor under any Notes 
in place of the Issuer, in the circumstances described in Condition 15 (Substitution). 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in law or administrative practice. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with such Notes are governed by English law, except that the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS 
as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, VPS Notes are governed by 
Norwegian law, each in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law, 
Norwegian law or administrative practice in either jurisdiction after the date of this Base Prospectus and 
any such change could materially adversely impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral 
multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading 
such amounts, holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account 
with the relevant clearing system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first 
purchasing a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that 
its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant 
clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should 
definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the 
minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
Enforceability of judgments 
The UK left the EU on 31 January 2020. Negotiations are ongoing to determine the future terms of the UK's 
relationship with the EU, including the terms of trade between the UK and the EU. 
The Issuer has submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of England in the conditions of the Notes. As at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, and since the end of the transition period of the UK's withdrawal from the 
EU, a final judgment in civil or commercial matters obtained in the courts of England against the Issuer, 
which is enforceable in the UK, will, in principle, neither be recognised nor enforceable in Sweden and the 
Noteholders would be required to re-litigate in the courts of Sweden. However, if any Noteholder brings a 
new action in a competent court in Sweden, the final judgment rendered in an English court may be 
submitted to the Swedish court, but will only be regarded as evidence of the outcome of the dispute to 
which it relates, and the Swedish court has full discretion to rehear the dispute ab initio. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell their Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.

--- Page 32 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 32 - 
70-41028024 
 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an 
investment in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer or the Notes. The 
ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating 
agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction 
will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless 
the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EEA-registered credit rating agency or the relevant third 
country rating agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or 
certification, as the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions 
that apply in certain circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the 
ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of 
the relevant rating agency included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory 
measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, 
UK regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued 
by third country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by 
a UK registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK 
registration, certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, 
and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for 
a certain limited period of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in 
the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the 
UK CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory 
purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, 
which may impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. Certain information 
with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor's home currency, they will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of their holding. In addition, the 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on 
the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the 
Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect 
of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal.

--- Page 33 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 33 - 
70-41028024 
 
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 34 - 
70-41028024 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this 
Base Prospectus and have been filed with the CBI shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
(a) 
The independent auditor's report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer 
including the notes thereto which are contained in the annual report of the Issuer in respect of the 
financial year ended 31 December 2021. This document is available for viewing on the following 
website: 
Annual Report 2021: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/819094337/files/doc_financials/2021/ar/Heimstaden-Annual-Report-
2021.pdf 
(b) 
The independent auditor's report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer 
including the notes thereto which are contained in the annual report of the Issuer in respect of the 
financial year ended 31 December 2020. This document is available for viewing on the following 
website: 
Annual Report 2020: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/819094337/files/doc_downloads/2022/02/22/Heimstaden_annual_report_2
020.pdf 
(c) 
The independent auditor's report and audited consolidated annual financial statements of 
Heimstaden Bostad including the notes thereto which are contained in the annual report of 
Heimstaden Bostad in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2021. This document is 
available for viewing on the following website: 
Annual Report 2021: 
https://s28.q4cdn.com/551253430/files/doc_financials/2021/ar/Heimstaden-Bostad-Annual-
Report-2021.pdf 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CBI in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained 
in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
It should be noted that, except as set forth above, no other portion of the above documents is incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. In addition, where sections of any of the above documents which 
are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus cross-reference other sections of the same 
document, such cross-referenced information shall not form part of this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise 
incorporated by reference herein. Those parts of the documents incorporated by reference which are not 
specifically incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective 
investors or the information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 35 - 
70-41028024 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Series will be in bearer form, with or without interest coupons attached, or registered 
form, without interest coupons attached or, in the case of VPS Notes, uncertificated book entry form. Notes 
will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation 
S"). 
Bearer Notes 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary 
global note (a "Temporary Bearer Global Note") or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global note (a "Permanent Bearer Global Note" and, together with a Temporary Bearer Global 
Note, each a "Bearer Global Note") which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note ("NGN") form, as stated in 
the applicable Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a 
common safekeeper (the "Common Safekeeper") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"); and 
(b) 
if the Bearer Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to 
the original issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Bearer Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Bearer Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Bearer Global Notes are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Bearer Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Bearer Note is represented by a Temporary Bearer Global Note, payments of principal, interest 
(if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined 
below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Bearer Global Note if the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be 
provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in the Temporary Bearer Global Note are not 
U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after a Temporary Bearer Global Note is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request 
as described therein either for (i) interests in a Permanent Bearer Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for 
definitive Bearer Notes of the same Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Bearer Notes, to such notice 
period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial 
ownership as described above unless such certification has already been given, provided that purchasers 
in the United States and certain U.S. persons will not be able to receive definitive Bearer Notes. The holder 
of a Temporary Bearer Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Bearer 
Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Bearer Global Note or for definitive Bearer Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case 
may be) of the Permanent Bearer Global Note if the Permanent Bearer Global Note is not intended to be 
issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification.

--- Page 36 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 36 - 
70-41028024 
 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Bearer Global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Bearer Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons 
and talons attached upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" 
means that (i) an Event of Default (as defined in Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement)) has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in 
fact done so and no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the Issuer has 
or will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented 
by the Permanent Bearer Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to such effect signed by two 
Directors of the Issuer is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of 
an interest in such Permanent Bearer Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Principal Paying 
Agent requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) 
above, the Issuer may also give notice to the Principal Paying Agent requesting exchange. Any such 
exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the 
Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Bearer Notes (other than Temporary Bearer Global Notes) and 
interest coupons relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Bearer Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in 
respect of any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Bearer Notes 
or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Bearer Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Registered Notes 
The Registered Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a global note in registered form (a 
"Registered Global Note"). 
Registered Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, if the Registered Global Notes are 
to be held under the new safe-keeping structure (the "NSS"), a common safekeeper, as the case may be for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, and registered in the name of the nominee for the Common 
Depositary of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or in the name of a nominee of the common 
safekeeper, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. Persons holding beneficial interests in Registered 
Global Notes will be entitled or required, as the case may be, under the circumstances described below, to 
receive physical delivery of definitive Notes in fully registered form. 
Where the Registered Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche is intended to be held under the NSS, 
the applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not such Registered Global Notes are intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the Registered Global 
Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any time during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The common safekeeper for a Registered Global Note held under the NSS 
will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payments of principal, interest and any other amount in respect of the Registered Global Notes will, in the 
absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the person shown on the Register (as defined in Condition 
6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) as the registered holder of the Registered Global Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 37 - 
70-41028024 
 
None of the Issuer, any Paying Agent, the Trustee or the Registrar will have any responsibility or liability 
for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of beneficial ownership 
interests in the Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating 
to such beneficial ownership interests. 
Payments of principal, interest or any other amount in respect of the Registered Notes in definitive form 
will, in the absence of provision to the contrary, be made to the persons shown on the Register on the 
relevant Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.4 (Payments in respect of Registered Notes)) immediately 
preceding the due date for payment in the manner provided in that Condition. 
Interests in a Registered Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in part, for 
definitive Registered Notes without interest coupons or talons attached only upon the occurrence of an 
Exchange Event. For these purposes, "Exchange Event" means that (i) an Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have 
been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in 
any such case, no successor clearing system satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) the Issuer has or 
will become subject to adverse tax consequences which would not be suffered were the Notes represented 
by the Registered Global Note in definitive form and a certificate to that effect signed by two Directors of 
the Issuer is given to the Trustee. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs. In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any person acting on their behalf (acting on the instructions 
of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Note) or the Trustee may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange and, in the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described in (iii) above, 
the Issuer may also give notice to the Registrar requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not 
later than 10 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
No beneficial owner of an interest in a Registered Global Note will be able to transfer such interest, except 
in accordance with the applicable procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, in each case to 
the extent applicable. 
VPS Notes 
Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form. Legal title 
to the VPS Notes will be evidenced by book entries in the records of Euronext VPS. On the issue of such 
VPS Notes, the Issuer will send a letter to the Trustee, the Agent and the VPS Agent (the "VPS Letter"), 
which letter will set out the terms of the relevant issue of VPS Notes in the form of a Final Terms attached 
thereto. On delivery of a copy of such VPS Letter including the relevant Final Terms to Euronext VPS and 
notification to Euronext VPS of the subscribers and their VPS account details by the relevant Dealer, the 
VPS Agent will credit each subscribing account holder with Euronext VPS with a nominal amount of VPS 
Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS will take place two 
Oslo business days after the date of the relevant transaction. Transfers of interests in the relevant VPS Notes 
will only take place in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euronext VPS. 
VPS Notes may not be exchanged for Notes in bearer or registered form and vice versa. 
The VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 March 2019 
no. 6 which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian law, and, to the extent applicable, 
the Norwegian Securities Register Act of 5 July 2002 no. 64, as amended from time to time, and the holders 
of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights and subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under 
this act and any related regulations and legislation. 
The registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as the recording and transfer of ownership to, and 
other interests in, VPS Notes will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes"), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a 
single Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the

--- Page 38 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 38 - 
70-41028024 
 
Notes of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the 
common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the 
Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution 
compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such 
Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS shall, whenever 
the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the Trustee, 
having become bound so to proceed, fails or is unable to do so within 60 days, and the failure or inability 
shall be continuing. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer and the Trustee, as applicable, that Notes may be issued in a form 
not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, in which event a new Base Prospectus will be 
made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 39 - 
70-41028024 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means 
a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as 
amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a "retail investor" means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act (2000) ("FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor 
as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020 Revised 
Edition) (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital 
markets products"]/[capital markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined 
in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018).]

--- Page 40 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 40 - 
70-41028024 
 
 
[Date] 
Heimstaden AB (publ)  
(incorporated with limited liability in Sweden) 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300WD2QBD89VBPV88 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €4,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 16 March 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated 
[date] [and [date]]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation")]/[the Prospectus Regulation] (the "Base Prospectus"). [This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading 
as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext Dublin") at https://live.euronext.com/.]1 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics 
denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination 
may need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.] 
1. 
 Issuer: 
Heimstaden AB (publ) 
2. 
 (a) 
Series Number: 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[   ] 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes 
will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 25 below, which is expected to occur on 
or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
3. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[   ] 
4. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[   ] 
5. 
 Issue Price: 
[   ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
 (a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[   ] 
 
1  
Delete where the Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA nor offered in 
the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 41 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 41 - 
70-41028024 
 
 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
 
(Note – where Bearer multiple denominations above 
€100,000 or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
 
 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].") 
 
(b) 
Calculation 
Amount 
(in 
relation to calculation of 
interest for Notes in global 
form see Conditions): 
[   ] 
 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7. 
 (a) 
Issue Date: 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
8. 
 Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year] 
9. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[   ]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[[ 
 
 ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR]] +/- [   ]% Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
 
(see paragraph [15]/[16]/[17]below) 
10. 
 Redemption Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at 100% of their nominal amount 
11. 
 Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 and 16 
below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
12. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[Issuer Par Call] 
[Special Redemption Event Call] 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
 
 
[(see paragraphs [17 to 25] below)] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 42 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 42 - 
70-41028024 
 
13. 
 (a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
 
(b) 
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[   ]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
 Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[   ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) 
for Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(d) 
Broken 
Amount(s) 
for 
Notes in definitive form 
(and in relation to Notes in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [   ]][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[   ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA). In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon) 
 
(g) 
Step Up Rating Change 
and/or Step Down Rating 
Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(h) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[   ]% per annum] 
15. 
 Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[   ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]

--- Page 43 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 43 - 
70-41028024 
 
 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[   ] 
 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount 
/ 
Calculation 
Agent (if not the Agent): 
[   ] 
 
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[ 
 
 ] 
month 
[EURIBOR/CIBOR/STIBOR/ 
NIBOR] 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
 
(Second day on which the TARGET2 System is open 
prior to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR, 
second Copenhagen business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if CIBOR, second Stockholm 
business day prior to the start of each Interest Period 
if STIBOR and second Oslo business day prior to the 
start of each Interest Period if NIBOR) 
 
• 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[   ] 
 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate or 
amend the fallback provisions appropriately) 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][   ]% per annum 
 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum 
 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[   ]% per annum 
 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
 
(m) 
Step Up Rating Change 
and/or Step Down Rating 
Change: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(n) 
Step Up Margin: 
[[   ]% per annum] 
16. 
 Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 44 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 44 - 
70-41028024 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[   ]% per annum 
 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[   ] 
 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in 
relation 
to 
Early 
Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
[Actual/365] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. 
 Notice periods for Condition 7.2: 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
18. 
 Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[   ] per Calculation Amount][Spens Amount][Make-
whole Amount][Full Value Redemption Amount] 
 
(A) 
Reference Bond 
[   ] 
 
(B) 
Redemption 
Margin 
[   ] 
 
(C) 
Quotation Time 
[   ] 
 
(c) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(d) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
 
 
 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
19. 
 Issuer Par Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 45 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 45 - 
70-41028024 
 
 
(a) 
Par Call Period: 
From (and including) [   ] (the "Par Call Period 
Commencement Date") to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
 
(b) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
20. 
 Special Redemption Event Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(Consideration should be given by the Issuer as to 
whether a supplement to the Base Prospectus is 
required prior to the inclusion of the Special 
Redemption Event Call) 
 
 
(a) 
Basis of the Call: 
[Mandatory]/[Optional] 
 
(b) 
Acquisition Target: 
[   ] 
 
(c) 
Special 
Redemption 
Longstop Date: 
[   ] 
 
(d) 
Special 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] 
 
(e) 
Special 
Optional 
Redemption Period: 
[   ] / [The period from [[   ]/ [the Issue Date]] to [   ]/the 
Special Redemption Longstop Date] 
 
(f) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
21. 
 Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Date(s): 
[   ] 
 
(b) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 46 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 46 - 
70-41028024 
 
 
(c) 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
(N.B. Clearing systems require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days' notice to process a put 
option) 
22. 
 Change of Control Put 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Change of Control Redemption 
Amount: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
 Final Redemption Amount: 
[ 
 
 ] 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
(The Final Redemption Amount is to be no less than at 
par value) 
24. 
 Early Redemption Amount payable 
on redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default: 
[   ] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
 Clean-Up Call 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Clean-Up Call Amount: 
[Par Clean-Up Call Amount][Price Based Clean-Up 
Call Amount] 
 
Notice Periods: 
Minimum period: [   ] days 
Maximum period: [   ] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days' notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Principal Paying Agent or Trustee.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
 Form of Notes: 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Bearer Notes: [Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in

--- Page 47 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 47 - 
70-41028024 
 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20052] 
 
 
(N.B. The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 7 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].".)] 
 
 
[Registered Notes: 
 
 
Global Note registered in the name of a nominee for 
[a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg][a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg]] 
[VPS Notes: 
VPS Notes issued in uncertificated and dematerialised 
book entry form] 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No] 
 
(c) 
New 
Safekeeping 
Structure: 
[Yes][No] 
27. 
 Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraphs 16(c) relates) 
28. 
 Talons for future Coupons to be 
attached to Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of Heimstaden AB (publ): 
By: ........................................................... 
Duly authorised 
 
2 
Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 48 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 48 - 
70-41028024 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[the Regulated Market of Euronext Dublin] / [the 
Oslo Stock Exchange's Regulated Market (Oslo 
Børs)] and listing on the [official list of the 
Euronext Dublin] / [the Oslo Stock Exchange's 
Regulated Market (Oslo Børs)] with effect from 
[   ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the Regulated Market of Euronext 
Dublin] / [the Oslo Stock Exchange's Regulated 
Market (Oslo Børs)] and listing on the [official list 
of Euronext Dublin] / [the Oslo Stock Exchange's 
Regulated Market (Oslo Børs)] with effect from 
[   ].] 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
[Not Applicable] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[   ] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[have not 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]: 
 
[insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms]. 
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union/United Kingdom and is registered 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as 
amended) (the "CRA Regulation") 
 
[add details of any endorsement under the UK CRA 
Regulation] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the

--- Page 49 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 49 - 
70-41028024 
 
offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
[The Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds from 
this offer of Notes for general corporate purposes.] 
/ [   ] / [The Issuer intends to apply an amount equal 
to the net proceeds from this offer of Notes for 
acquisition consideration, directly or indirectly, in 
whole or in part, and related fees in respect of the 
acquisition of the Acquisition Target[.][, although 
if the Special Redemption Event occurs but the 
Issuer elects not to exercise the Special 
Redemption Event Call, the Issuer intends to apply 
the net proceeds from this offer of Notes for 
general corporate purposes. (only if the Basis of the 
Call is specified as Optional)] 
5. 
ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[   ] 
6. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
Indication of yield: 
[   ] 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield. 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[   ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[   ] 
(iii) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
[Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg / Euronext VPS] 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(iv) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any) or, in the case of VPS Notes, 
the VPS Agent: 
[   ] 
(vi) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper[, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as common 
safekeeper] [include this text for Registered Notes 
which are to be held under the NSS] and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised

--- Page 50 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 50 - 
70-41028024 
 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper[, and registered 
in the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs 
acting as common safekeeper][include this text for 
Registered Notes]. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
If 
non-syndicated, 
name 
of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
D/TEFRA C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared in 
the EEA, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute "packaged" products and 
no key information document will be prepared in 
the UK, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 51 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 51 - 
70-41028024 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will 
be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to 
"Applicable Final Terms" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such 
terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
The following are also the terms and conditions which will be applicable to each VPS Note. VPS Notes will 
not be evidenced by any physical note or document of title other than statements of account made by 
Euronext VPS. Ownership of VPS Notes will be recorded and transfer effected only through the book entry 
system and register maintained by Euronext VPS. The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions 
thereof) will be, in the case of VPS Notes, deemed to apply to any such Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Heimstaden AB (publ) (the "Issuer") 
constituted by a trust deed dated 16 March 2022 (such trust deed as modified and/or supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time, the "Trust Deed") made between the Issuer and Deutsche Trustee Company 
Limited (the "Trustee", which expression shall include any successor as Trustee). 
References herein to the "Notes" shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a "Global Note"), units of each Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency; 
(b) 
any Global Note; 
(c) 
any definitive Notes in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") issued in exchange for a Global Note in 
bearer form; 
(d) 
any definitive Notes in registered form ("Registered Notes") (whether or not issued in exchange 
for a Global Note in registered form); and 
(e) 
Notes cleared through the Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
(trading as Euronext Securities Oslo) ("VPS Notes" and "Euronext VPS", respectively). 
The Notes (other than the VPS Notes) and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an agency 
agreement dated 16 March 2022 (such agency agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated 
from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") and made between the Issuer, the Trustee, Nordea Bank Abp, 
filial i Norge, Issuer Service as VPS Agent (the "VPS Agent"), Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as 
issuing and principal paying agent and agent bank (the "Principal Paying Agent", which expression shall 
include any successor principal paying agent) and transfer agent (the "Transfer Agent", which expression 
shall include any additional or successor transfer agents), the other paying agents named therein (together 
with the Principal Paying Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents), and Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. as registrar (the "Registrar", which 
expression shall include any successor registrar). The Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar, the Paying 
Agents and the Transfer Agents are together referred to as the "Agents". 
The VPS Notes have the benefit of a VPS agency agreement dated 16 March 2022 (such VPS agency 
agreement as modified and/or amended and/or restated from time to time, the "VPS Agency Agreement") 
made between the Issuer and the VPS Agent. Each Tranche of VPS Notes will be created and held in 
uncertificated book entry form in accounts with Euronext VPS. The VPS Agent will act as agent of the 
Issuer in respect of all dealings with Euronext VPS in respect of VPS Notes as detailed in the VPS Agency 
Agreement and will also act as calculation agent in respect of the VPS Notes. References to the 
"Calculation Agent" shall be to the VPS Agent in respect of VPS Notes, the Principal Paying Agent in 
respect of Notes (other than VPS Notes) or as may be separately specified in the relevant Final Terms (such 
expression shall include any successor or alternative Calculation Agent that may be appointed). 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
(except in the case of VPS Notes) attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and

--- Page 52 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 52 - 
70-41028024 
 
Conditions (the "Conditions"). References to the "applicable Final Terms" are, unless otherwise stated, 
to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Interest bearing definitive Bearer Notes have interest coupons ("Coupons") and, in the case of Bearer Notes 
which, when issued in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further 
Coupons ("Talons") attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the 
context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Registered Notes and 
Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the holders for the time being of the Notes (the "Noteholders", which 
expression shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, and in relation to VPS Notes, be 
construed as provided below) and the holders of the Coupons (the "Couponholders", which expression 
shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons), in accordance with the 
provisions of the Trust Deed. Any reference to "Noteholders" or "holders" in relation to any Notes shall 
mean (in the case of Bearer Notes) the holders of the Notes and (in the case of Registered Notes) the persons 
in whose name the Notes are registered in the register and shall, in relation to any VPS Notes or Notes 
represented by a global Note, be construed as provided below. VPS Notes are in dematerialised form: any 
references in these Conditions to Coupons and Talons shall not apply to VPS Notes and no global or 
definitive Notes will be issued in respect thereof. These Conditions shall be construed accordingly. 
As used herein, "Tranche" means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and "Series" means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms 
and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of 
the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
Copies of the Trust Deed (i) are available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at the 
principal office for the time being of the Trustee being at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, 
London EC2N 2DB, United Kingdom and at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may 
be provided by email to a Noteholder following their prior written request to the Trustee, any Paying Agents 
or the Issuer and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee, the relevant 
Paying Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be). If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of Euronext Dublin the applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of Euronext Dublin. 
Copies of the VPS Agency Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the 
specified office for the time being of the VPS Agent at Essendrops gate 7, N-0368, Oslo, Norway. The 
Noteholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the VPS Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms which are applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject 
to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and the VPS Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the VPS Agency Agreement, or 
used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the 
context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated and provided that, in the event of inconsistency 
between (i) the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed will prevail, (ii) the Trust Deed or 
the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail, (iii) VPS 
Agency Agreement and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, "euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form or in registered form or, in the case of VPS Notes, in uncertificated 
book entry form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Notes, 
serially numbered, in the currency (the "Specified Currency") and the denominations (the 
"Specified Denomination(s) ") specified in the applicable Final Terms. Notes of one Specified 
Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Bearer Notes 
may not be exchanged for Registered Notes and vice versa. VPS Notes may not be exchanged for 
Bearer Notes or Registered Notes and vice versa. This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating 
Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 53 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 53 - 
70-41028024 
 
Definitive Bearer Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Bearer Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery and title to 
the Registered Notes will pass upon registration of transfers in accordance with the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement. The Issuer, the Trustee and any Agent will (except as otherwise required 
by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Bearer Note or Coupon and the registered holder of any 
Registered Note as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. The holder of a VPS Note will be the person evidenced as such by a book 
entry in the records of Euronext VPS. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each 
person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount 
of such Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any 
person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant Bearer Global Note or 
the registered holder of the relevant Registered Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, the 
Trustee and any Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of 
Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
In determining whether a particular person is entitled to a particular nominal amount of Notes as 
aforesaid, the Trustee may rely on such evidence and/or information and/or certification as it shall, 
in its absolute discretion, think fit and, if it does so rely, such evidence and/or information and/or 
certification shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all concerned. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note and VPS Notes will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, and/or Euronext VPS, as the case may be. References to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed 
to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Title to the VPS Notes will pass by registration in Euronext VPS between the direct or indirect 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with applicable law and the rules and procedures 
of Euronext VPS that are in force from time to time. Where a nominee is so evidenced, it shall be 
treated by the Issuer, the Trustee, any Agent and the VPS Agent as the holder of the relevant VPS 
Note. Each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euronext VPS as the holder 
of a particular nominal amount of VPS Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document 
issued by Euronext VPS as to the nominal amount of such VPS Notes standing to the account of 
any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer, the Trustee, and the VPS Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of 
such VPS Notes for all purposes. 
VPS Notes will be transferable only in accordance with applicable law and the rules and procedures 
for the time being of Euronext VPS. The registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as the 
recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, VPS Notes will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Norwegian law.

--- Page 54 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 54 - 
70-41028024 
 
2. 
TRANSFERS OF REGISTERED NOTES AND VPS NOTES 
2.1 
Transfers of interests in Registered Global Notes 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Notes will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and, in turn, by other participants and, if 
appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf of transferors and 
transferees of such interests. A beneficial interest in a Registered Global Note will, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory restrictions, be transferable for Notes in 
definitive form or for a beneficial interest in another Registered Global Note of the same series 
only in the authorised denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms and only in accordance 
with the rules and operating procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, and in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the 
Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
2.2 
Transfers of Interests in VPS Notes 
Settlement of sale and purchase transactions in respect of VPS Notes will take place two Oslo 
business days after the date of the relevant transaction. VPS Notes may be transferred between 
accountholders at Euronext VPS in accordance with the procedures and regulations of Euronext 
VPS from time to time. A transfer of VPS Notes which is held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is only possible by using an account operator linked to Euronext VPS. 
2.3 
Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form 
Subject as provided in Condition 2.4 (Registration of transfer upon partial redemption) below, 
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement, 
a Registered Note in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part (in the authorised 
denominations set out in the applicable Final Terms). In order to effect any such transfer (a) the 
holder or holders must (i) surrender the Registered Note for registration of the transfer of the 
Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) at the specified office of any Transfer 
Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or their 
attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (ii) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the relevant Transfer Agent and (b) the relevant Transfer Agent 
must, after due and careful enquiry, be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the 
person making the request. Any such transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the 
Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar may from time to time prescribe (the initial such regulations 
being set out in Schedule 3 to the Agency Agreement). Subject as provided above, the relevant 
Transfer Agent will, within three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are 
open for business in the city where the specified office of the relevant Transfer Agent is located) 
of the request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or 
other laws or regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, 
at its specified office to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail, to 
such address as the transferee may request, a new Registered Note in definitive form of a like 
aggregate nominal amount to the Registered Note (or the relevant part of the Registered Note) 
transferred. In the case of the transfer of part only of a Registered Note in definitive form, a new 
Registered Note in definitive form in respect of the balance of the Registered Note not transferred 
will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
2.4 
Registration of transfer upon partial redemption 
In the event of a partial redemption of Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), the 
Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any Registered Note, or part of a Registered 
Note, called for partial redemption. 
In the event of partial redemption of VPS Notes under Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), 
the Issuer shall not be required to register the transfer of any VPS Note, or part of a VPS Note, 
called for partial redemption.

--- Page 55 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 55 - 
70-41028024 
 
2.5 
Costs of registration 
Noteholders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of 
transfer as provided above, except for any costs or expenses of delivery other than by regular 
uninsured mail and except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any 
stamp duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4.1 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all 
times rank at least pari passu with all other direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and without any preference among them. 
4. 
COVENANTS 
4.1 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding (as defined in the Trust Deed), the Issuer will not, 
and will procure that none of its Subsidiaries (as defined below) will, create or have outstanding 
any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other security interest (each a "Security Interest") (in each 
case other than a Permitted Security Interest), upon, or with respect to, any of the present or future 
business, undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) of the Issuer and/or any 
of its Subsidiaries to secure any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer, in the 
case of the creation of the Security Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, 
promptly, takes any and all action necessary to ensure that: 
(a) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed are secured by 
the Security Interest equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness to the 
satisfaction of the Trustee; or 
(b) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of 
a Security Interest) is provided either (A) as the Trustee in its absolute discretion deems 
not materially less beneficial to the interests of the Noteholders or (B) as is approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Trust Deed) of the Noteholders; or 
provided that Heimstaden Bostad or any of its Subsidiaries may create or have outstanding a 
Security Interest over its assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness issued by Heimstaden Bostad, provided that Heimstaden Bostad at the time of 
issuance of such Relevant Indebtedness has been assigned a credit rating by any of Standard & 
Poor's, Moody's or Fitch (each as defined in Condition 7.7 (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put))). 
4.2 
Financial Covenants 
(a) 
Maintenance of Available Liquidity Reserves: so long as any Note remains outstanding 
the Issuer undertakes that the Available Liquidity Reserves at all times are equal to or 
higher than the aggregate estimated Interest Expenses for the next twelve months. 
(b) 
Limitations on distributions: so long as any Note remains outstanding the Issuer shall not 
declare, make or pay any dividend (whether in cash or in kind) on or in respect of its share 
capital, repurchase any of its own shares, redeem its share capital or other restricted equity 
with repayment to shareholders or make any other similar distribution or transfers of value 
to the direct or indirect shareholders of the Issuer (a "Restricted Distribution"), unless, 
at the time of such distribution: 
(i) 
the Loan to Value Ratio is equal to or lower than 30% (with the distribution, 
including the application of the proceeds thereof, to be accounted for on a pro 
forma basis); and 
(ii) 
the Restricted Distribution is permitted by applicable law and no Event of Default 
is continuing or would result from the expiry of a grace period, the giving of a

--- Page 56 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 56 - 
70-41028024 
 
notice, the making of any determination (or any combination of the foregoing) or 
from the relevant incurrence or payment (as applicable), 
provided however that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer may at any time conduct 
any transactions in respect of: (a) Listed Preference Shares, provided that at the time of 
such transaction the Issuer's aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances less any amount 
redeemed represents 30% or less of Relevant Assets; or (b) Hybrid Securities, provided in 
each case that such Listed Preference Shares or Hybrid Securities are issued on market 
terms with typical contractual provisions. 
(c) 
Limitations on Interest Bearing Financial Liabilities: so long as any Note remains 
outstanding the Issuer shall not incur any new Interest Bearing Financial Liabilities or 
provide any parent company guarantee for Interest Bearing Financial Liabilities 
(excluding in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, any extension of existing Interest 
Bearing Financial Liabilities or any refinancing or replacement of Interest Bearing 
Financial Liabilities provided that the nominal amount does not increase as a result of 
such extension, refinancing or replacement, in which case the incurrence of the 
incremental amount shall be subject to the Incurrence Test), unless the Incurrence Test 
(calculated on a pro forma basis including the new Interest Bearing Financial Liabilities 
and the application of the proceeds thereof) is met. 
The "Incurrence Test" is met if: 
(i) 
the Interest Coverage Ratio (for the most recently completed Reference Period) 
is equal to or higher than 2:1; 
(ii) 
the Loan to Value Ratio is equal to or lower than 30%; and 
(iii) 
no Event of Default is continuing or would result from the expiry of a grace period, 
the giving of a notice, the making of any determination (or any combination of 
the foregoing) or from the relevant incurrence or payment (as applicable), 
provided that 
(A) 
each Incurrence Test shall be calculated on a pro forma basis (including 
each incurrence since the most recently completed published financial 
statements, and application of the proceeds thereof); and 
(B) 
entities acquired or disposed of during a Reference Period will be 
included or excluded, respectively, for the entirety of the relevant 
Reference Period on a pro forma basis. 
(d) 
Certificates: 
(i) 
the Issuer will promptly notify the Trustee in accordance with the Trust Deed in 
the event that any of the undertakings in this Condition 4.2 is breached at any 
time; 
(ii) 
for so long as the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will deliver a certificate to 
the Trustee on each Reporting Date signed by any Authorised Signatory (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) of the Issuer, certifying that the Issuer is in compliance 
with, and there has been no breach of, the undertakings set out in this Condition 
4.2; and 
(iii) 
a certificate by any Authorised Signatory of the Issuer as to any of the amounts 
referred to in this Condition 4.2, or any of the terms defined for the purposes of 
this Condition 4.2, shall be conclusive and binding on all parties.

--- Page 57 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 57 - 
70-41028024 
 
4.3 
Interpretation 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Accounting Principles" means generally accepted accounting principles, standards and practices 
in Sweden, including international financial reporting standards (IFRS) (as adopted or amended 
from time to time), if applicable; 
"Adjusted Earnings" means in respect of a Reference Period: 
(a) 
the unconsolidated operating profit or loss of the Issuer in respect of that Reference Period, 
plus 
(b) 
the amounts of any dividends or other profit distributions that are directly or indirectly 
paid or made to (or declared for the benefit of) a member of the Issuer Group in such 
Reference Period, or which has been attributed by the Issuer as being in respect of the 
latest completed financial year prior to the relevant Testing Date (without double 
counting); 
"Available Liquidity Reserves" means, at any time, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the unconsolidated cash and cash equivalents of the Issuer, 
plus 
(b) 
the aggregate commitments under any revolving credit, overdraft or back-up facility 
available to be utilised by the Issuer for the purpose of payments of Interest Expenses; 
"Financial Indebtedness" means, with respect to any Person at any date of determination (without 
duplication) any indebtedness (as determined by reference to IFRS (or such accounting standards 
as are applicable to the Issuer at the relevant time)) of such Person, including: 
(a) 
borrowed money in whatever form; 
(b) 
any amounts raised by such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan stock or 
other similar instruments; 
(c) 
any amounts raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised 
equivalent; 
(d) 
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a 
non-recourse basis); 
(e) 
the amount of any liability in respect of leases or hire purchase contracts (excluding the 
amount of any liability in respect of leasehold properties) which would, in accordance 
with applicable law and generally accepted accounting principles applicable to the Group, 
be treated as finance or capital leases; and 
(f) 
the amount of any liability in respect of any purchase price of property, assets or services 
the payment of which is deferred for a period in excess of 90 days. 
For the avoidance of doubt deferred tax liabilities shall not be considered Financial Indebtedness; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries from time to time; 
"Heimstaden Bostad" means Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ), a public limited liability company 
incorporated under the laws of Sweden with reg. no. 556864-0873; 
"Heimstaden Bostad's NAV" means the consolidated net asset value of Heimstaden Bostad on 
the most recent balance sheet date less the equity value attributable to Hybrid Securities issued by 
Heimstaden Bostad and any non-controlling interests;

--- Page 58 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 58 - 
70-41028024 
 
"Hybrid Securities" means any subordinated (according to their terms) debt instruments which 
are accounted for as equity in accordance with the Accounting Principles; 
"Interest Bearing Financial Liabilities" means any Financial Indebtedness accounted for as 
interest bearing liabilities in accordance with the Accounting Principles (but excluding pension 
liabilities and, for the avoidance of doubt, any Hybrid Securities); 
"Interest Coverage Ratio" means the ratio of Adjusted Earnings to Interest Expenses in respect 
of any Reference Period; 
"Interest Expenses" means, in respect of the relevant period, the aggregate interest expenses of 
the Issuer in respect of Interest Bearing Financial Liabilities; 
"Issuer Group" means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time, excluding Heimstaden 
Bostad and its Subsidiaries from time to time; 
"Listed Preference Shares" means any preference shares issued by the Issuer which are or will 
be admitted to trading; 
"Loan to Value Ratio" means the ratio of Net Interest Bearing Debt to Relevant Assets; 
"Net Interest Bearing Debt" means: 
(a) 
the difference between the consolidated Interest Bearing Financial Liabilities of the Issuer 
and Heimstaden Bostad, 
less 
(b) 
the difference between the consolidated cash and cash equivalents of the Issuer and 
Heimstaden Bostad, 
in each case by reference to the most recently published financial statements; 
"Permitted Security Interest" means any Security Interest securing any Relevant Indebtedness of 
any Subsidiary of the Issuer acquired, so long as such Security Interest was outstanding on the date 
on which the relevant entity became a Subsidiary of the Issuer, was not created in contemplation 
of such entity becoming a Subsidiary of the Issuer and the principal amount of Relevant 
Indebtedness so secured was not increased in contemplation of such entity becoming a Subsidiary 
of the Issuer or since such entity became a Subsidiary of the Issuer; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, unincorporated association or body, 
partnership, trust, fund, joint venture or consortium, association, organisation, government, state 
or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Recognised Stock Exchange" means a regulated market or a multilateral trading facility, in each 
case as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU; 
"Reference Period" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months ending on a 
Testing Date; 
"Relevant Assets" means: 
(a) 
Heimstaden Bostad's NAV, multiplied by the Issuer's portion, direct or indirect, of the 
share of capital of Heimstaden Bostad, 
plus 
(b) 
the difference between the consolidated book value of the investment properties and 
financial assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents) of the Issuer and Heimstaden Bostad, 
in each case by reference to the most recently published financial statements;

--- Page 59 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 59 - 
70-41028024 
 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means: (i) any Financial Indebtedness (whether being principal, 
premium, interest or other amounts) which is in the form of or represented by any notes, bonds, 
debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities which are or are capable of being 
admitted for trading on a Swedish or foreign Recognised Stock Exchange; and (ii) any guarantee 
or indemnity in respect of any such indebtedness; 
"Reporting Date" means a date falling no later than 30 days after (i) the publication of the Issuer's 
annual consolidated financial statements, or (ii) the publication of the Issuer's quarterly 
consolidated financial statements; 
"Subsidiary" means in relation to any person (the "first person") at any particular time, any other 
person (the "second person"): 
(i) 
which is a subsidiary (Sw. dotterföretag) to the first Person, directly or indirectly, as 
defined in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. (aktiebolagslagen 2005:551)); or 
(ii) 
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally accepted 
accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first person, and includes any Person 
that is a Subsidiary of a Subsidiary; and 
"Testing Date" means each day which is: (i) the last day of the Issuer's financial year in any year; 
or (ii) the last day of each of the first three quarters of the Issuer's financial year in any year. 
5. 
INTEREST 
5.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount 
of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on 
(but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any 
Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, "Fixed Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) 
Interest Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or 
Broken Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of 
any period by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or (ii) 
Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of (A) the 
Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered Notes; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the Calculation 
Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, 
as applicable, to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of Fixed Rate Notes which are 
Registered Notes in definitive form or the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes 
which are Bearer Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance 
with applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note which 
is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the product of the amount (determined in the

--- Page 60 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 60 - 
70-41028024 
 
manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the Calculation 
Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without any further rounding. 
In these Conditions: 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 5.1: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA) " is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the 
"Accrual Period") is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination 
Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which the Accrual Period begins divided by 
the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(2) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days 
in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period 
from (and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 
360. 
"Determination Period" means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date 
or the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
and 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
5.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the

--- Page 61 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 61 - 
70-41028024 
 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, 
after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, 
"Interest Period" means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date 
or the relevant payment date if the Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest 
Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is 
no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(a)(ii) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment 
Date (a) in the case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the 
relevant month and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or 
(b) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be 
the last Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, "Business Day" means: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in London and each Additional Business Centre (other 
than TARGET2 System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the 
applicable Final Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (the "TARGET2 
System") is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and 
foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the 
relevant Specified Currency (which if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars 
or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and Auckland, respectively) or (2) in 
relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be, 
subject as provided below, either:

--- Page 62 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 62 - 
70-41028024 
 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either 
EURIBOR, CIBOR, STIBOR or NIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such 
replacement page on that service which displays the information) as at 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR, Copenhagen time, in the case of CIBOR or 
Stockholm time, in the case of STIBOR) or 12.00 noon (Oslo time, in the case of NIBOR) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Principal Paying Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the 
event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (A) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (B) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of 
Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are not VPS Notes, 
and the Calculation Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, will 
at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, 
determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are VPS Notes, 
the Calculation Agent, will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") 
payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate 
of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are (i) represented by a Global Note or 
(ii) Registered Notes in definitive form, the aggregate outstanding nominal 
amount of (A) the Notes represented by such Global Note or (B) such Registered 
Notes; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are Bearer Notes in definitive form, the 
Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, 
half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with

--- Page 63 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 63 - 
70-41028024 
 
applicable market convention. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note 
which is a Bearer Note in definitive form is a multiple of the Calculation Amount, the 
Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the amount 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount 
by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination 
without any further rounding. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA) " or "Actual/Actual" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any 
portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 
and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed) " is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling) " is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest 
Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is 
greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where:

--- Page 64 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 64 - 
70-41028024 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA) " is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(𝑌2−𝑌1)]+[30×(𝑀2−𝑀1)]+(𝐷2−𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February 
but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by 
the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent, by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate, 
one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period 
of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter 
or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS 
Notes, the Calculation Agent, shall determine such rate at such time and by reference to 
such sources as it determines appropriate.

--- Page 65 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 65 - 
70-41028024 
 
"Designated Maturity" means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the operation of the provisions above in this Condition 5.2, if the Issuer, 
in consultation with the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the 
Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as 
applicable), determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Original 
Reference Rate at any time when the Conditions provide for any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Advisor 
The Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to determine (acting in good faith) a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
and any Benchmark Amendments (each as defined and as further described 
below) no later than 5 Business Days prior to the Interest Determination Date 
relating to the next succeeding Interest Period (the "IA Determination Cut-off 
Date") for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for such next succeeding Interest Period and for all future Interest Periods (subject 
to the subsequent operation of this Condition 5.2(f) during any other future 
Interest Period(s)). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate (as adjusted by the 
applicable Adjustment Spread as provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iii)) shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the subsequent 
further operation of this Condition 5.2(f)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate (as adjusted by the applicable Adjustment Spread as 
provided in Condition 5.2(f)(iii)) shall subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the subsequent further operation of this 
Condition 5.2(f)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(f)(ii), the Independent Adviser acting in good faith shall determine 
an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum or a 
formula or methodology for determining the applicable Adjustment Spread (and, 
for the avoidance of doubt, an Adjustment Spread may be positive, negative or 
zero)), which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be for each subsequent determination of a 
relevant Rate of Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable)), subject to the 
subsequent further operation and adjustment as provided in this Condition 5.2(f). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in 
accordance with this Condition 5.2(f) and the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith) determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions, the Trust Deed

--- Page 66 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 66 - 
70-41028024 
 
and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (provided that 
such amendments do not, without the consent of the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) impose more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or 
liabilities or reduce or amend the protective provisions afforded to it) (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5.2(f)(v), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders or Couponholders, vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed 
and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee and Principal Paying Agent shall, at the 
request and expense of the Issuer, agree to use their reasonable endeavours to 
effect such consequential amendments to the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement 
and these Conditions, including, inter alia, by execution of a deed supplemental 
to the Trust Deed, as the Issuer determines and certifies to the Trustee and the 
Principal Paying Agent may be required in order to give effect to this 
Condition 5.2(f) and neither the Trustee nor the Principal Paying Agent shall be 
liable to any party for any consequence thereof provided, however, that neither 
the Trustee nor the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable) shall be obliged to 
agree to any such consequential amendments if the same would, in the sole 
opinion of the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent (as applicable), expose it to 
any additional liabilities or increase the obligations or duties or reduce or amend 
its rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in the Trust Deed and/or 
these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement (as applicable). 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5.2(f)(iv), 
the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on or by which the Notes are for the time being listed or admitted to 
trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc. 
The Issuer shall no later than the IA Determination Cut-off Date notify the party 
responsible for determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or 
such other party specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable), the 
Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents and promptly thereafter 
notify, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments determined under this Condition 5.2(f). Such notice 
shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. No later than notifying the Trustee and the Principal Paying 
Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by 
an Authorised Signatory of the Issuer confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable), (iii) any 
Adjustment Spread and (iv) where applicable, the terms of any changes pursuant 
to sub-paragraph (iv) above and certifying that the Benchmark Amendments are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread. The Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent shall be 
entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to any person) as 
sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in 
such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee's and the 
Principal Paying Agent's ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding 
on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Noteholders.

--- Page 67 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 67 - 
70-41028024 
 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under this Condition 5.2(f), the 
Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5.2(b) will continue to apply unless and until the party responsible for 
determining the Rate of Interest (being the Calculation Agent or such other party 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as applicable) has been notified of the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance 
with Condition 5.2(f)(v). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the immediately following Interest 
Determination Date, the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined pursuant to this 
Condition 5.2(f) prior to the IA Determination Cut-off Date and the Relevant 
Screen Page is no longer available for use, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last 
determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
Interest Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5.2(f) shall apply to the determination 
of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the 
Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5.2(f). 
For the purposes of this Condition 5.2(f): 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, 
which the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is 
the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally 
provided as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), 
or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the Independent Adviser (acting in 
good faith) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary usage in international debt capital markets transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); 
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser 
(acting in good faith) determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being 
the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which 
reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or 
(D) 
(if no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the 
Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines to be appropriate

--- Page 68 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 68 - 
70-41028024 
 
to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be); 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative to the Original Reference Rate which 
the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith) determines in accordance with 
Condition 5.2(f)(ii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest 
period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes or, if the Independent 
Adviser determines there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent 
Adviser (acting in good faith) determines is most comparable to the Original 
Reference Rate; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.2(f)(iv); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at 
least 5 Business Days or ceasing permanently to be calculated, 
administered and published; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of 
the Original Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, 
cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the 
date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i) above; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator 
of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference 
Rate will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified 
in (i) above; 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before 
a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified 
date referred to in (i) above; 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or any other party to 
calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder or 
Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); or 
(G) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of such Original Reference Rate announcing that such 
Original Reference Rate is or will, on or before a specified date, be no 
longer representative and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (i) above;

--- Page 69 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 69 - 
70-41028024 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of 
international repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the 
international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense. For the avoidance of doubt, an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant 
to this Condition 5.2(f) shall act in good faith as an expert and (in the absence of 
bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Trustee, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 5.2(f); 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate used 
to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) in 
respect of any Interest Periods(s) (provided that if, following one or more 
Benchmark Events, such originally-specified Reference Rate (or any Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate which has replaced it) has been replaced by a (or a further) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and a Benchmark Event subsequently occurs 
in respect of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the term "Original 
Reference Rate" shall include any such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate); 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of an Original Reference Rate: 
(A) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution for the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by 
or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to which 
the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate, (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference 
Rate or, where a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate has been determined 
pursuant to Condition 5.2(f)(ii), such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, as 
applicable, which is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt, by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, the Calculation Agent, will cause 
the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Trustee and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed and, in the case of 
VPS Notes, Euronext VPS and the VPS Agent and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but 
in no event later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will promptly be 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time 
being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). For the 
purposes of this Condition 5.2(g), the expression "London Business Day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are 
open for general business in London. The notification of any rate or amount, if applicable, 
shall be made to Euronext VPS in accordance with and subject to Euronext VPS rules and 
regulations for the time being in effect.

--- Page 70 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 70 - 
70-41028024 
 
(h) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 5.2 by the Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, shall 
(in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent (if applicable), the other Agents and all Noteholders 
and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or gross negligence) no liability 
to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the 
Principal Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent in connection with the 
exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
5.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is 
the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
as provided in the Trust Deed. 
5.4 
Adjustment of Rate of Interest for Fixed Rate Notes and Floating Rate Notes 
If a Step Up Rating Change and/or Step Down Rating Change is specified as being applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the following terms relating to the Rate of Interest for the Notes shall 
apply: 
(a) 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will be subject to adjustment from time to time 
in the event of a Step Up Rating Change and/or a Step Down Rating Change, as the case 
may be. 
(b) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, from and including the first Interest Payment 
Date falling on or after the date of a Step Up Rating Change, the Rate of Interest (in the 
case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on 
the Notes shall be increased by the Step Up Margin. 
(c) 
Subject to Condition 5.4(d) and 5.4(h) below, in the event of a Step Down Rating Change 
following a Step Up Rating Change, with effect from and including the first Interest 
Payment Date falling on or after the date of such Step Down Rating Change, the Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) 
payable on the Notes shall be decreased by the Step Up Margin back to the initial Rate of 
Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the initial Margin (in the case of Floating Rate 
Notes). 
(d) 
If a Step Up Rating Change and, subsequently, a Step Down Rating Change occur during 
the same Fixed Interest Period (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) or the same Interest Period 
(in the case of Floating Rate Notes), the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) 
or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) on the Notes shall be neither increased 
nor decreased as a result of either such event. 
(e) 
The Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to maintain credit ratings for its senior unsecured 
long-term debt from a Rating Agency. If, notwithstanding such reasonable efforts, any 
Rating Agency fails or ceases to assign a credit rating to the Issuer's senior unsecured long-
term debt, the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to obtain a credit rating of its senior 
unsecured long-term debt from a Substitute Rating Agency approved (other than in the 
case of Moody's or S&P) by the Trustee in writing (such approval not to be unreasonably 
withheld or delayed), and references herein to such Rating Agency or the credit ratings 
thereof, shall be to such Substitute Rating Agency or, as the case may be, the equivalent

--- Page 71 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 71 - 
70-41028024 
 
credit ratings thereof as specified in or determined in accordance with the remainder of 
this Condition 5.4. 
(f) 
The Issuer will cause the occurrence of a Step Up Rating Change or a Step Down Rating 
Change giving rise to an adjustment to the Rate of Interest (in the case of Fixed Rate Notes) 
or the Margin (in the case of Floating Rate Notes) payable on the Notes pursuant to this 
Condition 5.4 to be notified to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent and, in the case 
of VPS Notes, Euronext VPS and the VPS Agent and (in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices)) the Noteholders as soon as reasonably practicable after the occurrence of such 
Step Up Rating Change or Step Down Rating Change, but in no event later than the fifth 
London Business Day thereafter. Such notification, if applicable, shall be made to 
Euronext VPS in accordance with and subject to Euronext VPS rules and regulations for 
the time being in effect. 
(g) 
If the rating designations employed by any Rating Agency are changed from those which 
are described in this Condition 5.4 or if a rating is procured from a Substitute Rating 
Agency other than Moody's or S&P, the Issuer shall determine, with the prior approval of 
the Trustee (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), the rating 
designations of such Rating Agency or Substitute Rating Agency (as the case may be) as 
are most equivalent to the prior rating designations of the existing Rating Agency (or 
Rating Agencies, as the case may be). 
(h) 
Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, there shall be no limit on the 
number of times that the Rate of Interest may be adjusted pursuant hereto during the term 
of the Notes provided that at no time during the term of the Notes will the Rate of Interest 
be (i) less than the initial Rate of Interest or (ii) more than the initial Rate of Interest plus 
the Step Up Margin specified hereon. 
Where: 
"Rating Agency", "Fitch", "Moody's", "S&P" and "Substitute Rating Agency" have the 
meanings given to such terms in Condition 7.7 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)); 
"Step Down Rating Change" means the first public announcement by Fitch and, if 
applicable, each other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of the Issuer, after 
a Step Up Rating Change, that the credit rating of the Issuer's senior unsecured long-term 
debt is at least BBB- in the case of Fitch and, if applicable, at least Baa3 in the case of 
Moody's and at least BBB- in the case of S&P with the result that, following such public 
announcement, no Rating Agency assigns a credit rating below the aforementioned levels 
or any equivalent rating. For the avoidance of doubt, any further increase in the credit 
rating of the Issuer's senior unsecured long-term debt above BBB- in the case of Fitch and, 
if applicable, at least Baa3 in the case of Moody's and at least BBB- in the case of S&P 
and in respect of any other Substitute Rating Agency, an equivalent rating or above shall 
not constitute a further Step Down Rating Change; 
"Step Up Margin" means the rate per annum specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Step Up Rating Change" means the first public announcement by Fitch or, if applicable, 
any other Rating Agency appointed by or with the consent of the Issuer, of a decrease in 
the credit rating of the Issuer's senior unsecured long-term debt to below BBB- (in the case 
of Fitch) or below Baa3 (in the case of Moody's) or below BBB- (in the case of S&P). For 
the avoidance of doubt, any further decrease in the credit rating of the Issuer's senior 
unsecured long-term debt below BBB- in the case of Fitch or, if applicable, below Baa3 
in the case of Moody's or below BBB- in the case of S&P and in respect of any other 
Substitute Rating Agency, an equivalent rating or below shall not constitute a further Step 
Up Rating Change.

--- Page 72 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 72 - 
70-41028024 
 
5.5 
Calculation Agent 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in respect of any Notes and for so long as such Note is outstanding. Where more 
than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of any Notes, references in these Conditions to 
the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent performing its respective duties 
under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as such or if the 
Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest payable from time to time or to 
calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the 
case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall (with prior notification to 
the Trustee) appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the inter-bank market 
(or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as 
such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been 
appointed as aforesaid. 
6. 
PAYMENTS 
6.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account 
to which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable 
thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation) 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation)) any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
6.2 
Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in Condition 6.1 (Method of Payment) above only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of 
definitive Bearer Notes, and payments of interest in respect of definitive Bearer Notes will (subject 
as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States 
of America (including the States and the District of Columbia and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) 
should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which 
expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured 
Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment 
not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as 
the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount 
of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the 
relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as 
defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would

--- Page 73 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 73 - 
70-41028024 
 
otherwise have become void under Condition 9 (Prescription)) or, if later, five years from the date 
on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive bearer form becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further 
Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive bearer form 
becomes due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or 
not attached) shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further 
Coupons shall be made in respect thereof. A "Long Maturity Note" is a Fixed Rate Note (other 
than a Fixed Rate Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is 
less than the aggregate interest payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long 
Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining 
to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Bearer Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest 
(if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender 
of the relevant definitive Bearer Note. 
6.3 
Payments in respect of Bearer Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note in 
bearer form will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to 
definitive Bearer Notes or otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where 
applicable against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States. A record of each payment made, 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made either 
on such Global Note by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
6.4 
Payments in respect of Registered Notes 
Payments of principal in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
endorsement) of the Registered Note at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Paying 
Agents. Such payments will be made by transfer to the Designated Account (as defined below) of 
the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the register of 
holders of the Registered Notes maintained by the Registrar (the "Register") (i) where in global 
form, at the close of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in 
definitive form, at the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on 
which banks are open for business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) 
before the relevant due date. For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account (which, 
in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non resident of Japan, shall be a non resident account) 
maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
"Designated Bank" means (in the case of payment in a Specified Currency other than euro) a bank 
in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively) and (in the case of a payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro. 
Payments of interest in respect of each Registered Note (whether or not in global form) will be 
made by transfer on the due date to the Designated Account of the holder (or the first named of 
joint holders) of the Registered Note appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close 
of the business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at the close 
of business on the fifteenth day (whether or not such fifteenth day is a business day) before the 
relevant due date (the "Record Date"). Payment of the interest due in respect of each Registered 
Note on redemption will be made in the same manner as payment of the principal amount of such 
Registered Note.

--- Page 74 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 74 - 
70-41028024 
 
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the holders by the Registrar in respect of any 
payments of principal or interest in respect of Registered Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect 
of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, beneficial ownership interests in the 
Registered Global Notes or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such 
beneficial ownership interests. 
6.5 
Payments in respect of VPS Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of VPS Notes will be made to the Noteholders shown 
in the records of Euronext VPS in accordance with and subject to the rules and regulations from 
time to time governing Euronext VPS. 
The VPS Agent and any Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder of VPS Notes. The Issuer 
reserves the right at any time, with prior notification to the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the VPS Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other agents, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a VPS Agent authorised to act as an account 
operating institution with Euronext VPS, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where the 
Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on 
which the VPS Notes may be listed. Notice of any such change or of any change of any specified 
office shall promptly be given to the holders of VPS Notes in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices). 
6.6 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons 
shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a 
particular nominal amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for their share of each payment so made by the 
Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6.6, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Bearer Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal 
and/or interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in 
the United States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment 
in U.S. dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of 
principal and interest on the Bearer Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices 
outside the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other 
similar restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; 
and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
6.7 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For 
these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which (subject to Condition 9 (Prescription)) is:

--- Page 75 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 75 - 
70-41028024 
 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; 
and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if 
the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
6.8 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 8 
(Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; 
(e) 
the Change of Control Redemption Amount (if any) of the Notes; 
(f) 
the Clean-Up Call redemption price; and 
(g) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the 
Issuer under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 8 (Taxation) or under any undertaking or covenant given in addition thereto, or in 
substitution therefor, pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
7. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
7.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
7.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate 
Note), on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
each as specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent (or, 
in the case of VPS Notes, the Trustee and the VPS Agent) and, in accordance with Condition 14

--- Page 76 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 76 - 
70-41028024 
 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Trustee 
immediately before the giving of such notice that: 
(a) 
on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 8 (Taxation) as 
a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Tax Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; 
and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it. 
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer, would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 7.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Trustee and, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS Agent: (i) a certificate signed by an 
Authorised Signatory of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred; and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing 
to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result 
of such change or amendment. The Trustee shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient 
evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7.9 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together with any interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
7.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice each as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), 
redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) each as specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. 
Where the Optional Redemption Amount is Spens Amount, Make-whole Amount or Full Value 
Redemption Amount, any such notice of redemption may, at the Issuer's discretion, be subject to 
one or more conditions precedent, in which case such notice shall state that, in the Issuer's 
discretion, the Optional Redemption Date may be delayed until such time as any or all such 
conditions shall be satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion), or such redemption may 
not occur and such notice may be rescinded in the event that any or all such conditions shall not 
have been satisfied (or waived by the Issuer in its sole discretion) by the Optional Redemption 
Date, or by the Optional Redemption Date so delayed. Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount 
of the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if either Spens Amount, Make-whole Amount 
or Full Value Redemption Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be: 
(a) 
if Spens Amount is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher 
of (i) 100% of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the 
nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed multiplied by the price, as 
reported to the Issuer and the Trustee by the Determination Agent, at which the Gross 
Redemption Yield on such Notes on the Reference Date is equal to the Gross Redemption

--- Page 77 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 77 - 
70-41028024 
 
Yield (determined by reference to the middle market price) at the Quotation Time on the 
Reference Date of the Reference Bond, plus the Redemption Margin; 
(b) 
if Make-whole Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the higher 
of (i) 100% of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and (ii) the 
sum of the present values of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed 
and the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date 
of redemption) and such present values shall be calculated by discounting such amounts 
to the date of redemption on an annual basis (assuming the Day Count Fraction specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or such other day count basis as the Determination Agent 
may consider to be appropriate having regard to customary market practice at such time) 
at the Reference Bond Rate, plus the Redemption Margin, all as determined by the 
Determination Agent; or 
(c) 
if Full Value Redemption Amount is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the sum of (i) 100% of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed and 
(ii) the Remaining Term Interest on such Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date 
of redemption). 
In this Condition 7.3: 
"DA Selected Bond" means a government security or securities (which if the Specified Currency 
is euro, will be a German Bundesobligationen) selected by the Determination Agent as having an 
actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Notes, that would be 
utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
maturity to the remaining term of the Notes; 
"Determination Agent" means an investment bank, financial institution of international standing 
or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise selected by the Issuer; 
"Gross Redemption Yield" means, with respect to a security, the gross redemption yield on such 
security, expressed as a percentage and calculated by the Determination Agent on the basis set out 
by the United Kingdom Debt Management Office in the paper "Formulae for Calculating Gilt 
Prices from Yields", page 4, Section One: Price/Yield Formulae "Conventional Gilts"; "Double 
dated and Undated Gilts with Assumed (or Actual) Redemption on a Quasi-Coupon Date" 
(published 8 June 1998, as amended or updated from time to time) on a semi-annual compounding 
basis (converted to an annualised yield and rounded up (if necessary) to four decimal places) or, if 
such formula does not reflect generally accepted market practice at the time of redemption, a gross 
redemption yield calculated in accordance with generally accepted market practice at such time as 
determined by the Determination Agent; 
"Quotation Time" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Redemption Margin" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Bond" shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the DA Selected Bond; 
"Reference Bond Price" means, with respect to any date of redemption, (a) the arithmetic average 
of the Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding 
the highest and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, or (b) if the 
Determination Agent obtains fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer 
Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such quotations; 
"Reference Bond Rate" means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal 
to the annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity 
(on the relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond 
(expressed as a percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date 
of redemption; 
"Reference Date" will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption;

--- Page 78 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 78 - 
70-41028024 
 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer" means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their 
affiliates, which are (A) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or 
(B) market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
"Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations" means, with respect to each Reference 
Government Bond Dealer and any date of redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by 
the Determination Agent, of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each 
case as a percentage of its nominal amount) at the Quotation Time on the Reference Date quoted 
in writing to the Determination Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; and 
"Remaining Term Interest" means, with respect to any Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Note for the remaining term to maturity of such Note (or, if Issuer 
Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the remaining term up to 
the Par Call Period Commencement Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms) determined 
on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Note from and including the date on which 
such Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 7.3. 
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will 
(i) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, 
not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such 
Redeemed Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
7.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Par Call) 
If Issuer Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
having given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the 
Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Par Call Period specified 
as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
7.5 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (Special Redemption Event 
Call) 
If Special Redemption Event Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event, the Issuer (if the Basis of the Call is specified 
as being Mandatory in the applicable Final Terms) shall or (if the Basis of the Call is specified as 
being Optional in the applicable Final Terms) may, having given not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms at any time 
during the Special Optional Redemption Period to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem 
the Notes then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at the Special Redemption Amount specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but 
excluding) the date fixed for redemption. 
For the purposes of this Condition a "Special Redemption Event" shall be deemed to have 
occurred if the Issuer (i) has not completed and closed the acquisition of the Acquisition Target 
specified in the applicable Final Terms by the Special Redemption Longstop Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; or (ii) has published an announcement that it no longer intends to pursue 
the acquisition of the Acquisition Target.

--- Page 79 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 79 - 
70-41028024 
 
7.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of 
any Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date 
and at the Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note 
is in definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of 
Registered Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case 
may be, the Registrar falling within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying 
Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify 
a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.6 and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full nominal 
amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a new 
Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.3 (Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive form). 
If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or 
evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the 
Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of 
this Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise 
in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which 
may include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or 
any common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying 
Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) by electronic 
means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
If this Note is a VPS Note, to exercise the right to require redemption of the VPS Notes, the holder 
of the VPS Notes, must, within the notice period, give notice to the VPS Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 7.6 shall be 
irrevocable except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred 
and the Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the 
Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.6 and instead to declare such Note 
forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default and Enforcement). 
7.7 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control 
Put) 
If a Change of Control Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the occurrence of a 
Change of Control Put Event (as defined below), each Noteholder will have the option (the 
"Change of Control Put Option") to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer's option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) that Noteholder's Notes on the Change of Control Put Date 
(as defined below) at the Change of Control Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to 
but excluding the date of redemption or purchase. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Change of Control Put Event has occurred and, 
in any event, within 5 days of the Issuer becoming aware that such Change of Control Put Event 
has occurred, the Issuer shall, and at any time upon the Trustee becoming so aware (the Issuer 
having failed to do so) the Trustee may, and, if so requested by the holders of at least one-fifth in 
principal amount of the Notes then outstanding, shall, (subject in each case to being indemnified

--- Page 80 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 80 - 
70-41028024 
 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) give notice (a "Change of Control Put Event 
Notice") to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) specifying the nature of the 
Change of Control Put Event and the procedure for exercising the Change of Control Put Option. 
To exercise the Change of Control Put Option, the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Notes) at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the 
Registrar, on any Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.7 (Payment Day)) at the place of such 
specified office falling within the Change of Control Put Period (as defined below), a duly signed 
and completed notice of exercise in the form for the time being current obtainable from any 
specified office of any Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the Registrar (a "Change of Control 
Put Exercise Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is to 
be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition 7.7 and, in 
the case of Registered Notes, the nominal amount thereof to be redeemed and, if less than the full 
nominal amount of the Registered Notes so surrendered is to be redeemed, an address to which a 
new Registered Note in respect of the balance of such Registered Notes is to be sent subject to and 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 2.3 (Transfers of Registered Notes in definitive 
form). If this Note is in definitive bearer form, the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice must be 
accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned that this Note 
will, following the delivery of the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice, be held to its order or 
under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of this Note under this Condition 7.7 the holder of this Note must, within the Change of 
Control Put Period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the 
Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) of such exercise in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given 
on their instruction by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any common depositary or 
common safekeeper, as the case may be, for them to the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of 
Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) by electronic means) in a form 
acceptable to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
If this Note is a VPS Note, to exercise the right to require redemption or, as the case may be, 
purchase of a Note under this Condition 7.7, the holder of the VPS Note must, within the Change 
of Control Put Period, give notice to the VPS Agent of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euronext VPS from time to time. 
A Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given by a holder of any Note shall be irrevocable except 
where, prior to the due date of redemption or purchase, an Event of Default has occurred and the 
Trustee has declared the Notes to be due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement), in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to 
withdraw the Change of Control Put Exercise Notice given pursuant to this Condition 7.7 and 
instead treat its Notes as being forthwith due and payable pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of 
Default and Enforcement). 
Any Note which is the subject of a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice which has been delivered 
as described above prior to the expiry of the Change of Control Put Period shall be redeemed or, 
as the case may be, purchased by (or on behalf of) the Issuer on the date which is the seventh 
Business Day as defined in Condition 5.2(a) (Interest Payment Dates) immediately following the 
last day of the Change of Control Put Period (the "Change of Control Put Date"). 
The Trustee shall not be required to take any steps to ascertain whether a Change of Control Put 
Event or Change of Control or any event which could lead to the occurrence of, or could constitute, 
a Change of Control Put Event or Change of Control has occurred and, until it shall have received 
notice thereof pursuant to the Trust Deed to the contrary, the Trustee may assume that no Change 
of Control Put Event or Change of Control or other such event has occurred. 
In these Conditions:

--- Page 81 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 81 - 
70-41028024 
 
a "Change of Control Put Event" will be deemed to occur if: 
(a) 
 
(i) 
any Person or any Persons acting in concert (other than Fredensborg AS, reg. no. 
943 582 815) shall acquire the power to: (A) cast, or control the casting of, votes 
in respect of shares in the issued or allotted share capital of the Issuer carrying 
more than 50% of the voting rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of 
the Issuer; or (B) appoint or remove all or the majority of the members of the 
board of directors of the Issuer or other equivalent officers; 
(ii) 
any Person or any Persons acting in concert (other than the Issuer or Alecta 
Tjänstepension Ömsesidigt) shall acquire the power to: (A) cast, or control the 
casting of, votes in respect of shares in the issued or allotted share capital of 
Heimstaden Bostad carrying more than 50% of the voting rights normally 
exercisable at a general meeting of Heimstaden Bostad; or (B) the power to 
appoint or remove all or the majority of the members of the board of directors, or 
other equivalent officers, of Heimstaden Bostad, 
(each such event being, a "Change of Control"); and 
(b) 
on the date (the "Relevant Announcement Date") that is the earlier of (1) the date of the 
earliest Potential Change of Control Announcement (as defined below) (if any) and (2) 
the date of the first public announcement of the relevant Change of Control, either the 
Notes or the Issuer carry: 
(i) 
an investment grade credit rating (Baa3/BBB-/BBB-, or equivalent, or better) (an 
"Investment Grade Rating") from any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating 
Agency at the invitation or with the consent of the Issuer) and, within the Change 
of Control Period, any such Rating Agency downgrades its rating of the Notes or 
the Issuer (as applicable) to a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ 
or equivalent, or worse) or withdraws its rating of the Notes or the Issuer (as 
applicable) and such rating is not within the Change of Control Period (in the case 
of a downgrade) upgraded or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to an 
Investment Grade Rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(ii) 
a non-investment grade credit rating (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) from 
any Rating Agency (provided by such Rating Agency at the invitation or with the 
consent of the Issuer) and such rating from any Rating Agency is within the 
Change of Control Period downgraded by one or more notches (for illustration, 
Ba1/BB+/BB+ to Ba2/BB/BB being one notch) or withdrawn and is not within 
the Change of Control Period subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded 
or (in the case of a withdrawal) reinstated to its earlier credit rating or better by 
such Rating Agency; or 
(iii) 
no credit rating from any Rating Agency and a Negative Rating Event also occurs 
in respect of the Notes and/or the Issuer, as applicable, within the Change of 
Control Period, 
and 
(c) 
in making the relevant decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer or the Trustee that such 
downgrading and/or withdrawal resulted, directly or indirectly, from the Change of 
Control or the Potential Change of Control Announcement (whether or not the Change of 
Control shall have occurred at the time such rating is downgraded and/or withdrawn). 
Upon receipt by the Issuer or the Trustee of any such written confirmation, the Issuer shall 
forthwith give notice of such written confirmation to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
If the rating designations employed by S&P, Moody's or Fitch are changed from those which are 
described in paragraph (b) of the definition of "Change of Control Put Event" above, or if a rating

--- Page 82 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 82 - 
70-41028024 
 
is procured from a Substitute Rating Agency, the Issuer shall determine the rating designations of 
S&P, Moody's or Fitch or such Substitute Rating Agency (as appropriate) as are most equivalent 
to the prior rating designations of S&P, Moody's or Fitch and this Condition 7.7 shall be construed 
accordingly. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the Relevant Announcement Date 
and ending 120 days after the occurrence of the Change of Control or, where a Rating Agency has 
publicly announced that the Notes are or the Issuer is under consideration for rating review or, as 
the case may be, rating (such public announcement being within the period ending 120 days after 
the Change of Control), the later of (i) such 120th day after the Change of Control and (ii) the date 
falling 60 days after such public announcement; 
"Change of Control Put Period" means the period from, and including, the date of a Change of 
Control Put Event Notice to, but excluding, the 45th day following the date of the Change of 
Control Put Event Notice or, if earlier, the eighth day immediately preceding the Maturity Date; 
"Fitch" means Fitch Ratings Limited; 
"Moody's" means Moody's Investors Service Limited; 
"Negative Rating Event" shall be deemed to have occurred if (i) the Issuer does not, prior to or 
not later than 21 days after the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and thereafter 
throughout the Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the 
Notes and/or the Issuer, as applicable, or (ii) if the Issuer does so seek and use all such reasonable 
endeavours, it is unable to obtain such rating of at least a non-investment grade credit rating 
(Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) by the end of the Change of Control Period and the relevant 
Rating Agency announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer or the Trustee that the failure 
to issue a rating of at least non-investment grade (Ba1/BB+/BB+ or equivalent or worse) was as a 
result, directly or indirectly, of the Change of Control or the Potential Change of Control 
Announcement (whether or not the Change of Control had occurred at such time); 
"Potential Change of Control Announcement" means any public announcement or statement by 
or on behalf of the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any 
actual or potential bidder relating to any potential Change of Control where within 180 days 
following the date of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control occurs; and 
"Rating Agency" means S&P, Moody's or Fitch or any of their respective successors or any other 
rating agency (a "Substitute Rating Agency") of equivalent international standing specified by 
the Issuer from time to time and approved by the Trustee in writing; and 
"S&P" and "Standard & Poor's" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
7.8 
Clean-Up Call 
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 
75% or more in principal amount of the Notes then outstanding have been redeemed pursuant to 
Conditions 7.6 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) and/or 7.7 
(Redemption at the option of the Noteholders upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put)) 
or purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.10 (Purchases), the Issuer may, having given 
not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in 
applicable Final Terms to the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), redeem or, at the Issuer's option, purchase (or procure the 
purchase of) all but not some only of, the Notes then outstanding at: 
(a) 
if Par Clean-up Call Amount is specified as being the Clean-Up Call Amount in the 
applicable Final Terms, their principal amount together with interest accrued to but 
excluding the date of such redemption; or 
(b) 
if Price Based Clean-up Call Amount is specified as being the Clean-Up Call Amount in 
the applicable Final Terms, the higher of: 
(i) 
their principal amount; and

--- Page 83 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 83 - 
70-41028024 
 
(ii) 
 
(A) 
the weighted average price (excluding any proportion of the price 
attributable to interest accrued to but excluding the date of such 
redemption) per Note paid by the Issuer in any purchase, repurchase or 
redemption of Notes during the period of thirty (30) days falling 
immediately prior to the date notice is given in accordance with this 
Condition; or 
(B) 
if the Issuer has made no purchase, repurchase or redemption of Notes 
during the period set out in paragraph (b)(ii)(A) above, the most recent 
price (excluding any proportion of the price attributable to interest 
accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption) per Note paid by 
the Issuer in any purchase, repurchase or redemption of Notes, 
in each case, together with interest accrued to but excluding the date of such redemption. 
The notice referred to in the preceding sentence shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption and the redemption price. 
7.9 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 10 (Events of Default 
and Enforcement): 
(a) 
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption 
Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount being an 
amount calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount = 𝑅𝑃× (1 + 𝐴𝑌)𝑦 
where: 
"RP" 
means the Reference Price; 
"AY" 
means the Accrual Yield (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) expressed as a 
decimal; and 
"y" 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on 
the basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and 
repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the 
numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as 
the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in which case the numerator will be equal 
to the actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date 
upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 365). 
7.10 
Purchases 
The Issuer, or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the 
case of definitive Bearer Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are 
purchased therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, 
reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer (in the case of Notes other than VPS Notes), 
surrendered to any Paying Agent and/or the Registrar for cancellation or, in the case of VPS Notes, 
cancelled by causing such VPS Notes to be deleted from the records of Euronext VPS.

--- Page 84 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 84 - 
70-41028024 
 
7.11 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons 
and Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so 
cancelled and any Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 7.10 (Purchases) above 
(together with all unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the 
Principal Paying Agent or, in the case of VPS Notes, shall be deleted from the records of Euronext 
VPS, and in each case cannot be reissued or resold. 
7.12 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Condition 7.1 (Redemption at maturity), 7.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 7.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)), 7.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
(Issuer Par Call)) or 7.5 (Redemption upon the occurrence of a Special Redemption Event (Special 
Redemption Event Call)) above or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 
10 (Events of Default and Enforcement) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and 
repayable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in 
Condition 7.9(b) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date 
upon which such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the 
date which is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; 
and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Registrar or, in the case of VPS Notes, Euronext VPS and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
8. 
TAXATION 
8.1 
Taxation provisions applicable to Notes other than VPS Notes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes (other than VPS Notes) and Coupons 
by or on behalf of the Issuer will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of 
any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any 
Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the holders of the Notes (other than VPS Notes) or Coupons after such withholding or deduction 
shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes (other than VPS Notes) or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note (other than a VPS Note) or Coupon: 
(a) 
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Sweden; or 
(b) 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note (other than a 
VPS Note) or Coupon by reason of the holder having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note (other than a VPS Note) or Coupon; 
or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) 
except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional 
amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to 
have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 6.7 (Payment Day)). 
8.2 
Taxation provisions applicable to VPS Notes 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the VPS Notes by the Issuer shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding

--- Page 85 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 85 - 
70-41028024 
 
or deduction is required by law. In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts as shall 
be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the VPS Notes after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the VPS Notes in the absence of such withholding or 
deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any VPS Note 
the holder of which is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such VPS Note by reason of them 
having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such VPS Note. 
8.3 
Definitions 
As used in these Conditions: 
(i) 
"Tax Jurisdiction" means the Kingdom of Sweden (or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax) or any other jurisdiction (or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax) to which payments 
made by the Issuer of principal and interest on the Notes become generally subject; and 
(ii) 
the "Relevant Date" means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Trustee 
or the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar (or, in the case of VPS Notes, the VPS 
Agent), as the case may be, on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the 
full amount of such moneys having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
9. 
PRESCRIPTION 
The Notes (whether in bearer or registered form) and Coupons will become void unless claims in 
respect of principal and/or interest are made within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) 
and five years (in the case of interest) after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) 
therefor. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the 
claim for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 9 or Condition 6.2 
(Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant 
to Condition 6.2 (Presentation of definitive Bearer Notes and Coupons). 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND ENFORCEMENT 
10.1 
Events of Default 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth 
in nominal amount of the Notes then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall (subject in each case to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction), (but in the case of the happening of any of the events described in paragraphs 10.1(b) 
to 10.1(d) (other than the winding up or dissolution of the Issuer) and 10.1(e) to (h) inclusive below, 
only if the Trustee shall have certified in writing to the Issuer that such event is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders), give notice in writing to the Issuer that 
each Note is, and each Note shall thereupon immediately become, due and repayable at its Early 
Redemption Amount together with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed if any of the 
following events (each an "Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due 
in respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of seven days 
in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions 
or the Trust Deed and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the Trustee, the failure 
is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned 
will be required) the failure continues unremedied for the period of 30 days, or such longer 
period as the Trustee may agree, after the service by the Trustee on the Issuer of written 
notice requiring the same to be remedied; or

--- Page 86 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 86 - 
70-41028024 
 
(c) 
if (i) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries becomes due and 
repayable prior to its stated maturity by reason of an event of default (however described); 
(ii) the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries fails to make any payment in respect of any 
Financial Indebtedness on the due date for payment (as extended by any originally 
applicable grace period); (iii) any security given by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries 
for any Financial Indebtedness becomes enforceable and steps are taken to enforce the 
same; or (iv) default is made by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in making any payment 
due under any guarantee and/or indemnity given by it in relation to any Financial 
Indebtedness of any other person; provided that no event described in this subparagraph 
10.1(c) shall constitute an Event of Default unless the relevant amount of Financial 
Indebtedness or other relative liability due and unpaid, either alone or when aggregated 
(without duplication) with other amounts of Financial Indebtedness and/or other liabilities 
due and unpaid relative to all (if any) other events specified in (i) to (iv) above, amounts 
to (in the case of an event in respect of Heimstaden Bostad or any of its Subsidiaries) at 
least 1% of the Heimstaden Bostad Consolidated Total Assets or (in the case of an event 
in respect of any member of the Issuer Group) at least 1% of the Issuer Group Consolidated 
Total Assets; or 
(d) 
if any order is made by any competent court, or any resolution is passed, for the winding 
up or dissolution of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, save for: (i) the purposes 
of reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the Group whilst solvent; 
or (ii) in respect of a Material Subsidiary, where such winding up or dissolution is in 
connection with the sale for full consideration received by the Group on an arm's length 
basis of the assets or the business of such Material Subsidiary, all of the proceeds of which 
are reinvested in the Group; or (iii) on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee 
or by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
if (a) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries ceases or threatens to cease to carry on 
the whole or substantially the whole of its business, save for: (i) the purposes of any 
reorganisation, amalgamation, adjustment or restructuring of the Group whilst solvent; (ii) 
in respect of a Material Subsidiary, in connection with the sale for full consideration 
received by the Group on an arm's length basis of the assets or business of such Material 
Subsidiary, all of the proceeds of which are reinvested in the Group; or (iii) on terms 
previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution, or (b) 
the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries becomes insolvent or is unable to (or admits 
inability to) pay its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed unable 
to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or 
found bankrupt or insolvent; or 
(f) 
if: (i) proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries under 
any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, 
or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official, or an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official is 
appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries or, as the case may 
be, in relation to the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an 
encumbrancer takes possession of the whole or any part of the undertaking or assets of 
any of them, or a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, 
enforced upon, sued out or put in force against the whole or any part of the undertaking or 
assets of any of them; and (ii) in the case of each of the foregoing (other than the 
appointment of an administrator), is not discharged within 60 days; or 
(g) 
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (or their respective directors or shareholders) 
initiates or consents to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable 
liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (including the 
obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of, or 
enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors generally (or any class 
of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for an arrangement or 
composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors); or

--- Page 87 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 87 - 
70-41028024 
 
(h) 
if any event occurs which, under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, has or may have, in 
the Trustee's opinion, an analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (g) 
above. 
"continuing" for the purposes of this Condition 10 is an Event of Default that has not been waived 
or remedied; 
10.2 
Enforcement 
The Trustee may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings against 
the Issuer as it may think fit to enforce the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Notes or the Coupons, 
but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or any other action in relation to the Trust 
Deed, the Notes or the Coupons unless (a) it shall have been so directed by an Extraordinary 
Resolution or so requested in writing by the holders of at least one-fifth in nominal amount of the 
Notes then outstanding and (b) it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction. 
No Noteholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless the 
Trustee, having become bound so to proceed fails or is unable to do within 60 days, and the failure 
or inability shall be continuing. 
10.3 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"Heimstaden Bostad Consolidated Total Assets" means the value of the consolidated total assets 
of Heimstaden Bostad and its Subsidiaries as shown in the most recent annual or interim, as the 
case may be, consolidated financial statements of Heimstaden Bostad; 
"Issuer Group Consolidated Total Assets" means: 
(a) 
the value of the consolidated total assets of the Group as shown in the most recent annual 
or interim, as the case may be, consolidated financial statements of the Group, 
less 
(b) 
the Heimstaden Bostad Consolidated Total Assets; 
"Material Subsidiary" means, at any particular time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
or whose rental income (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has 
Subsidiaries) represent in each case not less than 5% of the consolidated total assets or, as 
the case may be, consolidated rental income of the Group, all as calculated respectively 
by reference to the then latest audited financial statements (consolidated or, as the case 
may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Group, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary of the Issuer 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Group relate, the reference to the then latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group for the purposes of the calculation above 
shall, until consolidated financial statements for the financial period in which the 
acquisition is made have been prepared and audited as aforesaid, be deemed to be a 
reference to such first-mentioned financial statements as if such Subsidiary had been 
shown in such accounts by reference to its then latest relevant audited financial statements, 
adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Issuer; 
(b) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets 
of a Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material 
Subsidiary pursuant to (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary shall upon such 
transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary and the transferee Subsidiary shall 
cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant to this subparagraph (b) on the date on which 
the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial period current at the

--- Page 88 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 88 - 
70-41028024 
 
date of such transfer have been prepared and audited as aforesaid but so that such 
transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a Material Subsidiary on or at 
any time after the date on which such consolidated financial statements have been prepared 
and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph (a) above or, prior to 
or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this definition; or 
(c) 
to which is transferred an undertaking or assets which, taken together with the undertaking 
or assets of the transferee Subsidiary, generated (or, in the case of the transferee Subsidiary 
being acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of the Group relate, generate rental income equal to) not 
less than 5% of the consolidated rental income, or represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are 
equal to) not less than 5% of the consolidated total assets, of the Group, all as calculated 
as referred to in subparagraph (a) above, provided that the transferor Subsidiary (if a 
Material Subsidiary) shall upon such transfer forthwith cease to be a Material Subsidiary 
unless immediately following such transfer its undertaking and assets generate (or, in the 
case aforesaid, generate rental income equal to) not less than 5% of the consolidated rental 
income, or its assets represent (or, in the case aforesaid, are equal to) not less than 5% of 
the consolidated total assets, of the Group, all as calculated as referred to in subparagraph 
(a) above, and the transferee Subsidiary shall cease to be a Material Subsidiary pursuant 
to this subparagraph (c) on the date on which the consolidated financial statements of the 
Group for the financial period current at the date of such transfer have been prepared and 
audited but so that such transferor Subsidiary or such transferee Subsidiary may be a 
Material Subsidiary on or at any time after the date on which such consolidated accounts 
have been prepared and audited as aforesaid by virtue of the provisions of subparagraph 
(a) above or, prior to or after such date, by virtue of any other applicable provision of this 
definition, 
all as more particularly defined in the Trust Deed. 
A report by an Authorised Signatory of the Issuer (whether or not addressed to the Trustee) that in 
their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or 
throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary may be relied upon by the Trustee without 
further enquiry or evidence and, if relied upon by the Trustee, shall, in the absence of manifest 
error, be conclusive and binding on all parties. 
11. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes or 
Coupons) or the Registrar (in the case of Registered Notes) upon payment by the claimant of such 
costs and expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence 
and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above. If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection 
with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final 
Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or other Agents and/or approve any change in 
the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent and a Registrar; 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) 
and a Transfer Agent (in the case of Registered Notes) with a specified office in such place 
as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and

--- Page 89 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 89 - 
70-41028024 
 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New 
York City in the circumstances described in Condition 6.5 (Payments in respect of VPS Notes). 
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and, in certain 
circumstances specified therein, of the Trustee and do not assume any obligation to, or relationship 
of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or converted or with which it is 
consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to become the successor 
agent. 
13. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further 
Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest 
due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 9 (Prescription). 
14. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Bearer Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published in a leading 
English language daily newspaper of general circulation in London. It is expected that any such 
publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial Times in London. The Issuer shall also 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant authority on which the Bearer Notes are for the time being listed or by 
which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice will be deemed to have 
been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one 
newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. If publication as provided 
above is not practicable, a notice will be given in such other manner, and will be deemed to have 
been given on such date, as the Trustee shall approve. 
All notices regarding the Registered Notes will be deemed to be validly given if sent by first class 
mail or (if posted to an address overseas) by airmail to the holders (or the first named of joint 
holders) at their respective addresses recorded in the Register and will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth day after mailing and, in addition, for so long as any Registered Notes are listed 
on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that 
stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the 
relevant stock exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in 
the place or places required by those rules. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes 
representing the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such mailing the delivery 
of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them 
to the holders of the Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange 
or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or 
relevant authority so require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock 
exchange or relevant authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or 
places required by those rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders 
of the Notes on the day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In the case of VPS Notes, notices shall be given in accordance with the procedures of Euronext 
VPS. Notices to holders of VPS Notes shall be valid if given to Euronext VPS for communication

--- Page 90 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 90 - 
70-41028024 
 
by it to the holders and, so long as the VPS Notes are listed on a stock exchange, the Issuer shall 
ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of such exchange. 
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the VPS Notes one day after 
delivery of such notice to Euronext VPS. 
Notices to be given by any holder of Notes (other than VPS Notes) shall be in writing and given 
by lodging the same, together (in the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or 
Notes, with the Principal Paying Agent (in the case of Bearer Notes) or the Registrar (in the case 
of Registered Notes). Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may 
be given by any holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Registrar and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
15. 
SUBSTITUTION 
The Trustee shall, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, agree with the Issuer 
to the substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 15) as 
the principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of any company being a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, subject to: 
(a) 
the Notes being unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Issuer; 
(b) 
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with; and 
(c) 
in connection with VPS Notes, the substitute becoming party to the VPS Agency 
Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original 
party to it. 
The Trustee may, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, agree with the Issuer 
to the substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute under this Condition 15) as 
the principal debtor under the Notes, the Coupons and the Trust Deed of any company being a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer, subject to: 
(a) 
the Trustee being satisfied that the substitution is not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders; 
(b) 
certain other conditions set out in the Trust Deed being complied with; and 
(c) 
in connection with VPS Notes, the substitute becoming party to the VPS Agency 
Agreement, with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an original 
party to it. 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER, AUTHORISATION 
AND DETERMINATION 
16.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference call 
or by use of a videoconference platform) of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the Notes, the 
Coupons or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer 
or the Trustee and shall be convened by the Issuer if required in writing by Noteholders holding 
not less than 5% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being remaining outstanding. The 
quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50% in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that at any meeting the 
business of which includes the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or the Coupons or 
the Trust Deed (including modifying the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of 
interest thereon, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or the Coupons in certain

--- Page 91 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 91 - 
70-41028024 
 
respects), the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting 
one or more persons holding or representing not less than one-third in nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding. The Trust Deed provides that (i) a resolution passed at a meeting 
duly convened and held in accordance with the Trust Deed by a majority consisting of not less than 
three-quarters of the votes cast on such resolution, (ii) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf 
of the holders of not less than three-quarters in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding or (iii) consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing 
system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
three-quarters in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, shall, in each case, 
be effective as an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. An Extraordinary Resolution 
passed by the Noteholders will be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at 
any such meeting and whether or not they voted on the resolution, and on all Couponholders. 
16.2 
Modification, Waiver, Authorisation and Determination 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these 
Conditions or any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement, or determine, 
without any such consent as aforesaid, that any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default (as 
defined in the Trust Deed) shall not be treated as such (provided that, in any such case, it is not, 
in the opinion of the Trustee, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders) or may 
agree, without any such consent as aforesaid, to any modification which, in its opinion, is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or to correct a manifest error or an error which, in the opinion of 
the Trustee, is proven. 
Additionally, the Issuer may, subject to Condition 5.2(f), vary or amend these Conditions, the Trust 
Deed and/or the Agency Agreement to give effect to certain amendments without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of Noteholders of the relevant Notes or Coupons, as described in 
Condition 5.2(f) and the Trustee shall agree to such variations or amendments on the basis set out 
in Condition 5.2(f). 
16.3 
Trustee to have Regard to Interests of Noteholders as a Class 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of its trusts, powers, authorities and discretions 
(including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, authorisation, determination or 
substitution), the Trustee shall have regard to the general interests of the Noteholders as a class but 
shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances particular to individual 
Noteholders or Couponholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but without limitation, 
shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or 
any political sub-division thereof and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any 
Noteholder or Couponholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person 
any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequences of any such exercise upon 
individual Noteholders or Couponholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 8 
(Taxation) and/or any undertaking or covenant given in addition to, or in substitution for, 
Condition 8 (Taxation) pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
16.4 
Notification to the Noteholders 
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation, determination or substitution shall be binding 
on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any 
modification or substitution shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable 
thereafter in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).

--- Page 92 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 92 - 
70-41028024 
 
17. 
INDEMNIFICATION AND PROTECTION OF THE TRUSTEE AND ITS 
CONTRACTING WITH THE ISSUER 
17.1 
Indemnification and protection of the Trustee 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from 
responsibility and liability towards the Issuer, the Noteholders and the Couponholders, including 
(i) provisions relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction and (ii) provisions limiting or excluding its liability in certain circumstances. The 
Trust Deed provides that, when determining whether an indemnity or any security or pre-funding 
is satisfactory to it, the Trustee shall be entitled (i) to evaluate its risk in any given circumstance 
by considering the worst-case scenario and (ii) to require that any indemnity or security given to it 
by the Noteholders or any of them be given on a joint and several basis and be supported by 
evidence satisfactory to it as to the financial standing and creditworthiness of each counterparty 
and/or as to the value of the security and an opinion as to the capacity, power and authority of each 
counterparty and/or the validity and effectiveness of the security. The Trustee may rely without 
liability to the Noteholders or Couponholders on a report, confirmation or certificate or opinion or 
any advice of any accountants, financial advisers, financial institution or other expert, whether or 
not addressed to it and whether their liability in relation thereto is limited (by its terms or by any 
engagement letter relating thereto entered into by the Trustee or in any other manner) by reference 
to a monetary cap, methodology or otherwise. The Trustee may accept and shall be entitled to rely 
on any such report, opinion, confirmation or certificate or advice and such report, opinion, 
confirmation, or certificate or advice shall be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders. 
17.2 
Trustee Contracting with the Issuer 
The Trust Deed also contains provisions pursuant to which the Trustee is entitled, inter alia, (a) to 
enter into business transactions with the Issuer and/or any of its Subsidiaries and to act as trustee 
for the holders of any other securities issued or guaranteed by, or relating to, the Issuer, or any of 
its Subsidiaries, (b) to exercise and enforce its rights, comply with its obligations and perform its 
duties under or in relation to any such transactions or, as the case may be, any such trusteeship 
without regard to the interests of, or consequences for, the Noteholders or Couponholders and (c) 
to retain and not be liable to account for any profit made or any other amount or benefit received 
thereby or in connection therewith. 
17.3 
Trustee Actions 
The Trustee may refrain from taking any action in any jurisdiction if the taking of such action in 
that jurisdiction would, in its opinion based upon legal advice in the relevant jurisdiction, be 
contrary to any law of that jurisdiction. Furthermore, the Trustee may also refrain from taking such 
action if it would otherwise render it liable to any person in that jurisdiction or if, in its opinion 
based upon such legal advice, it would not have the power to do the relevant thing in that 
jurisdiction by virtue of any applicable law in that jurisdiction or if it is determined by any court 
or other competent authority in that jurisdiction that it does not have such power. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes 
or the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and 
the date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a 
single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
19. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 93 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 93 - 
70-41028024 
 
20. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
20.1 
Governing law 
(a) 
The Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
English law, except that the registration of VPS Notes in Euronext VPS as well as the 
recording and transfer of ownership to, and other interests in, VPS Notes are governed by, 
and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
(b) 
VPS Notes must comply with the Norwegian Central Securities Depositories Act of 15 
March 2019 no. 6 which implements Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 into Norwegian law, 
and, to the extent applicable, the Norwegian Securities Register Act of 5 July 2002 no. 64, 
as amended from time to time, and the holders of VPS Notes will be entitled to the rights 
and are subject to the obligations and liabilities which arise under this Act and any related 
regulations and legislation. 
(c) 
The VPS Agency Agreement (and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the VPS Agency Agreement) are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Norwegian law. 
20.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 20.2(c) below, the English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle 
any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes and/or the 
Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, validity, interpretation, performance, 
breach or termination or the consequences of their nullity and any dispute relating to any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed, the Notes 
and/or the Coupons (a "Dispute") and accordingly each of the Issuer and the Trustee and 
any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 20.2, the Issuer waives any objection to the English 
courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any 
Dispute. 
(c) 
To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee, the Noteholders and the Couponholders may, 
in respect of any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with 
jurisdiction; and (ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
20.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer irrevocably appoints Heimstaden Holding U.K. Ltd at One Fleet Place, London, 
England, EC4M 7WS as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English 
courts in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Heimstaden Holding U.K. Ltd 
being unable or unwilling for any reason so to act, it will immediately appoint another person 
approved by the Trustee as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any Dispute. 
The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify any of it of any process will not invalidate 
service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law. 
20.4 
Other documents 
The Issuer has in the Trust Deed and Agency Agreement submitted to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts and appointed an agent for service of process in terms substantially similar to those set out 
above.

--- Page 94 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 94 - 
70-41028024 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer for general corporate purposes, unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
If Special Redemption Event Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms as "Applicable", the use of 
proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms as being acquisition consideration, directly or indirectly, in 
whole or in part, and related fees in respect of the acquisition of the Acquisition Target. The Final Terms 
may also state the potential use for general corporate purposes or other purposes if the Special Redemption 
Event occurs but the Issuer elects not to exercise the Special Redemption Event Call (if the Basis of the 
Call is specified as Optional).

--- Page 95 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 95 - 
70-41028024 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General Information 
The Issuer's legal and commercial name is Heimstaden AB (publ) ("Heimstaden AB"), its corporate 
registration number is 556670-0455 and it was incorporated on 31 July 2004. 
Heimstaden AB is incorporated in Sweden and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office 
(Bolagsverket). Heimstaden AB is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) subject to the 
Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act 
(årsredovisningslagen (1995:1554)). Heimstaden AB's registered office is Östra Promenaden 7A, SE-211 
28 Malmö, Sweden. The telephone number of Heimstaden AB is +46 (0)770-111-040. 
Heimstaden AB is an industrial investor which owns, directly and indirectly, several partly and wholly-
owned subsidiaries as well as associated entities (intressebolag) through which the Issuer's operations are 
conducted and the Issuer's properties are owned. The Issuer is also the investment, asset, property and 
facility manager of Heimstaden Bostad. 
All Group employees are employed by the Issuer Group, except for the employees of entities in Czech 
Republic and entities in the Akelius Portfolio in Sweden, Denmark and Germany, all of whom are employed 
by Heimstaden Bostad and its subsidiaries. 
The Issuer is currently present in several European markets. The Issuer is the parent company of the Group. 
A significant part of the Issuer's and the Group's operations, assets and income concerns the subsidiary 
Heimstaden Bostad, which is owned by the Issuer together with various investors, among others, Alecta, 
Folksam Group, Sandvik Pension Fund, Ericsson Pension Fund and the Swedish Pension Agency 
(Pensionsmyndigheten). As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer owned approximately 50.1% of the votes and 
approximately 45.0% of the total number of shares in Heimstaden Bostad. The Issuer has an asset 
management agreement with Heimstaden Bostad, whereby the Issuer provides Heimstaden Bostad with 
among other things, accounting functions, transaction teams, HR function, and senior executives. 
Additionally, the Issuer has other holdings, with the largest being a residential property portfolio in Iceland 
comprising 1,653 units. 
In October 2019, a revised shareholders agreement was signed for Heimstaden Bostad which enabled the 
Issuer to bring in several institutional owners. In December 2019, Folksam Group became the second 
largest institutional owner of Heimstaden Bostad through its companies Folksam Sak and Folksam Livs as 
well as KPA Pension, and in 2021 the Swedish Pensions Agency (Pensionsmyndigheten), 
Försäkringsbranschens Pensionskassa ("FPK") and a Swiss pension fund entered as new investors in 
Heimstaden Bostad. In 2022, Allianz Real Estate ("Allianz") became an equity investor through a joint 
venture – see further "– Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures – Allianz and Heimstaden Bostad 
joint venture". Institutional owners strengthen the capital base and provide a seal of quality for the 
operations conducted in Heimstaden when value-driven and long-term actors choose to become owners of 
Heimstaden Bostad. 
The combination of having a fully committed and knowledgeable industrial owner supported by long-term 
institutional partners, provides Heimstaden Bostad with access to the expertise and financial strength 
needed to identify and capitalise on attractive investment opportunities. 
Group Structure 
The Issuer's majority owner is Fredensborg AS, a Norwegian investment company indirectly owned by Ivar 
Tollefsen (who holds approximately 98% of the shares and 100% of the votes in Fredensborg AS). All 
ordinary shares of the Issuer are owned by Fredensborg AS. Ivar Tollefsen is thereby indirectly holding 
approximately 70.8% of the share capital and 96.0% of the votes in the Issuer. 
The Issuer owns, directly and indirectly, several partly and wholly-owned subsidiaries as well as associated 
entities (intressebolag) through which the Issuer's operations are conducted and through which the Issuer's 
properties are owned. The Issuer is dependent on its subsidiaries and associated entities in order to generate 
profit and cash flow and, thus, to be able to meet its obligations under the Bonds. In addition, the Issuer is 
dependent on companies within the Group for certain aspects of its operations and administration.

--- Page 96 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 96 - 
70-41028024 
 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group, in total, consists of 1,245 Group Companies (including the Issuer), of 
which 507 Group Companies are incorporated in Sweden, 317 Group Companies are incorporated in 
Denmark, 107 Group Companies are incorporated in Norway, 55 Group Companies are incorporated in the 
Netherlands, 196 Group Companies are incorporated in Germany, 8 Group Companies are incorporated in 
Czech Republic, 12 Group Companies are incorporated in Poland, 5 Group companies are incorporated in 
Iceland, 31 Group companies are incorporated in Finland and 7 Group Companies are incorporated in the 
United Kingdom. 
Shareholders 
Equity 
According to its articles of association, the Issuer's share capital shall be no less than SEK 60,000,000 and 
not more than SEK 240,000,000 divided into no less than 60,000,000 shares and not more than 240,000,000 
shares. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the number of shares in the Issuer was 190,633,750 shares, 
divided among 132,040,000 ordinary shares and 58,593,750 preference shares. The Issuer may issue further 
ordinary shares and preference shares from time to time.  
The Issuer's preference shares are listed at Nasdaq First North Growth Market under the ticker HEIM PREF. 
Board of Directors, Management and Auditors 
Board of Directors 
Brief biographies of the members of the board of directors of Heimstaden AB, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, are set out below. The business address of the board of directors of Heimstaden AB is Östra 
Promenaden 7A, SE-211 28 Malmö, Sweden. 
Ivar Tollefsen 
Ivar is the majority owner and chairman of Heimstaden AB. He is also a board member of Heimstaden 
Bostad and Fredensborg AS. Ivar is a long-term investor with a special interest in residential real estate. 
John Giverholt 
John has extensive capital markets experience as CFO of DNB and CEO of leading Norwegian family 
office Ferd. He also has extensive board experience from listed companies, such as Telenor, Kongsberg 
Gruppen, Gjensidige and Scatec Solar as well as board positions in family-owned businesses. He also sits 
on the boards of Fredensborg and Heimstaden Bostad. 
Vibeke Krag 
Vibeke previously served as CEO of Codan Forsikring A/S and has extensive board experience from 
companies such as Gjensidige Forsikring ASA, Nykredit A/S and the Danish Competition and Consumer 
Authority. The Ministry of Finance recently appointed her to the board of ATP, Denmark’s largest 
institutional investor. 
Fredrik Reinfeldt 
Fredrik is an experienced politician who led the New Moderates for 12 years and served as Sweden's Prime 
Minister for two terms. After retiring from politics in 2015, Fredrik has had assignments as an advisor to 
Nordic Capital and Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Fredrik's current assignment is as Chairman of the 
Board of the Center for AMP and the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative. 
Senior Management 
Brief biographies of Heimstaden AB's senior management team as at the date of this Base Prospectus, are 
set out below. 
Patrik Hall, Chief Executive Officer 
Patrik has been CEO in Heimstaden since 2003. Patrik started out his career as an Officer in the military, 
followed by a position as Chief Negotiator with the Swedish National Tenants’ Association.

--- Page 97 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 97 - 
70-41028024 
 
Magnus Nordholm, Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
Magnus has been with Heimstaden since 2008. Previously, Magnus has held positions the Deputy Head of 
Nordic Real Estate Products & Head of Structured Real Estate Financing in HSH Nordbank AG and as 
Business Manager at HSH N Nordic Finance AB. Magnus announced his resignation in January 2022, but 
will retain his position for a period of time from the date of this Base Prospctus to ensure a smooth handover 
process. 
Arve Regland, Chief Financial Officer 
Arve has extensive experience within finance and real estate with a background as CEO and CFO at Entra 
ASA, Partner Corporate Finance at ABG Sundal Collier and Manager at EY. 
Helge Krogsbøl, Deputy Chief Executive Officer 
Helge has extensive experience in executive positions as SVP in Pandox AB, GM at Benelux Thon Hotels, 
MP Room2Room and as CEO at First Hotels. 
Eddo Rats, Co-Chief Operating Officer 
Eddo Rats has more than 20 years of management experience, built up in both the residential real estate as 
well as the hotel industry. 
Jordan Milewicz, Co-Chief Operating Officer 
Jordan has previously served as Head of Europe at Akelius, where he has been responsible for operations 
in the company. 
Karmen Mandic, Chief Brand and Marketing Communications Officer 
Karmen has a substantial background in marketing with experience as Global Director of Marketing and 
Communication at OctoFrost Group, Head of Global Brand Licensing Partnerships and Global Marketing 
Activation Manager at Sony Mobile, and Head of Marketing at Western Union. 
Christian Vammervold Dreyer, Chief Communications Officer 
Christian holds substantial experience in the real estate sector, he has previously been CEO for Real Estate 
Norway, CEO of Eie Eiendomsmegling, Chairman of the Board of the Norwegian Realtor Association, and 
Owner and CEO of In-Vest Eiendomsmegling AS. 
Suzanna Malmgren, Chief Human Resources Officer 
Our Chief People and Culture Officer, Suzanna, has extensive experience within Management Consulting 
and HR whereof 11 years in the role as executive search consultant and Partner at Alumni. 
Katarina Skalare, Chief Sustainability Officer 
Katarina holds considerable experience within sustainability work, and in addition to an entrepreneurial 
background, has worked as Sustainability Strategist at Kraftringen, Manager of Sustainable Business 
Solutions at PwC, and Manager for Corporate Responsibility at E.ON Nordic. 
Christian Fladeland, co-Chief Investment Officer 
Christian has extensive experience within real estate investment management from his position as Partner 
at Colliers International Denmark. 
Søren Vendelbo Jacobsen, co-Chief Investment Officer 
Søren has extensive experience within real estate investment management as Head of Real Estate and 
Infrastructure at Sampension.

--- Page 98 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 98 - 
70-41028024 
 
Roger Reksten Stølsnes, Chief Risk Officer 
Roger’s background consists of several leadership positions in Telenor, Equinor, Realkapital Partners and 
Holte Consulting. 
Rodin Lie, Chief Technology Officer 
Rodin brings with him a strong background in technology and innovation and has previously held the 
positions as CDO in Selmer, CDO in Innovation Norway and CTO in NOS Clearing. 
Anders Thorsson, Chief Procurement Officer 
Anders has vast experience in procurement and has previously held the positions Strategic Sourcing 
Director and Commodity Manager Traded Goods at Lindab, Manager of NCC Supply and of NCC 
Purchasing Group Shanghai. 
Paul Spina, Chief Asset Management & Development Officer 
Paul has his real estate experience from WeWork where he held the position as Head of Project Delivery 
at WeWork International as well as Development Director, Tri-State at WeWork. 
Erik Gullestad Glæsel 
Erik, previously Managing Director of Fredensborg’s Investment Team has previous experience as a 
Management Consultant at Arkwright and the Corporate Finance M&A Department at Arctic Securities. 
Conflicts of Interest 
Other than as set out below, to the Issuer's knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between 
any duties owed to the Issuer by members of the board or the management of the Issuer and their private 
interests and/or other duties. There are no family ties or the like between any board members and the senior 
management. There are no agreements between the Issuer and major shareholders, customers, suppliers or 
other parties according to which any board member is elected onto the board of directors or senior 
management are added as senior managers. Although the Issuer is not currently aware of any potential 
conflicts of interest, it cannot be excluded that conflicts of interest may come to arise between companies 
in which members of the board and members of the management have duties, and the Issuer. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
• 
Magnus Nordholm and Patrik Hall are direct shareholders in Heimstaden Bostad (each own 5,080 
shares in Heimstaden Bostad) and are employed by one of the majority shareholders. 
• 
Ivar Tollefsen and John Giverholt hold board positions in the Issuer's parent company, Fredensborg 
AS and/or subsidiaries of Fredensborg AS. 
• 
Several members of management participate in a share-based incentive program offered by the 
Issuer’s indirect parent company Fredensborg AS or hold directly or indirectly shares in 
Heimstaden Bostad. 
• 
Christian Fladeland indirectly holds a minority stake (less than 10%) in Keystone Investment 
Management A/S which provides advice and management to major international investors 
regarding real estate investment in Denmark. 
Auditors 
At Heimstaden AB's annual general meeting, held on 8 April 2021, Ernst & Young AB was appointed as 
Heimstaden AB's auditor and Peter von Knorring and Jonas Scensson from Ernst & Young AB, an 
authorised auditor, was appointed as the auditor in charge, each to serve until the end of the next annual 
general meeting.

--- Page 99 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 99 - 
70-41028024 
 
Peter von Knorring has been the auditor in charge of Heimstaden since 2015. Peter von Knorring and Jonas 
Svensson are members of FAR (Föreningen Auktoriserade Revisorer), which is the professional institute 
for the accountancy sector in Sweden. 
Ernst & Young AB's address is Hamngatan 26, våning 11, 111 47 Stockholm 
The Issuer as a standalone entity 
The chart below shows an overview of the Issuer Group's debt maturity profile as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Issuer Group's non-audited debt maturity profile (SEK billion) 
 
The chart below shows an overview of the Issuer Group's ownership in Heimstaden Bostad and the Issuer 
Group's assets and liabilities as of 31 December 2021. 
Issuer Group's assets and liabilities (non-audited) (SEK million) as of 31 December 2021 
 
 
Note: 
(1) Capital means Heimstaden Bostad's net asset value excluding non-controlling interest and hybrid bonds with accrued interest. 
(2) Secured debt excluding Heimstaden Bostad deferred charges effect on Heimstaden AB debt.

--- Page 100 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 100 - 
70-41028024 
 
The table below shows an overview of the Issuer Group's financial policy figures as of 31 December 2021 
compared to 31 December 2020. 
Financial Policy 
Financial Policy 
Targets 
As of 31 December 
(non-audited) 
 
 
2021 
2020 
 
 
 
 
Loan-to-Value .............................................  
< 30 
26.4 
3.4 
Interest Coverage Ratio (rolling 12 months) 
(multiple) .................................................  
≥ 2.0 
7.1 
8.7 
Interest Coverage Ratio, including hybrid 
costs (rolling 12 months) (multiple) .........  
≥ 1.5 
4.3 
2.9 
 
The table below shows an overview of the Issuer's ownership per share class in Heimstaden Bostad as of 
31 December 2021. 
Heimstaden’s ownership in Heimstaden Bostad 
As of 31 December 2021 
 
(SEK million) 
(Per cent. of capital)1,2  
(Per cent. of 
votes)1 
Preference share A ...........................................  
444 
100.0 
100.0 
Preference share B ............................................  
24,209 
32.9 
32.9 
Preference share C ............................................  
1 
100.0 
100.0 
Common shares ................................................  
35,974 
59.2 
59.2 
Total ................................................................  
60,627 
45.0 
50.1 
 
Note: 
(1) Per cent. refers to Heimstaden’s share of the total share class based on capital or votes. 
(2) Capital means Heimstaden Bostad's net asset value excluding non-controlling interest and hybrid bonds with accrued interest. 
The table below provides an overview of the Icelandic portfolio as of 31 December 2021: 
Note: 
(1) The valuation of Icelandic properties is based on sales comparison. Two components are needed for a sales comparison, a 
standardised price and identical assets. Registers Iceland, the state registry for real estate, provides information on the sales price per 
sqm in the neighbourhood of each apartment in the portfolio and adjusts for the size and number of rooms. Based on this data, an 
average price per sqm is calculated based on size, number of rooms and year of transaction. The average of official sales prices from 
the current period, or if not available the most recent from earlier periods, is allocated to each apartment to assess the value. 
 
Recent Developments 
Allianz and Heimstaden Bostad joint venture 
On 22 December 2021, Heimstaden Bostad announced that Allianz, on behalf of Allianz companies, will 
invest SEK 7.9 billion in part of the portfolio of properties Heimstaden Bostad recently acquired from 
Akelius in Sweden, forming a joint venture on the SEK 30.4 billion portfolio located in Malmö and 
Stockholm. The transaction closed in January 2022. See the section "Description of Heimstaden Bostad – 
Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures – Allianz and Heimstaden Bostad joint venture" for more 
information. 
Heimstaden Bostad Treasury B.V. ("HBT"), a subsidiary of Heimstaden Bostad,  has issued EUR 500m as 
a 2NC1 senior unsecured bond 
On 5 January 2022, HBT issued EUR 500 million floating rate notes under its EMTN programme. The 
notes have a maturity of two years with a call option at par after approximately one year and carry a floating 
rate to maturity of 3 months EURIBOR plus 55 bps. 
 
Iceland 
Fair value of investment 
properties(1) 
Homes 
Residential share 
Regulated income 
 
(SEK million) 
(units) 
(%) 
Total .............................  
4,494 
1,653 
100.0 
0.0

--- Page 101 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 101 - 
70-41028024 
 
HBT has issued EUR 1.2 billion of senior unsecured bonds 
On 24 January 2022, HBT issued EUR 1,200 million senior unsecured fixed rate notes with 3.5- and 6.5- 
year tenors under its EMTN programme. The EUR 700 million 3.5 years note, and EUR 500 million 6.5 
years note carries an annual coupon of 0.625% and 1.375%, respectively.

--- Page 102 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 102 - 
70-41028024 
 
SELECTED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS OF THE ISSUER 
Alternative performance measures 
The Issuer applies the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") Guidelines on the Alternative 
Performance Measures (issued on 5 October 2015) (the "ESMA guidelines"). The Issuer presents certain 
financial measures that are not defined in accordance with IFRS. The Issuer believes that these measures 
provide valuable additional information to investors and management as they enable assessment of the 
Group's performance. Since not all companies calculate financial measures in the same way, these are not 
always comparable to measurements used by other companies. Accordingly, these financial measures 
should not be considered as a replacement for measures defined in accordance with IFRS. Further details 
are provided below in respect of alternative performance measures used in this Base Prospectus. 
Please note that the alternative performance measures outlined below may not be calculated in the same 
way as similar financial measures referred to in the Conditions.  
The Issuer as an isolated entity 
Below are key performance indicators of the Issuer Group. This mainly consists of the shares in Heimstaden 
Bostad and a sole investment property and excludes the properties, debt and cash position of Heimstaden 
Bostad. This information has been sourced from the Issuer's internal accounting systems. 
Heimstaden share of capital 
Heimstaden share of capital is a measure of the value of the shares in Heimstaden Bostad held by the Issuer 
and is measured as Heimstaden Bostad's net asset value excluding non-controlling interest and hybrid bonds 
with accrued interest. This is relevant to show the value of parts of the assets held by the Issuer as an isolated 
entity. 
Relevant assets 
Relevant assets is a measure of the value of the shares in Heimstaden Bostad held by the Issuer and the 
investment properties owned by the Issuer. This is relevant to show the value of the assets held by the Issuer 
as an isolated entity. 
Net interest-bearing debt 
Net interest-bearing debt is a measure of the indebtedness less the cash position of the Issuer as an isolated 
entity. The secured debt is excluding Heimstaden Bostad’s deferred charges effect on Heimstaden AB debt. 
The Issuer considers net interest-bearing debt to be relevant to measure its indebtedness. 
Net Loan-to-Value (%) 
The loan-to-value ratio is calculated by dividing net interest-bearing debt by relevant assets. This is a key 
performance measure that the Issuer considers to be relevant for assessing the indebtedness of the Issuer as 
an isolated entity in relation to its assets. 
Operating profit/loss 
The operating profit/loss shows the income for the Issuer as an isolated entity. Operating income minus 
operating costs. The operating profit/loss is included in adjusted earnings. 
Adjusted earnings 
Adjusted earnings is a key performance measure that shows the income for the Issuer as an isolated entity 
used to pay for interest costs and other costs related to the ongoing business of the Issuer as an isolated 
entity and consists of income from its investment properties, the income from the management of 
Heimstaden Bostad's assets and the dividends from the shares in Heimstaden Bostad, held by the Issuer. 
The Issuer considers this to be relevant for assessing the ability of the Issuer as an isolated entity to pay the 
interest costs on its debt.

--- Page 103 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 103 - 
70-41028024 
 
Financial costs 
Financial costs is a key performance measure that shows the costs related to the indebtedness of the Issuer 
as an isolated entity including interest-bearing debt and hybrid bonds. The Issuer considers this key 
performance measure to be relevant to assess the funding costs related to the assets in the Issuer as an 
isolated entity. 
Interest coverage ratio (rolling 12 months) (multiple) 
Adjusted earnings divided by interest expenses. Interest coverage ratio is a key performance measure that 
the Issuer considers to be relevant for assessing the ability of the Issuer as an isolated entity to pay interest 
on interest-bearing liabilities, make strategic investments and to fulfil its commitments under financing 
agreements. 
Interest coverage ratio, including hybrid costs (rolling 12 months) (multiple) 
Adjusted earnings divided by financial costs including hybrid costs. Interest coverage ratio is a key 
performance measure that the Issuer considers to be relevant for assessing the ability of the Issuer as an 
isolated entity to pay interest on interest bearing liabilities, make strategic investments and to fulfil its 
commitments under financing agreements. 
The table below sets out the ways in which certain key data, which is considered "alternative" according to 
the ESMA guidelines, is derived. 
Derivation of key data considered alternative according to the ESMA guidelines 
 
As of / for the year ending 
31 December 
 
2021 
(audited) 
 
2020 
(audited) 
 
(SEK millions, unless otherwise 
stated) 
Relevant assets 
 
 
 
Heimstaden share of capital......................................................................................................  
60,624 
 
30,402 
Investment properties ...............................................................................................................  
5,083 
 
622 
Relevant assets ........................................................................................................................  
65,707 
 
31,024 
 
 
 
 
Net interest-bearing debt 
 
 
 
Interest-bearing secured liabilities ............................................................................................  
1,622 
 
301 
Interest-bearing unsecured liabilities ........................................................................................  
16,709 
 
4,000 
Interest-bearing liabilities ......................................................................................................  
18,331 
 
4,301 
Cash and cash equivalents ........................................................................................................  
-980 
 
-3,269 
Net interest-bearing debt .......................................................................................................  
17,351 
 
1,031 
 
 
 
 
Net Loan-to-Value (%) 
 
 
 
Net interest-bearing debt ..........................................................................................................  
17,351 
 
1,031 
Relevant assets .........................................................................................................................  
65,707 
 
31,023 
Net Loan-to-Value (%) ..........................................................................................................  
26.4 
 
3.3 
 
 
 
 
Operating profit/loss 
 
 
 
Operating income .....................................................................................................................  
430 
 
262 
Operating cost ..........................................................................................................................  
-312 
 
-218 
Operating profit/loss ..............................................................................................................  
117 
 
44 
 
 
 
 
Adjusted earnings 
 
 
 
Operating profit/loss .................................................................................................................  
117 
 
44 
Pref A dividends .......................................................................................................................  
277 
 
184 
Common dividends ..................................................................................................................  
1,636 
 
400 
Pref B dividends .......................................................................................................................  
553 
 
349 
Adjusted earnings ...................................................................................................................  
2,582 
 
977 
 
 
 
 
Financial costs 
 
 
 
Interest expenses ......................................................................................................................  
-361 
 
-113 
Hybrid cost ...............................................................................................................................  
-241 
 
-230 
Financial costs ........................................................................................................................  
-602 
 
-343 
 
 
 
 
Interest Coverage Ratio (rolling 12 months) (multiple) 
 
 
 
Adjusted earnings .....................................................................................................................  
2,582 
 
977 
Interest expenses ......................................................................................................................  
-361 
 
-113 
Interest Coverage Ratio (rolling 12 months) (multiple)........................................................ 
7.1 
 
8.7

--- Page 104 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 104 - 
70-41028024 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest Coverage Ratio, including hybrid costs (rolling 12 months) (multiple) 
 
 
 
Adjusted earnings .....................................................................................................................  
2,582 
 
977 
Financial costs ..........................................................................................................................  
-602 
 
-343 
Interest Coverage Ratio, including hybrid costs (rolling 12 months) (multiple)................  
4.3 
 
2.9

--- Page 105 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 105 - 
70-41028024 
 
PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION IN RESPECT OF THE ISSUER 
On 26 September 2021 Heimstaden Bostad entered into agreements to carry out the purchase of property 
portfolios from Akelius in Germany, Sweden, and Denmark (the "Acquisitions"). Following the closing of 
the Acquisitions on 1 December 2021, the pro forma income statement has been created as an illustration 
of how the results for the Issuer for the period 1 January 2021 to 31 December 2021 could have looked if 
the Acquisitions were carried out on 1 January 2021. The balance sheet for the same period has not been 
provided because the Acquisitions closed prior to 31 December 2021 and the assets and liabilities are 
therefore included in the audited financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
which are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
The following pro forma financial information has been produced for illustrative purposes only and the 
hypothetical financial position or results included in the pro forma financial information may differ from 
the Issuer's actual financial position or results. It also does not show the financial position or the results of 
the business at a future point in time. 
The pro forma income statement has been prepared in a manner consistent with the accounting policies 
adopted by the Issuer in preparing its financial statements for the twelve months ended 31 December 2021. 
Third Party Information 
The financial information of Akelius has been extracted from management accounts provided by Akelius 
to the Issuer. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as 
it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information made available to it by Akelius, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 106 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 106 - 
70-41028024 
 
Independent auditor's assurance report on the compilation of pro forma financial information 
included in this Base Prospectus 
To the Board of Directors of Heimstaden AB (publ) 
Stockholm, 16 March 2022 
Report on the Compilation of Pro Forma Financial Information Included in a Prospectus 
We have completed our assurance engagement to report on the compilation of unaudited pro forma financial 
information of Heimstaden AB (publ) (the "Company") by the Board of Directors of the Company. The 
pro forma financial information consists of the unaudited pro forma income statement for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 and related notes as set out on pages 108 to 109 of the base prospectus issued by 
the Company on 16 March 2022. The applicable criteria on the basis of which the Board of Directors has 
compiled the pro forma financial information are specified in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/980 of 14 March 2019 and described in the notes (applicable criteria). 
The pro forma financial information has been compiled by the Board of Directors to illustrate the impact 
of the Company’s subsidiary Heimstaden Bostad AB’s with Swedish registration number 556864-0873 
("Heimstaden Bostad") acquisition of all shares in each of Akelius Bolig Holding ApS, with Danish 
registration number 37 22 21 19, Akelius Lägenheter AB, with Swedish registration number 556549-6360, 
Akelius GmbH (registered with the commercial register kept at the local court of Charlottenburg under 
registration number HRB 101392 B), Akelius Lots GmbH & Co. KG (registered with the commercial 
register kept at the local court of Charlottenburg under registration number (HRA 47950 B) and the direct 
and indirect subsidiaries of Akelius GmbH (together, the "Akelius Portfolio"), had taken place at 1 January 
2021. 
As part of this process, information about the Company's balance sheet and income statement has been 
extracted by the Board of Directors from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 on which an auditors' report has been published and information about the Akelius 
Portfolio's balance sheet and income statement has been extracted from management accounts provided by 
Akelius for the eleven month period ended 30 November 2021, on which no auditors' review report has 
been issued.  
The Board of Directors' Responsibility for the Pro Forma Financial Information 
The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for compiling the pro forma financial information 
on the basis of the applicable criteria. 
Our Independence and Quality Control 
We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements for Professional Accountants in 
Sweden, which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and 
due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour. 
The firm applies International Standard on Quality Control 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits 
and Reviews of Financial Statements, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements and 
accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and 
procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. 
Independent Auditor's Responsibilities 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion, as required by Annex 20 item 3 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, about whether the pro forma financial information has been 
compiled, in all material respects, by the Board of Directors of the Company on the basis of the applicable 
criteria. 
We conducted our engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 
(ISAE) 3420, Assurance Engagements to Report on the Compilation of Pro Forma Financial Information

--- Page 107 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 107 - 
70-41028024 
 
Included in a Prospectus, issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. This 
standard requires that the independent auditor comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform 
procedures to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Board of Directors has compiled, in all 
material respects, the pro forma financial information on the basis of the applicable criteria. We confirm 
that we do not have a material interest in the Company. 
For purposes of this engagement, we are not responsible for updating or reissuing any reports or opinions 
on any historical financial information used in compiling the pro forma financial information, nor have we, 
in the course of this engagement, performed an audit or review of the financial information used in 
compiling the pro forma financial information. 
The purpose of pro forma financial information included in a prospectus is solely to illustrate the impact of 
a significant event or transaction on unadjusted financial information of the entity as if the event had 
occurred or the transaction had been undertaken at an earlier date selected for purposes of the illustration. 
Accordingly, we do not provide any assurance that the actual outcome of the event or transaction at 31 
December 2021 would have been as presented. 
A reasonable assurance engagement to report on whether the pro forma financial information has been 
compiled, in all material respects, on the basis of the applicable criteria involves performing procedures to 
assess whether the applicable criteria used by the Board of Directors in the compilation of the pro forma 
financial information provide a reasonable basis for presenting the significant effects directly attributable 
to the event or transaction, and to obtain sufficient appropriate evidence about whether: 
• 
The related pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those criteria; and 
• 
The pro forma financial information reflects the proper application of those adjustments to the 
unadjusted financial information. 
The procedures selected depend on the independent auditor's judgment, having regard to the independent 
auditor's understanding of the nature of the company, the event or transaction in respect of which the pro 
forma financial information has been compiled, and other relevant engagement circumstances. 
The engagement also involves evaluating the overall presentation of the pro forma financial information. 
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. 
Opinion 
In our opinion, the pro forma financial information has been properly compiled on the basis stated and such 
basis is consistent with the accounting policies of Heimstaden AB (publ). 
Ernst & Young AB 
 
Jonas Svensson 
Authorised public accountant

--- Page 108 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 108 - 
70-41028024 
 
Income Statement 
 
 
 
Pro forma Adjustments 
 
Twelve months ending 31 December 2021 
 
Heimstaden AB 
(publ)(1) 
Akelius Portfolio (2) 
Acquisition related 
adjustments 
Footnotes 
Pro forma 
  
(SEK, millions) 
Rental income .............................................................................................  
9,027 
2,442 
 
 
11,469 
Service income ........................................................................................... . 
658 
345 
 
 
1,003 
Property costs ..............................................................................................  
-4,110 
-1,107 
 
 
-5,217 
Net operating income ................................................................................  
5,575 
1,680 
 
 
7,256 
Corporate administrative expenses ..............................................................  
-417 
-146 
3 
B, C 
-560 
Other operating income ...............................................................................  
11 
8 
 
 
19 
Other operating expenses ............................................................................  
-2,343 
4 
-10 
B 
-2,349 
Share of net profits of associates and joint ventures ....................................  
326 
-295 
- 
 
41 
Profit before inventory properties and fair value adjustments ..............  
3,152 
1,252 
-8 
 
4,396 
Fair value adjustment of investment properties ...........................................  
21,903 
15,538 
- 
 
37,442 
Gains/losses from sale of inventory properties ............................................  
-2 
54 
- 
 
52 
Operating profit ........................................................................................  
25,053 
16,845 
-8 
 
41,890 
Interest expenses on interest-bearing liabilities ...........................................  
-1,725 
-128 
-483 
A 
-2,336 
Financial income ........................................................................................ . 
162 
- 
- 
 
162 
Net foreign exchange gains/losses ...............................................................  
-63 
-5 
- 
 
-69 
Fair value adjustment of derivative financial instruments ...........................  
819 
2 
- 
 
821 
Other financial items ...................................................................................  
-52 
-301 
294 
B 
-59 
Profit before tax.........................................................................................  
24,194 
16,413 
-197 
 
40,410 
Current tax expense .....................................................................................  
-501 
-88 
- 
 
-589 
Deferred tax expense ...................................................................................  
-4,691 
-3,641 
- 
 
-8,331 
Profit for the period ..................................................................................  
19,003 
12,685 
-197 
 
31,490 
Other comprehensive income/loss ...............................................................  
3,640 
- 
- 
 
3,640 
Comprehensive income for the period .....................................................  
22,643 
12,685 
-197 
 
35,131 
 _______________  
Profit for the period attributable to (3) ..........................................................  
 
 
 
 
 
The Parent Company’s shareholders 
10,208 
6,814 
-106 
 
16,916 
Non-controlling interests 
8,795 
5,871 
-91 
 
14,574 
 
Comprehensive income for the period attributable to (3) ..............................  
 
 
 
 
 
Parent company’s ordinary shareholders 
12,267 
6,902 
-107 
 
19,062 
Parent company’s preference shareholders 
100 
- 
- 
 
100 
Non-controlling interests 
10,276 
5,782 
-90 
 
15,969 
 
Notes to the Income Statement: 
(1) The financial information in respect of the Issuer is sourced from its audited consolidated financial statements in respect of the twelve months ended 31 December 
2021, incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. The financial information includes one month of data in regard to the Akelius portfolio from the closing 
date of 1 December 2021.

--- Page 109 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 109 - 
70-41028024 
 
(2) The financial information in respect of the Akelius Portfolio is sourced from management accounts prepared by Akelius in respect of the period during 2021 in which 
the portfolio was owned by Akelius, the eleven month period ended 30 November 2021. 
(3) Profit for the period and Comprehensive income for the period are allocated between the parent company shareholders and non-controlling interest based on the same 
allocation as reported in Heimstaden AB’s consolidated financial statements for the twelve months ended 31 December 2021. 
Adjustments (without a continuing impact on the Issuer): 
A. Interest expenses on interest-bearing liabilities is increased by SEK 483 million to reflect committed bridge financing in Heimstaden. 
B. Akelius inter-company items are based on IFRS figures from the sellers of the acquired companies, the financing under Akelius's property portfolio would not be 
applicable where the acquired companies are owned by Heimstaden Bostad and the Akelius inter-company items are therefore removed and new calculations of 
Heimstaden Bostad represented mirroring full ownership by Heimstaden Bostad for the full period. Akelius inter-company items are removed to mirror Heimstaden 
Bostad ownership, decreasing Corporate administration expenses of SEK 121 million. Akelius inter-company items are removed to mirror Heimstaden Bostad 
ownership, increasing other operating cost of SEK 10 million. Akelius inter-company items are removed to mirror Heimstaden Bostad ownership, increasing Other 
financial items of SEK 294 million. Net effect of removal of Akelius inter-company items, increases Comprehensive income of SEK 405 million. 
C. Corporate administrative expenses costs are increased SEK 119 million to reflect Heimstaden ownership.

--- Page 110 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 110 - 
70-41028024 
 
DESCRIPTION OF HEIMSTADEN BOSTAD 
General Information 
Heimstaden Bostad's legal and commercial name is Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ) ("Heimstaden Bostad" 
and together with its subsidiaries taken as a whole, the "Heimstaden Bostad Group"), its corporate 
registration number is 556864-0873 and it was incorporated on 12 September 2011. 
Heimstaden Bostad is incorporated in Sweden and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration 
Office (Bolagsverket). Heimstaden Bostad is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) subject 
to the Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) and the Swedish Annual Accounts Act 
(årsredovisningslagen (1995:1554)). Heimstaden Bostad's registered office is Östra Promenaden 7A, SE-
211 28 Malmö, Sweden. The telephone number of Heimstaden Bostad is +46 (0)77-011 10 50. 
Heimstaden Bostad is a property company whose principal business is to invest in residential properties. 
The Group is mandated to invest in growth areas in the EU, Norway, the UK and Switzerland. 
In 2013, Heimstaden Bostad was formed by Heimstaden AB in partnership with Alecta mutual pension 
insurance (Alecta Tjänstepension Ömsesidigt) ("Alecta") and the pension funds of the two Swedish 
companies: Sandvik AB (publ) (the "Sandvik Pension Fund") and Ericsson AB (publ) (the "Ericsson 
Pension Fund"). 
In October 2019, a revised shareholders agreement was signed for Heimstaden Bostad which enabled the 
company to bring in several institutional owners. In 2020, a consortium consisting of the Folksam group, 
Folksam Liv, Folksam Sak and KPA Pension (together, the "Folksam Group") became an equity investor 
in Heimstaden Bostad, and in 2021 the Swedish Pensions Agency (Pensionsmyndigheten), 
Försäkringsbranschens Pensionskassa ("FPK") and a Swiss pension fund entered as new investors in 
Heimstaden Bostad. In 2022, Allianz Real Estate ("Allianz") (Pensionsmyndigheten) became an equity 
investor through a joint venture – see further "– Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures – Allianz and 
Heimstaden Bostad joint venture". 
The Heimstaden Bostad Group is dependent on the Issuer, together with other subsidiaries, to provide it 
with group management and country management services. The Issuer contracts with Heimstaden Bostad 
through a group-wide management agreement, whereby the Issuer as the manager holds the strategic and 
administrative responsibility of the operations of Heimstaden Bostad. Further, the Issuer, through its 
subsidiaries performs the portfolio property and facility management for Heimstaden Bostad, except for 
entities in Czech Republic and entities in the Akelius Portfolio in Sweden, Denmark and Germany which 
are each managed by Heimstaden Bostad and its subsidiaries. 
Group Structure 
The below provides an overview of the investors in Heimstaden Bostad (based on voting rights) as at 31 
December 2021: 
• 
Heimstaden (through subsidiary): 50.1%; 
• 
Alecta: 34.7%; 
• 
Ericsson Pension Fund: 1.2%; 
• 
Folksam Group: 11.4%; 
• 
Swedish Pensions Agency: 1.3%; 
• 
Other Investors: 1.3%. 
The Issuer's majority owner is Fredensborg AS, a Norwegian investment company indirectly owned by Ivar 
Tollefsen. The rights of the shareholders in the Issuer are contained in the articles of association of the 
Issuer and the Issuer is managed in accordance with those articles and with the provisions of Swedish law.

--- Page 111 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 111 - 
70-41028024 
 
The illustration below provides an overview of the ownership structure of Heimstaden Bostad based on 
voting rights and capital as at 31 December 2021. 
 
Note: 
(1) Capital means Heimstaden Bostad's net asset value excluding non-controlling interest and hybrid bonds with accrued interest. The 
calculation is based on figures as of 31 December 2021. 
(2) Allianz, through a joint venture, see section "Allianz and Heimstaden Bostad joint venture". 
Shareholders 
Equity 
Heimstaden Bostad's shares are privately held and comprise of four classes of shares (class A preference 
shares, class B preferences shares, class C preference shares and common shares). All shareholders (except 
management) have holdings in both common shares and class B preference shares. Heimstaden (through 
its subsidiaries) is the only holder of the class A and class C preference shares. 
The graph below shows the cumulative historical equity investment (in SEK, billion) made by the 
Heimstaden Bostad Group's institutional investors and the Issuer from 2017 to the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Cumulative equity injections (2017 – the date of this Base Prospectus)

--- Page 112 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 112 - 
70-41028024 
 
Capital Distribution 
The total capital of Heimstaden Bostad as of 31 December 2021 and its distribution between its shareholders 
is presented in the table below: 
Shareholders 
Total 
capital(1) 
Proportion of 
total capital(1) 
Proportion of 
voting rights 
 
(SEK billion) 
(%) 
(%) 
Heimstaden (through subsidiary).................................... 
60.6 
45.0 
50.1 
Alecta ............................................................................. 
51.3 
38.1 
34.7 
Ericsson Pension Fund ................................................... 
1.9 
1.4 
1.2 
Folksam Group ............................................................... 
17 
12.6 
11.4 
Swedish Pensions Agency .............................................. 
1.9 
1.4 
1.3 
Other Investors ............................................................... 
2.1 
1.5 
1.3 
Total .............................................................................. 
134.8 
100.0 
100.0 
 
Note: 
(1) Capital means Heimstaden Bostad's net asset value excluding non-controlling interest and hybrid bonds with accrued interest. 
Dividend distribution model 
The shareholders have agreed on certain principles and rules governing the dividend distribution reflected 
in the shareholders’ agreement of Heimstaden Bostad, whereby, in short: 
• 
the overarching principle is that 100% of Heimstaden Bostad’s funds from operations, after any 
deduction necessary to fulfil the agreed liquidity reserve, shall be paid out; 
• 
shareholders representing more than 5% ownership of either Class B preference shares or common 
shares can demand dividend distribution in accordance with the Distribution Waterfall; 
• 
the minimum dividend is paid to holders of Class A preference shares and Class B preference 
shares, whereby non-executed preferential dividend amounts roll over to the following financial 
year according to the articles of association; 
• 
dividend amounts from Class B preference shares are reinvested by way of subscription of new 
Class B preference shares if necessary to meet the agreed balance between the share classes (see 
below under "Rebalancing"); 
• 
dividends on common shares are the residual between funds from operations and preferential 
dividends according to the Distribution Waterfall but are conditional on Heimstaden Bostad 
maintaining its credit worthiness; and 
• 
Class C preference shares do not entitle holders to dividends or other value transfers. 
According to the Distribution Waterfall set forth in Heimstaden Bostad's articles of association, the 
preferential shares have priority over the ordinary shares, i.e. dividends and other distributions to holders 
of ordinary shares are made only after such dividends or distributions have been made to holders of 
preferential shares. Class C preference shares do not however, entitle the holders to dividends or other value 
transfers. Moreover, Class A preference shares have priority over Class B preference shares. 
Class A preference shares, of which the Issuer owns 100%, have the highest priority), whereby the dividend 
for such share is calculated quarterly. Each Class A preference shares is entitled to a pro rata share of an 
aggregate amount equal to 0.05% of the market value of Heimstaden Bostad's properties, whereby such 
market value is determined based on the annual average market value on the basis of the quarterly reporting 
during the relevant financial year. When the Class A preference shares have received such average market 
value, the Class A preference shares shall not be entitled to any further dividends. If the Class A preference 
shares do not receive dividend in an amount equal to 0.05% of the average market value for a financial year, 
such dividend shall be distributed during a subsequent financial year before any other dividend is made. 
The Class B preference shares are entitled to receive dividends on the basis of the following:

--- Page 113 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 113 - 
70-41028024 
 
• 
LTV based dividend 
• 
ROE based dividend 
The LTV based dividends shall be calculated on the Acquisition Cost per each series of Class B preference 
shares, as a percentage between 3.5% and 4.5% per year. 3.5% shall be received when LTV is 40% or lower 
and 4.5% shall be received when LTV is 65% or higher. The LTV based dividend shall be linearly adjusted 
between 3.5% and 4.5% in relation to LTV. LTV is calculated at the end of each quarter and the LTV based 
dividends are based on an average of such LTV during the relevant financial year. However, the 
shareholders’ agreement of Heimstaden Bostad requires the LTV to be below 65% for any dividends to be 
paid out (dividends on Class B preference shares would accrue in such a situation). 
The ROE based dividend shall be calculated on the Acquisition Cost per each series of Class B preference 
shares and be based on the ROE. In the event the ROE during a financial year (only calculated on an annual 
basis, based on the annual report) exceeds 5%, the dividend percentage per Class B preference share for 
such financial year shall be increased with ROE (specified as a percentage) less 5 percentage points 
multiplied by 0.25. 
Acquisition Cost: average subscription price for each class of Class B preference share (1-100) plus 
capitalized dividends in the event of a deficit in dividends. 
LTV: aggregate loan-to-value ratios of Heimstaden Bostad, calculated as Heimstaden Bostad's external 
loans at each quarter-end, divided by the aggregate market value of Heimstaden Bostad's properties at each 
quarter-end. 
ROE: the consolidated year-end result of Heimstaden Bostad according to the annual report, divided by 
the total equity (consolidated) at the end of the relevant financial year (any resolved but unpaid dividends 
for the current financial year shall be added back). 
When the preference return for each financial year attributable to the Class B preference share has been 
distributed, the Class B preference shares shall not be entitled to any further dividends. 
Rebalancing 
According Heimstaden Bostad’s shareholders' agreement, the dividend split between the share classes is 
subject to a rebalancing mechanism that has the purpose of maintaining a maximum of 35% of common 
shares and a minimum of 65% of preference shares. Therefore, if the adjusted net asset (as defined in the 
shareholders' agreement) value is greater than 35% of the adjusted equity value (as defined in the 
shareholders' agreement) as at the end of a financial year or quarter end prior to the date when a general 
meeting of the shareholders resolves to make a profit distribution in cash on Class B preference shares, the 
rebalancing mechanism in the shareholders’ agreement is triggered. 
The rebalancing mechanism entails the shareholders reinvesting all or part of (but not more than) the 
dividend on Class B preference shares by subscription of newly issued Class B preference shares equal to 
the subscriber's proportionate ownership of Class B preference shares prior to the reinvestment and 
Heimstaden Bostad shall to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law use the proceeds from the 
issue of Class B preference shares to redeem common shares in a proportion equal to each subscriber's 
ownership of common shares prior to the reinvestment for the purpose of achieving the desired relationship 
between common shares and preference shares. 
Distribution in the event of bankruptcy or liquidation 
The distribution model in the event of bankruptcy or liquidation largely mirrors the Distribution Waterfall. 
Available funds remaining after Heimstaden Bostad's creditors have been paid shall be distributed 
according to the following. 
Firstly, the Class A preference shares shall, pro rata, be entitled to distributions until such Class A 
preference shares in aggregate have received an amount equal to the subscription price for the Class A 
preference share plus any deficit from previous dividend distributions plus 0.05% of the market value of 
Heimstaden Bostad's properties, as determined in the respective quarterly report during the latest financial 
year or the latest accounting period for which dividends have not yet been allocated.

--- Page 114 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 114 - 
70-41028024 
 
Secondly, the Class B preference share shall, pro rata, be entitled to distribution until such Class B 
preference shares in aggregate have received an amount equal to the Acquisition Cost plus the preference 
return attributable to such Class B preference share. 
Thirdly, the Class C preference shares shall, pro rata, be entitled to distribution until such Class C preference 
shares in aggregate have received an amount equal to the subscription price for each Class C preference 
share. 
Fourthly, to the common shares pro rata. 
In the event the funds available for distribution are not sufficient for Class B preference shares to receive 
full payment in accordance with the above, the funds available for distribution shall be allocated between 
the Class B preference shares in proportion to the Acquisition Cost plus the preference return for the 
respective series of Class B preference shares. 
Heimstaden Bostad Group Strategy 
Investment and Transaction Strategy 
• 
Stability and quality are key: Heimstaden Bostad invests in European markets where the 
Heimstaden Bostad Group sees macroeconomic fundamentals and residential trends as attractive. 
Heimstaden Bostad carefully analyses each market and sub-market, including demographics, socio-
economic situations and political risk. Heimstaden Bostad does not define growth targets in specific 
markets but takes an opportunity-driven investment approach. Heimstaden Bostad wants to focus 
on affordable and entry-level homes where there is mass-market appeal. Affordable housing is 
important for two reasons. Firstly, Heimstaden Bostad believes affordability leads to lower churn 
rates and decreases affordability risk. Secondly, Heimstaden Bostad believes that being able to 
afford your home is a key ingredient of well-being and promotes social sustainability. Some rental 
markets are highly regulated, others are predominantly market rent based. Heimstaden Bostad's 
strategy is to strike a balance between regulated and unregulated assets across all of the Heimstaden 
Bostad Group's markets, thus ensuring a stable and attractive income stream where varying 
regulation characteristics can work to the Heimstaden Bostad Group's benefit. 
• 
Scale is crucial: Heimstaden Bostad's operating model results in significant scale advantages as the 
Heimstaden Bostad Group grows its presence in existing markets, and Heimstaden Bostad only 
enters new markets with the intention of building a large platform over time. Heimstaden Bostad 
believes scale improves operational efficiency, for example, the implementation of common digital 
platforms, group-wide operating models for facility management, asset management, letting, and 
increased operational insight through the utilisation of big data. However, the Heimstaden Bostad 
Group does not want to take undue risk in growth; Heimstaden Bostad champions responsible, 
controlled growth. Scale is only advantageous if Heimstaden Bostad continues to deliver 
consistently on the Heimstaden Bostad Group's promise of Friendly Homes and is able to show 
strong commercial performance. 
• 
Newbuild investments: in certain of the Heimstaden Bostad Group's target markets and sub-markets, 
Heimstaden Bostad views newbuilds as the preferred investment opportunity. For example, in the 
United Kingdom and Poland, the Heimstaden Bostad Group chose this investment strategy as there 
was little existing rental stock in those markets that matched Heimstaden Bostad's strategic 
requirements. The Heimstaden Bostad Group avoids development risk and partners with developers 
who retain risks related to zoning, planning and construction. To mitigate counterparty risk, 
Heimstaden Bostad performs thorough due diligence and only partners with robust and experienced 
developers. The contracts are structured either as forward purchase contracts, in which the 
Heimstaden Bostad Group pays upon delivery, or as forward funding contracts, where the 
Heimstaden Bostad Group pays at certain construction milestones up to delivery. Heimstaden 
Bostad's policy is for newbuild investments to make up no more than 10% of the fair value of 
investment properties at any time. 
Property and Asset Management Strategy 
• 
Long-term horizon: the Heimstaden Bostad Group's philosophy is to build and scale Heimstaden 
Bostad as a profitable market leader that contributes positively to society. Heimstaden Bostad's

--- Page 115 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 115 - 
70-41028024 
 
evergreen perspective means that the Heimstaden Bostad Group has a long-term horizon on its 
investments and is more value-focused than most competitors. A low-cost approach to renovation 
and repairs leads to correspondingly low asset lifetime. Therefore, Heimstaden Bostad is willing to 
spend more upfront to refurbish to a higher standard if the long-term value creation potential is 
deemed substantial. The Heimstaden Bostad Group aims to choose the most durable materials, 
which increase the lifetime value and are assumed to yield higher returns in the long-term. 
Moreover, caretakers with in-depth knowledge of each building serve to strengthen long-term 
maintenance planning and development. 
• 
Reducing the Heimstaden Bostad Group's footprint: Heimstaden Bostad views sustainable asset 
management as key to optimising return on environmental investments. In 2021, the Heimstaden 
Bostad Group continued to build a strong energy function, embracing centralised competence and 
people on the ground working on optimisation and emissions reduction. This can involve anything 
from installing solar panels or clean energy heating solutions to selecting the best energy-saving 
windows when renovating facades. For the Heimstaden Bostad Group's standing assets, 
Heimstaden Bostad invests in long-term solutions that reduce water and electricity consumption. 
Where possible Heimstaden Bostad tries to influence developer partners in terms of lifecycle 
emissions reduction and encourage sustainable behaviours among its tenants by communicating 
advice on energy saving, water consumption, and eco-friendly gardening and cleaning. In terms of 
transport, the Heimstaden Bostad Group continues investments in electric vehicles. Heimstaden 
Bostad views its portfolio in the Czech Republic to have the largest potential for energy 
improvement, where the Heimstaden Bostad Group in 2021 added insulation in around 3,000 units, 
as well as reinsulated facades to mitigate energy loss and improve building aesthetics. 
• 
High-quality data for high-level governance: the Heimstaden Bostad Group views high-quality 
reporting rooted in high-quality data as a tool to reduce risk and provide knowledge to further 
develop services and products. Consequently, Heimstaden Bostad has been working to hone 
reporting at a very granular level. On the asset management side, the focus has been on improving 
information flow. Activities included the introduction of digital dashboards to increase 
transparency through the lifetime of every project. Crunching data also helps with trend spotting, 
especially outliers that the Heimstaden Bostad Group can use to sharpen performance. Tracking 
rents well, and focusing on why, also informs the approach to apartment fitouts, layouts, and the 
flow of buildings generally. 
Business strategy 
Heimstaden Bostad is a leading European residential real estate company with an evergreen perspective. 
Guided by the Heimstaden Bostad Group values and Scandinavian heritage, Heimstaden Bostad aims 
for excellence in happiness and life quality for customers and employees as well as sustainable and 
commercially outstanding operations. 
To achieve these ambitions and fulfil this vision, Heimstaden Bostad has adapted the Issuer's strategy: 
• 
Efficient and innovative operations: the Issuer's competent in-house management and fully 
integrated platform across the property life cycle is key to achieving efficient and innovative 
operations. Its top-performing, agile operations and continuous focus on building a modern digital 
ecosystem are key enablers for scalability, fast decision-making, quality reporting, and excellent 
customer service. 
• 
Customer Centred: Customers are always at the centre of Heimstaden Bostad’s attention, delivering 
customer experience beyond expectations by being there for customers to support their everyday 
needs. Heimstaden Bostad empowers customers with smart physical and digital solutions for a 
better and more sustainable everyday life and, with regular measurements of customer satisfaction, 
it continuously improves services in its markets. 
• 
Friendly Workplace: Through dedication, long-term thinking, and collaboration, Heimstaden 
Bostad creates happiness and life quality at work. Heimstaden Bostad has an honest and passionate 
culture, where caring and driven people have the freedom and resources to apply their skills and 
ideas, in addition to encouraging a diverse work environment and having zero tolerance for 
discrimination.

--- Page 116 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 116 - 
70-41028024 
 
• 
Sustainable Mindset: Heimstaden Bostad's sustainable mindset is an integrated part of its operations 
and it constantly improves its social and environmental impact across the entire value chain. 
Heimstaden Bostad contributes solutions to face the many challenges in society, and by sharing 
knowledge and expertise, Heimstaden Bostad seeks to inspire others to contribute and make a 
positive difference for the enrichment of the industry and society. 
• 
Financial Strength: Together with institutional partners, Heimstaden Bostad is operating an 
evergreen and sustainable platform with a robust balance sheet and liquidity position. Heimstaden 
Bostad's competent and experienced in-house management provides great advantages and 
opportunities for sustainable and responsible growth. 
Environment, Social and Governance ("ESG") strategy 
Environment and Sustainability Targets 
Sustainability is a core strategic pillar, integrated in the Heimstaden Bostad Group's operations. 
Heimstaden Bostad's sustainable mindset goes beyond creating sustainable homes and neighbourhoods, 
by also addressing society's challenges like climate change, segregation, and housing shortages. 
Heimstaden Bostad's sustainability strategy includes environmental, social and governance measures, 
and guides the Heimstaden Bostad Group in the daily sustainability work, caring and creating value for 
people – customers, employees, and society in general. 
Heimstaden Bostad focuses on five areas of sustainability improvements to reach its targets: 
1. Origin-certified renewable electricity (of which there are three sub-components) 
• 
Ensure origin-certified renewable electricity for all properties 
• 
Include renewable energy production in all newbuilds 
• 
Substantially increase renewable energy production capacity for existing properties  
2. Fuel shifts (of which there are two sub-components) 
• 
Local heating and energy production (for example, changing coal boilers in apartments to efficient 
central gas boilers) 
• 
Install heat pumps or electric boilers with origin-certified renewable electricity rather than fossil-
based heating (for example, disconnecting from district heating which has a higher proportion of 
fossil fuels) 
3. Energy provider improvements (of which there is one sub-component) 
• 
Actively engage energy providers to reduce their use of fossil fuels 
4. Energy efficiency improvements (of which there are two sub-components) 
• 
Insulation, ventilation improvements 
• 
Smart control systems & optimisation of heating systems 
5. Tenant energy reduction (of which there are three sub-components) 
• 
Customer Engagement Program 
• 
Nudging projects (for example, offer cost attractive renewable energy contracts in cooperation 
with energy suppliers, supplier engagement programs including tips on energy saving and water 
saving measures) 
• 
Create awareness through smart technical solutions 
 
Heimstaden Bostad has set new sustainability targets and intends to invest SEK 6.2 billion to reduce the 
Heimstaden Bostad Group's greenhouse gas emissions by at least 46% by 2030, in line with the Science 
Based Targets initiative ("SBTi") requirements which in turn are in line with the 2015 Paris Agreement 
ambition to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius, as well as the EU target of climate neutrality by 
2050. Heimstaden Bostad is committed to the SBTi and will send the new targets to SBTi for verification. 
The new targets include: 
• 
Reduce absolute scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by at least 46% by 2030 (2019 baseline).

--- Page 117 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 117 - 
70-41028024 
 
• 
Reduce the amount of purchased energy by, on average, 2 % per year and square meter by 2025 
(like for like basis, 2019 baseline). 
• 
Require that suppliers covering 66% of total scope 3 emissions, and that 70% of suppliers by 
number, set scope 3 emissions science-based targets by 2025. 
Social 
A Home for a Home 
For every home that Heimstaden Bostad owns or acquires, €100 is donated annually to SOS Children’s 
Villages. In 2021, Home for a Home delivered 31 programs in 22 countries and reached more than 20,000 
children. Out of the 31 programs in 2021, 12 programs were co-creations with the Issuer, meaning the use 
of the Issuer's personnel and assets, which has contributed beyond the donation and increased the positive 
impact. 
Social Leases 
In 2021, the target set-aside for social leases out of total contracts was increased to 3% from 1%. Social 
leases are defined as lease contracts under which non-governmental organisations or municipalities lease 
apartments from Heimstaden Bostad to, in-turn, be leased through these organisations to those who are 
socio-economically challenged. Examples of ultimate tenants include recently arrived migrants, under-
privileged people, and individuals with disabilities. 
Heimstaden Bostad actively works with social leases across various geographies to include socially 
excluded people, for example, homeless people, recently arrived migrants and people with various 
disabilities. Heimstaden Bostad's aim is to promote inclusion. In some regions, Heimstaden Bostad has 
hired "Community Coordinators" with a mandate to deal with matters of a social nature in its 
neighbourhoods, take part in meetings and dialogues with local authorities, emergency services and other 
property owners in order to create safe and secure living environments. 
Heimstaden Bostad is currently re-evaluating the target and will propose a new one to the Board of Directors. 
The aim of the re-evaluation is to enable the inclusion of other initiatives than just social lease contracts. 
Governance 
In 2021, the Issuer implemented changes to its corporate infrastructure and governance model to improve 
corporate governance, risk management and compliance. Both Heimstaden Bostad and the Issuer have 
committed to the Swedish Corporate Governance Code ("Swedish Code"), which establishes a clear and 
well-balanced division of roles and responsibilities between owners, the board, and the executive 
management team. 
In addition, the Swedish Code establishes strong practices of transparency and equity into the governance 
framework. The Issuer has embraced these foundations and installed them into the governance model and 
governance procedures. 
Specific changes made based on the Swedish Code: 
• 
Seated new independent board members with selected competencies as a replacement to executive 
management members who previously also held board positions. 
• 
Clarified responsibilities and separation between ownership, management, and the Board of 
Directors to ensure board members are independent from management not just on paper but in 
practice. 
• 
Further clarified decision making via revisions to the reserved matters in the Heimstaden Bostad 
Shareholder Agreement ("SHA"). 
• 
The SHA: 
o 
Sets the frame for management agreements and operations 
o 
Aligns the incentives between the Issuer and the institutional investors 
o 
Clearly defines the fora upon which topics are decided, either among all ownership 
following pre-requisite voting requirements or the Board of Directors which consists of 
representatives from ownership

--- Page 118 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 118 - 
70-41028024 
 
o 
This last item includes oversight of the financial policy which was moved to the Board 
(whereas it was previously governed by institutional shareholders) 
o 
Established an Audit & Risk Committee ("ARC") to formalise and better effectuate 
oversight of financial reporting and risk management. All ARC committee members are 
independent as defined by the Code. 
Throughout 2021, the Issuer also invested into risk management with the addition of a new Chief Risk 
Officer, installation of a formalised risk management program, adoption of a formal Risk Management 
Policy, and the hiring of several risk professionals throughout the organization. The Issuer will continue to 
make similar investments into the Compliance function which include the addition of a Head of Compliance 
along with a fully staffed standalone department. 
Establishment of Executive Sustainability Committee 
The Chief Sustainability Officer is chairing the committee and is responsible for developing the 
sustainability strategy and ensuring implementation in all areas within the Company. The committee 
decides on the following matters in the corporate sustainability area in order to promote Heimstaden 
Bostad's best interests: 
• 
Matters that are to be presented to the Board 
• 
Matters of major importance or of importance as to principles 
• 
Matters of common concern to several departments 
• 
Sustainability-related policies and position statements 
• 
KPIs and targets for Heimstaden Bostad 
Overview of Heimstaden Bostad’s ESG targets 
The overview below describes Heimstaden Bostad's ESG targets: 
 
Note: 
(1) Social lease contracts are lease contracts under which non-governmental organisations or municipalities lease apartments from 
Heimstaden Bostad to, in turn, be leased through these organisations to those who are socio-economically challenged. 
Property Portfolio 
The Heimstaden Bostad Group's property portfolio is diversified across European markets with strong 
economies and favourable demographics. The portfolio is exposed to both regulated and unregulated rental 
markets, which provides Heimstaden Bostad with generally stable cash flows as well as potential upside 
from positive market developments.

--- Page 119 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 119 - 
70-41028024 
 
 
2021 
As of 31 December 2021: 
• 
Heimstaden Bostad was present in Denmark, Sweden, the Netherlands, Norway, the Czech 
Republic, Germany, Poland, Finland, and the UK. 
• 
Fair value of investment properties was SEK 300,584 million, split between SEK 97,056 million 
in Sweden, SEK 70,651 million in Germany, SEK 66,636 million in Denmark, SEK 27,324 million 
in the Netherlands, SEK 18,951 million in Norway, SEK 17,932 million in the Czech Republic, 
SEK 1,014 million in Finland and SEK 1,019 million in the UK. 
• 
Fair value of investment property portfolio comprised 92.5% residential value. 
• 
Real economic occupancy ratio for residential units was 97.9%. 
Several projects in the UK and Poland were acquired during 2021, consisting of units under construction 
with expected completion between 2023 and early 2025. 
During the year ending 31 December 2021, Heimstaden Bostad completed acquisitions totalling SEK 126 
billion. 
2020 
As of 31 December 2020: 
• 
The Heimstaden Bostad Group's property portfolio had a fair value of investment properties of 
SEK 144,404 million, split between SEK 49,757 million in Sweden, SEK 3,716 million in 
Germany, SEK 36,199 million in Denmark, SEK 23,366 million in the Netherlands, SEK 17,538 
million in Norway and SEK 13,827 million in the Czech Republic. 
• 
93.0% of the Heimstaden Bostad Group's fair value of investment properties was comprised of 
residential units. 
• 
The real economic occupancy ratio for existing residential premises amounted to 97.5%. 
During the year ending 31 December 2020, properties were acquired at a cost of SEK 25,445 million. 
2019 
As of 31 December 2019: 
• 
The Heimstaden Bostad Group's property portfolio had a fair value of investment properties of 
SEK 113,331 million, split between Sweden SEK 41,241 million, Denmark SEK 34,645 million 
and Norway SEK 17,372 million, Germany SEK 2,292 million and the Netherlands SEK 17,781 
million. 
• 
Real economic occupancy ratio for existing residential premises amounted to 98.9%. 
During the year ending 31 December 2019, properties were acquired at a cost of SEK 33,261 million. 
Investment Property Portfolio 
The table below shows the Heimstaden Bostad Group's property portfolio as of 31 December 2021. 
Country 
Fair Value of investment properties 
Homes 
Residential 
Regulated income 
Rental income, 
earnings 
capacity1,2 
Net operating 
income, 
earnings 
capacity1,3 
 
(SEK million) 
(SEK per square 
metre) 
(No. of 
residential units) 
(%) 
(SEK million) 
Sweden ..................... 
97,056 
31,565 
43,196 
91.7 
100.0 
4,072 
2,240

--- Page 120 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 120 - 
70-41028024 
 
Country 
Fair Value of investment properties 
Homes 
Residential 
Regulated income 
Rental income, 
earnings 
capacity1,2 
Net operating 
income, 
earnings 
capacity1,3 
 
(SEK million) 
(SEK per square 
metre) 
(No. of 
residential units) 
(%) 
(SEK million) 
Germany ................... 
70,651 
41,634 
25,415 
90.0 
100.0 
1,931 
1,541 
Denmark ................... 
66,636 
36,819 
18,247 
95.0 
12.0 
2,889 
1,970 
Netherlands .............. 
27,324 
25,989 
13,315 
98.2 
67.2 
1,188 
744 
Norway(4) .................. 
18,951 
87,319 
4,412 
84.5 
0.0 
458 
458 
Czech Republic ......... 
17,932 
6,863 
42,644 
95.6 
33.7 
1,230 
835 
Finland ..................... 
1,014 
18,674 
1,006 
97.0 
0.0 
85 
44 
UK ............................ 
1,019 
70,126 
60 
82.6 
0.0 
15 
7 
Poland ...................... 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- 
8 
2 
Total ........................ 
300,584 
28,574 
148,295 
92.5 
62.2 
11,876 
7,838 
Note: 
(1) This information is an earning capacity based on the Heimstaden Bostad Group's properties as of 31 December 2021 with 
contracted rental income, and current property and administrative costs. It is important to note that earning capacity should not be 
equated with a forecast for the current year or the next twelve months. For example, earning capacity does not include an 
assessment of future rents, vacancies and market interest rates. In earning capacity, changes in value of properties and financial 
instruments, which affect the Heimstaden Bostad Group's income statement, have not been taken into account either. 
(2) Rental income capacity for the twelve months from 31 December 2021, excluding service income charges. 
(3) Net operating income capacity for the twelve months from 31 December 2021. 
(4) Rental income for the property portfolio in Norway is generated through a lease agreement with Heimstaden AS, a subsidiary 
of Heimstaden AB. Under the arrangement, Heimstaden Bostad receives lease payments, calculated as the net of rental income 
generated by the property less its property expenses and certain administrative costs. 
The table below shows a breakdown by category of the fair value of investment properties as of 31 
December 2021. 
Category 
Sweden 
Germany 
Denmark 
Netherlands 
Norway 
Czech Rep. 
Finland 
UK 
Total 
 
(SEK million) 
Completed investment properties ....................  
91,788 
70,647 
65,600 
27,324 
18,378 
17,750 
1,014 
172 
292,673 
Investment properties under construction1 ......  
5,106 
0 
895 
0 
0 
0 
0 
847 
6,848 
Land and building rights .................................  
25 
0 
141 
0 
0 
181 
0 
0 
347 
Land leases…………………………………… 
137 
4 
- 
- 
574 
- 
- 
- 
716 
Total…………………………………………. 
97,057 
70,651 
66,635 
27,324 
18,951 
17,932 
1,014 
1,019 
300,584 
Note: 
(1) Investment properties under construction are not valued by external valuers, please see the section "Valuation of Development 
Properties".

--- Page 121 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 121 - 
70-41028024 
 
 
The chart shows the fair value of investment properties development from the year ending 31 December 
2020 to the year ending 31 December 2021 in SEK billion. 
 
The table below shows the unrealised and realised changes in fair value of investment properties as of 31 
December 2021 (compared to as of 31 December 2020). Unrealised value changes show the increase in 
market valuation as determined by external property valuation firms (see "Valuation of Investment 
Properties" below). 
Country 
Change in fair value of investment properties 
 
(%) 
(SEK million) 
Sweden ....................  
9.0 
8,038 
Germany ..................  
2.5 
1,754 
Denmark ..................  
10.0 
6,033 
Netherlands ..............  
11.6 
2,831 
Norway ....................  
1.6 
294 
Czech Republic ........  
13.9 
2,182 
Finland .....................  
7.6 
72 
UK ...........................  
1.5 
15 
Total ........................  
7.6 
21,219 
 
The table below shows a comparison of the income measures of the Heimstaden Bostad Group's property 
portfolio across the geographic segments in which the Heimstaden Bostad Group operates for the year 
ending 31 December 2021. 
 
 
Year ending 31 December 2021  
 
Sweden 
Germany 
Denmark 
Netherlands 
Norway 
Czech 
Republic 
Other 
countries 
Total 
Rental income (SEK million) .................... 
2,784 
550 
2,523 
1,137 
677 
1,127 
17 
8,608 
Net operating income (SEK million) ......... 
1,344 
380 
1,738 
683 
446 
773 
5 
5,386 
Net operating income margin (%) ............. 
48.3 
69.1 
68.9 
60.1 
65.9 
68.6 
- 
62.6 
The stacked column chart below shows the development in the fair value of investment properties (SEK 
billion) over time from as of 31 December 2018 until as of 31 December 2021.

--- Page 122 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 122 - 
70-41028024 
 
 
Income 
The table below shows the Heimstaden Bostad Group's rental income by property type for the years ending 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021. 
Rental income 
Year ending 
31 December  
 
2021 
2020 
(SEK million) 
Residential.................................................................................................  
7,991 
5,930 
Commercial ...............................................................................................  
520 
326 
Parking ......................................................................................................  
98 
76 
Total .........................................................................................................  
8,608 
6,332 
Service income 
Year ending 
31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK million) 
Residential.................................................................................................  
600 
370 
Commercial ...............................................................................................  
38 
20 
Total .........................................................................................................  
639 
389

--- Page 123 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 123 - 
70-41028024 
 
The line chart below shows the historical quarterly like-for-like rental growth by geographic segment 
for the period between the fourth quarter of 2020 and the fourth quarter of 2021. 
Like-for-like rental growth by geographic segment (%) 
 
The first chart below shows the Heimstaden Bostad Group's actual net operating income by geographic 
segment as a share of total actual net operating income for the year ending 31 December 2021. The second 
chart below shows the Heimstaden Bostad Group's earning capacity net operating income by geographic 
segment as a share of net operating income (according to total earnings capacity) as of 31 December 2021. 
Net operating income distribution, actual (SEK 5,386 million) for the year ending 31 December 
2021

--- Page 124 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 124 - 
70-41028024 
 
Net operating income distribution, earnings capacity (SEK 7,838 million) as at 31 December 2021 
 
Net operating income 
The column chart below shows the twelve months rolling net operating income over the period from the 
twelve months ending 31 December 2018 until the twelve months ending 31 December 2021. In addition, 
the line value shows Heimstaden Bostad's total twelve months rolling net operating income margin from 
the twelve months ending 31 December 2018 until the twelve months ending 31 December 2021. 
 
Operational Data 
Potential Earnings Capacity 
The earnings capacity represents annualised earnings calculated on the basis of the contracted rental 
income, current property expenses and administrative expenses of the property portfolio as of 31 December 
2021. Announced property acquisitions or divestments that closed after the balance sheet date are not 
included in the calculation (for example, the Heimstaden Bostad Group entered into a joint venture 
arrangement with Allianz with respect to part of its Swedish property portfolio which is not included (for 
further information on such joint venture, see "Description of Heimstaden Bostad – Investments in 
Associates and Joint Ventures – Allianz and Heimstaden Bostad joint venture")). The earnings capacity 
does not include any adjustment for development trends in rent levels, vacancy rates, property expenses or 
interest rates, nor does the earnings capacity provide any adjustment for expected changes in the fair value 
of properties, foreign exchange rates, acquisitions or disposals. The earnings capacity should not be 
considered a forecast for the current year or for the next 12-month period. There can be no assurance that 
such figures will not change in the future and therefore it is not a forecast of actual future earnings.

--- Page 125 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 125 - 
70-41028024 
 
 The following table sets out the unaudited earnings capacity as of 31 December 2021. 
Earnings capacity 
As of 31 December 2021 
 
(unaudited) 
 
(SEK million, unless 
otherwise stated) 
Current earning capacity 
 
Rental income ..................................................................................................................................  
11,876 
Service income .................................................................................................................................  
1,041 
Property expenses.............................................................................................................................  
-5,079 
Net operating income .....................................................................................................................  
7,838 
Corporate administrative expenses ...................................................................................................  
-751 
Profit before financial items ..........................................................................................................  
7,086 
Financial costs – interest-bearing liabilities ......................................................................................  
-1,688 
Profit ...............................................................................................................................................  
5,399 
 
 
Key data 
 
Net operating income margin (%) ....................................................................................................  
66.0 
Interest coverage ratio (ICR) (multiple)............................................................................................  
4.2 
 
Property Expenses 
The following table sets out the property expenses for the Heimstaden Bostad Group's portfolio in the year 
ending 31 December 2020 and the year ending 31 December 2021. 
 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2021 
 
2020 
 
(SEK million) 
Property expenses 
 
 
Utilities ..........................................  
1,113 
764 
Repairs and maintenance ...............  
673 
519 
Property tax ...................................  
346 
278 
Property management ....................  
1,315 
298 
Other ..............................................  
414 
969 
Total property expenses 
3,861 
2,828 
 
Valuation of Investment Properties 
Heimstaden Bostad's investment properties in Denmark, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany, the Czech 
Republic, Finland, and the UK are valued by external valuers on a quarterly basis, with the last valuation 
taking place as of 31 December 2021. For all of these valuations the Heimstaden Bostad Group instructs a 
real estate advisory company with professional qualifications, experience and the capacity to carry out the 
valuation in accordance with the required international standards. 
Heimstaden Bostad's investment properties in Norway, are valued by external valuers on an annual basis 
for the residential part of the portfolio and on a quarterly basis for the commercial, parking and development 
potential part of the portfolio, with the last annual valuation taking place as of 31 December 2021. 
In addition, Heimstaden Bostad uses a dedicated competent in-house valuation team provided by the Issuer, 
ensuring quality control of all external valuations and setting up standardised structures and processes 
across markets. 
The adopted valuation methodologies are based on best market practice in each respective country. In 
general, valuations are based on a "highest-and-best-use" principle, adopting the highest value given by a 
re-letting scenario (assuming a re-letting of units at market terms upon tenant fluctuation) and a divestment 
scenario (assuming a sale of each unit upon tenant fluctuation). 
In most markets, properties are valued using either an explicit income approach, discounted cash flow, or 
implicit income approach.

--- Page 126 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 126 - 
70-41028024 
 
When using an explicit income approach, future cash flows are projected for a certain period, usually 10 
years, with an assumed sale/exit of either: 1) part of the property (individual units) during the cashflow 
period and the remainder at the end of the cashflow period; or 2) the whole property at the end of the cash 
flow period. The projected cash flows are then discounted back to a present value using an appropriate 
discount rate. The inputs into the projected cash flows and the discount rate take into consideration the 
characteristics, market position and risk profile of the property and, where possible, are informed by market 
data. The resulting value is benchmarked with capital values on other similar transactions in the market. 
When using an implicit income approach an estimate of market net operating income is made, and this is 
then capitalised using an appropriate yield to arrive at a value. The market net operating income and yield 
take into consideration the characteristics, market position and risk profile of the property and, where 
possible, are informed by market data. The resulting value is benchmarked with capital values on other 
similar transactions in the market. In addition, further valuation checks are performed including a 
comparison with an explicit income approach value, and the aggregate sales value of the individual units 
on the special assumption of vacant possession (break-up/sum-of-all-parts value). 
In Norway, the residential units are valued individually on a vacant possession value basis using a sales 
comparison approach. The units are compared to market transaction data of similar units taking into 
consideration the key attributes of each unit. Values are assigned to each unit by Aktiv Eiendomsmegling, 
Nyverdi AS, Eie Eiendomsmegling and the Issuer. The average of those four values is then adopted. The 
commercial units, parking units and development potential are valued each quarter by Cushman & 
Wakefield. 
Valuation of Development Properties 
The fair value of Heimstaden Bostad's development properties comprises the market value on the special 
assumption the proposed development works have been completed and occupancy is stabilised, which is 
provided by an external valuer, and deductions are made for remaining development costs, construction 
risk, investor profit and other project specific adjustments, which are calculated internally. 
In order to determine the market value on the special assumption the proposed development works have 
been completed and occupancy is stabilised the external valuers generally adopt a similar valuation 
methodology as they do for the investment properties. 
Tenants 
The Heimstaden Bostad Group has a diversified tenant group. The Heimstaden Bostad Group's properties 
are mainly for non-commercial use and most of the commercial tenants are businesses (such as restaurants, 
offices and related) located on the ground floor of residential buildings. The Heimstaden Bostad Group's 
ten largest tenants account for less than 1% of the Heimstaden Bostad Group's total rental income. 
Lease Activities 
Denmark 
Denmark has two different rental regimes depending on the construction year of the property. 
Properties built before 31 December 1991 have regulated rent but increases in respect to modernisation are 
permitted. The rent for residential units not modernised will increase according to the increase in the 
operating costs while the rent for modernised units is increased annually by the CPI. 
Properties built after 31 December 1991 fall under a regime with market-based rents, which are increased 
annually by the CPI. 
Through investments, the rent can be increased as follows: 
• 
Small investment: Increase by a theoretical financing cost for funding the investment 
• 
Large investment: Increase to a utility value-based rent 
Residential contracts run without a fixed maturity.

--- Page 127 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 127 - 
70-41028024 
 
Sweden 
In Sweden the rent of each apartment is negotiated between the property owner and the Swedish Union of 
Tenants on an annual basis based on the Swedish rental system of utility value. 
The utility value principle implies that apartments in the same micro location with the same characteristics 
such as standard, size, appliances and certain property specific characteristics such as quality of common 
areas shall have the same rent. 
Since 2006, for new developments, there is an option to deviate from the utility value principle and to 
charge "presumtionshyra". This is a negotiated rent between the property owner and the Swedish Union of 
Tenants but taking the construction costs into account which allows for rent levels above the general utility 
value. 
Residential contracts run without a fixed maturity. 
The Netherlands 
In the Netherlands all rental properties fall under the "housing evaluation system", which determines if a 
unit is classified as "liberalised" (free market rent) or "regulated" (rent control). 
Whether a unit is classified as liberalised or regulated depends on the number of WWS points (Dutch: 
Woningwaarderingsstelsel) the unit has scored. Each unit gets points based on various factors such as size, 
energy label, public valuation, appliances and standard. 
The number of WWS points determines the maximum amount of rent that can be charged. If a unit has 143 
or more points, it is classified as a liberalised unit, meaning the landlord can let out the unit at market rents. 
If a unit has below 143 points the maximum rent is pre-determined by the points system. 
Regulated contracts can be indexed with an indexation rate annually communicated by the authorities, 
generally linked to CPI and with a catch up for rents that can be utilised if the rent is below the maximum 
allowed point system rent, while liberalised contracts can be increased in accordance with rental contract 
provisions. In the Netherlands, a customary rent increase clause in a residential rental agreement is CPI 
plus 5% but for the years 2021, 2022 and 2023 the Dutch government has introduced legislation that caps 
this at CPI plus 1%. 
Norway 
Norway has free market rent. 
The market practice in Norway comprises residential contracts with a three-year lease duration, where the 
contracts can be renewed at market rent after three years. 
In 2021, Heimstaden Bostad implemented open-ended contracts as a standard. The objective is to enable 
its customers to plan long-term when renting a Heimstaden Bostad home, lower the churn in the portfolio 
and contribute to a more predictable and stable rental market. 
Germany 
Germany first introduced a rent regulation system, the so-called "rental break" in 2015. Though initially set 
to expire after five years, the law has been prolonged until 2025 and Heimstaden Bostad expects it to be 
potentially prolonged for another five years. 
As a federal law, the "rental break" has nationwide applicability. However, it is up to the 16 state 
governments to decide which municipalities the law is triggered for. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
it is in force in most of the larger German cities of 200,000 inhabitants upwards. 
Similar to Sweden and Denmark, re-letting rents are anchored to different attributes, such as the year of 
construction, standard, equipment, and location. Most municipalities publish a biennial rental survey with 
a lookback period of six years to create transparency around this process and to slow the pace of rent 
inflation. 
The "rental break" allows for two important exceptions:

--- Page 128 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 128 - 
70-41028024 
 
• 
Buildings completed after October 2014 are generally exempt 
• 
The first re-letting upon extensive refurbishment (> 650 EUR/square metre) is exempt 
In general, residential contracts must have an indefinite lease term and CPI indexation can be contractually 
agreed upon. 
Czech Republic 
In the Czech Republic the rent regulation system in most municipalities ended on 31 December 2010. The 
market has been fully liberalised and landlords have contractual freedom to negotiate with tenants on the 
length of tenancy and rental rate. 
The new civil code in 2014 contained rules for rent increases driven by market trends in case that no rental 
uplift is agreed in the contract (in such cases the rent increase cannot exceed 20% over three consecutive 
years). 
There are still legacy tenancy agreements that were signed prior to deregulation (before 2010) with typically 
indefinite terms and lower rental rates. In such cases, the landlord and the tenant have to agree on a new 
rental rate or ask a court to set a new rental rate for them based on a location benchmark. 
Market rent increases (usually annual) are based on market pricing developments in the relevant location 
in addition to the % amount equal to rent prices according to market pricing map for each location. 
Most tenants are generally required to provide a deposit amounting to 1 month rent plus services related to 
apartment. 
Finland 
In Finland, rental properties are either "liberalised" (free market rent) or "ARA regulated" (rent control). A 
unit is classified as "ARA regulated" if it is part of an asset which was built using state subsidies and/or 
loans guaranteed by the state. A unit remains "ARA regulated" until the loan is repaid and/or when the 
regulation expires (typically between 30 to 40 years). All other units are non-regulated and there are no 
restrictions on rent level or lease term. Leases are typically CPI-linked. Heimstaden Bostad currently targets 
and owns only liberalised units. 
United Kingdom 
The most common form of lease for private, non-owner-occupied residential properties in the UK is an 
Assured Shorthold Tenancy ("AST"). The term of such a lease is typically 12 months and can only be 
otherwise terminated by either mutual agreement between tenant and landlord or tenant breach of contract. 
Assuming both parties seek to renew the lease upon expiry, the rent level and contract length will be subject 
to negotiation. Rents are therefore generally reassessed on an annual basis. Deposits of between one and 
three-months’ rent are normally required. 
The two most common rental regimes within AST leases are Open Market Rent ("OMR") and Discounted 
Market Rent ("DMR"). The OMR segment, which comprises a vast majority of the sector, is entirely free 
market while the DMR segment is focused specifically on affordability. 
DMR units typically must be offered to people earning below a certain income threshold and at a percentage 
discount to OMR rents. 
Real economic occupancy, residential 
The chart below shows the Heimstaden Bostad Group's real economic occupancy, expressed as a 
percentage, for the period between the three months ending 31 December 2020 and the three months ending 
31 December 2021.

--- Page 129 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 129 - 
70-41028024 
 
 
Economic occupancy, residential 
The chart below shows the Heimstaden Bostad Group's economic occupancy, expressed as a percentage, 
for the period between the three months ending 31 December 2020 and the three months ending 31 
December 2021. 
 
Signed Acquisitions 
Heimstaden Bostad expands and improves its portfolio through acquisitions of standing assets and 
newbuilds. As of 31 December 2021, the pipeline of signed acquisitions consisted of both standing assets 
and newbuilds, totalling SEK 12,069 million and 6,918 residential units. Newbuild investments are 
structured either as forward purchase or forward funding. 
Heimstaden Bostad had forward funding contracts with a total committed future capital expenditure of SEK 
5,040 million as of 31 December 2021. 
Signed acquisitions have not yet closed and are subject to conditions precedent, for example, developers 
meeting development targets. Therefore, such acquisitions are not guaranteed to complete on schedule or 
at all if conditions precedent are not met. 
The graph below shows the signed acquisitions by the Heimstaden Bostad Group by scheduled closing date 
in SEK million as of 31 December 2021.

--- Page 130 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 130 - 
70-41028024 
 
Signed acquisitions (SEK 12,069 million) as of 31 December 2021 (SEK million) 
 
Portfolio Growth and Optimisation 
Acquisitions 
Heimstaden Bostad constantly looks for opportunities for potential acquisitions of residential properties 
and portfolios that fit with its existing business activities. Such acquisitions may in the future be purchased 
using a combination of available cash, equity injections from shareholders and future debt financing. 
Heimstaden Bostad is also considering viable investment opportunities in countries outside of its current 
portfolio and may in the future place bids to acquire properties and portfolios that fit with its existing 
business activities. Such bids are typically competitive in nature and there can be no assurance that 
Heimstaden Bostad's bids will be accepted, or that acquisitions will be available at a price that is attractive 
to Heimstaden Bostad. Furthermore, any bids or acquisitions are the subject of due diligence and may not 
be completed on time or at all. In order to continue to grow through acquisitions Heimstaden Bostad will 
need to fund its activities through a combination of equity injections and debt raising. The ability of 
Heimstaden Bostad to complete any acquisitions will therefore be dependent on the ability to attract and 
raise additional finance at commercially attractive rates, that maintain compliance with Heimstaden 
Bostad's financial covenants. 
Divestments 
Heimstaden Bostad has in general an evergreen horizon when acquiring properties, however, optimisation 
of the property portfolio could lead to divestments of non-core assets from time to time. 
Capital expenditure, repair and maintenance 
Heimstaden Bostad invests in refurbishments and the construction of new investment properties. The table 
below provides a breakdown of capital expenditure, repair and maintenance for the year ending 31 
December 2021 and the year ending 31 December 2020. 
Capital expenditure, repair and maintenance 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK million) 
Income statement items 
 
 
Expenses for repair and maintenance (1) .........................................................  
828 
671 
Balance sheet items  
 
 
Capitalised repair and maintenance ...............................................................  
1,823 
1,005 
Tenant improvements ....................................................................................  
1,013 
652

--- Page 131 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 131 - 
70-41028024 
 
Capital expenditure, repair and maintenance 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
Investment properties under construction ......................................................  
2,520 
1,088 
Capital expenditures ......................................................................................  
5,356 
2,745 
Note: 
(1) Excluding group eliminations, see note 2.3 to the financial statements in the annual report of Heimstaden Bostad for the year ending 
31 December 2021. 
Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures 
The table below shows investment in associates and joint ventures by Heimstaden Bostad as at and for the 
year ending 31 December 2021. 
Note: 
(1) Amounts shown for joint ventures reflect the total estimated cost for the joint venture and the element the Heimstaden Bostad Group 
is responsible for is up to 50% of the committed amount. 
Allianz and Heimstaden Bostad joint venture 
On 22 December 2021, Heimstaden Bostad announced that Allianz, on behalf of Allianz companies, will 
invest SEK 7.9 billion in part of the portfolio of properties Heimstaden Bostad recently acquired from 
Akelius in Sweden, forming a joint venture on the SEK 30.4 billion portfolio located in Malmö and 
Stockholm. 3,377 residential units are located in Malmö and 5,932 residential units are located in 
Stockholm. All residential properties have regulated rent with an economic occupancy rate of 
approximately 99%. The transaction was completed in January 2022. The joint venture is funded with 
equity, including Allianz's SEK 7.9 billion investment, and a debt facility from Heimstaden Bostad. The 
joint venture adopts Heimstaden Bostad's sustainability programme and has committed SEK 1.2 billion 
towards energy-optimising measures to reduce the Heimstaden Bostad Group's greenhouse gas emissions 
in line with the Paris Agreement. 
The shareholders hold a combination of preference and common shares with different rights to dividends 
and voting. Heimstaden Bostad holds a higher ratio of common shares, and the joint venture will be fully 
consolidated into the Heimstaden Bostad Group. The joint venture involved a sale by Heimstaden Bostad 
of some of its shares in the joint venture entity, the Heimstaden Bostad Group subsidiary that holds the 
Akelius Swedish property portfolio, in exchange for the payment by Allianz of SEK 7.9 billion. The 
ownership of the joint venture is described in the table below: 
Note: 
(1) Capital means the joint venture's net asset value. 
Investment in Associates and Joint 
Ventures 
Share 
Rental 
income 
Property 
expenses 
Financial items, 
net 
Profit for the year 
Profit for 
Heimstaden 
Bostad's 
holding for 
the period 
(%) 
(SEK million) 
Fastighets AB Rosengård........  
25% 
150 
-108 
-10 
330 
83 
Gamlebro AB .........................  
50% 
17 
-16 
-5 
-4 
-2 
Upplands Bro Brogårds Etapp 2 AB ............  
50% 
0 
-1 
-25 
10 
5 
A Place To A/S .......................  
50% 
7 
-7 
-2 
-1 
-1 
Magnolia Projekt 5222 AB .....  
50% 
0 
0 
0 
471 
236 
Byggrätt Norr AB ...................  
Kiinteistö OY 
Hiihtomäentie 14 ....................  
19% 
53% 
- 
3 
- 
-1 
- 
0 
- 
19 
- 
9 
Total ......................................  
177 
-132 
-42 
825 
330 
Capital(1) 
Voting share 
 
(%) 
(%) 
Heimstaden Bostad .............................  
43.75% 
50.15% 
Allianz ................................................  
56.25% 
49.85% 
Total ..................................................  
100.00% 
100.00%

--- Page 132 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 132 - 
70-41028024 
 
Other Investments 
On 1 March 2022, Heimstaden Bostad announced that the Heimstaden Bostad Group had acquired 
additional shares in Kojamo Oyj, a listed Finnish residential real estate company, bringing Heimstaden 
Bostad’s total ownership to just above 15%. 
Finance and Capital Structure 
Funding Strategy 
Owning and operating residential real estate requires stable and favourable access to capital. Heimstaden 
Bostad adheres to conservative financial policies that support the Heimstaden Bostad Group's long-term 
strategy and aims to maintain a diversified financing structure with a robust balance sheet and strong credit 
metrics. Operations are funded using a combination of shareholders' equity, interest-bearing liabilities and 
other liabilities and cash flow. 
Funding 
The chart below shows an overview of the Heimstaden Bostad Group's funding distribution, expressed as 
a percentage, from the three months ending 31 December 2019 to the three months ending 31 December 
2021. 
Funding distribution, % (three months ending 31 December 2019 – three months ending 31 
December 2021) 
 
The chart below shows an overview of the Heimstaden Bostad Group's funding maturity profile (in SEK 
billion) as at the date of this Base Prospectus. Note hybrid instruments are perpetual and therefore the first 
reset date is shown as the maturity in the chart below.

--- Page 133 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 133 - 
70-41028024 
 
Maturity Profile (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) 
 
The chart below shows an overview of the Heimstaden Bostad Group's average interest rate, expressed as 
a percentage, and average loan tenor (years) from the figures from the year ending 31 December 2017 to 
the year ending 31 December 2021. 
Average interest rate and average loan tenor (2017- 2021) 
 
 
The chart below shows an overview of the Heimstaden Bostad Group's interest rate hedge ("hedge ratio") 
from the figures from the three months ending 31 December 2020 to the three months ending 31 December 
2021.

--- Page 134 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 134 - 
70-41028024 
 
Hedge ratio (three months ending 31 December 2020 – three months ending 31 December 2021) 
 
The table below shows the Heimstaden Bostad Group's interest-bearing liabilities and whether the financing 
is secured by the Heimstaden Bostad Group's assets as of 31 December 2021. 
Interest-bearing liabilities 
Interest-
bearing 
liabilities 
Secured loans 
Share 
Unutilised credit 
commitments 
 
(SEK million) 
(%) 
(%) 
(SEK million) 
Corporate bonds .......................................  
75,282 
0 
47 
- 
Mortgages ................................................  
34,599 
100 
22 
- 
Bank loans ................................................  
49,052 
62 
31 
24,474 
Total ........................................................  
158,933 
41 
100 
24,474 
Deferred charges 
-553 
Total including deferred charges 
158,380 
The table below shows the Heimstaden Bostad Group's unencumbered properties ratio (value of 
unencumbered properties as a proportion of total property value), expressed as a percentage, by country as 
of 31 December 2021. 
Country 
Unencumbered properties ratio 
 
(%) 
Czech Republic .................................................................................................  
100.0 
Denmark ............................................................................................................  
4.7 
Finland ..............................................................................................................  
100.0 
Germany ............................................................................................................  
21.5 
Netherlands .......................................................................................................  
23.6 
Norway..............................................................................................................  
91.3 
Sweden ............................................................................................................ 
75.0 
UK.....................................................................................................................  
100.0 
Total ............................................................................................................................ 
44.8 
The chart below shows the Heimstaden Bostad Group's unencumbered properties ratio, expressed as a 
percentage, from the three months ending 31 December 2020 to the three months ending 31 December 
2021.

--- Page 135 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 135 - 
70-41028024 
 
Unencumbered properties ratio (three months ending 31 December 2020 – three months ending 31 
December 2021) 
 
The chart below shows the Heimstaden Bostad Group's interest coverage ratio (S&P method) from the three 
months ending 31 December 2020 to the three months ending 31 December 2021. 
Interest coverage ratio (S&P method) (three months ending 31 December 2020 – three months 
ending 31 December 2021) 
 
The chart below shows the Heimstaden Bostad Group's net debt / net debt + equity (S&P method) in relation 
to Heimstaden Bostad's financial policy from the three months ending 31 December 2020 to the three 
months ending 31 December 2021.

--- Page 136 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 136 - 
70-41028024 
 
Net debt / Net debt + Equity (S&P method), % (three months ending 31 December 2020 – three 
months ending 31 December 2021) 
 
Note: 
The definition was changed in Q4 2021 to remove the cash adjustment of 10%, this has been reflected for all periods. 
The chart below shows the Heimstaden Bostad Group's secured loan-to-value ratio, expressed as a 
percentage, from the three months ending 31 December 2020 to the three months ending 31 December 
2021. 
Secured loan-to-value ratio (three months ending 31 December 2020 – three months ending 31 
December 2021) 
 
Board of Directors and Management 
Board of Directors 
Brief biographies of the members of the board of directors of Heimstaden Bostad, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, are set out below. The business address of the board of directors of Heimstaden Bostad is Östra 
Promenaden 7A, SE-211 28 Malmö, Sweden. 
Casper von Koskull, Chairman of the Board 
Mr von Koskull is the former Nordea Group Chief Executive Officer. Mr von Koskull has a MSc in 
Economics and Business Administration from Helsinki School of Economics. He has broad international 
working experience from the financial sector, including serving as the former President and CEO of Nordea, 
partner and head of Nordic Investment Banking at Goldman Sachs, London, and holding key positions in 
the financial sector in Europe and the US.

--- Page 137 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 137 - 
70-41028024 
 
Ivar Tollefsen 
Mr Tollefsen is the founder, owner, and Chairman of Fredensborg AS and largest owner and Chairman of 
Heimstaden, Heimstaden Bostad's majority shareholder. 
Vibeke Krag 
Ms Krag has experience of international leadership, portfolio management, law, and insurance from an 
operational career in financial services. She previously served as CEO of Codan Forsikring A/S and has 
board experience from companies such as Gjensidige Forsikring ASA, Nykredit A/S and the Danish 
Competition and Consumer Authority. The Ministry of Finance has appointed her to the board of ATP, 
Denmark's largest institutional investor. 
Axel Brändström 
Mr Brändström is the Head of Real Assets Investments at Alecta, and holds positions as Chairman of the 
Board of Alecta and Board member of Swedish Airport Infrastructure AB and Skandia Fastigheter. He has 
previously been Chief Investment Officer ("CIO") at Skandia Investment Management and Head of Risk 
Allocation at Skandia Liv. 
Birgitta Stenmark 
Ms Stenmark is the Head of Alternative Investment at the Folksam Group (representing the Folksam 
Group). She has held this role since 2009 and joined the Folksam Group in 1997 as a portfolio manager. 
She is also a board member of several other real estate companies. 
Christer Franzén 
Mr Franzén is the CIO at Ericsson Pensionsstiftelse, which has a broad investment portfolio with a capital 
preservation approach and focus on cash generating investments. Mr Franzén has held this role for more 
than fifteen years. He is also a board member of several other real estate companies with Nordic focus. 
Bente A. Landsnes 
Ms Landsnes has experience within financial services and licenced financial operations from, among others, 
Oslo Børs. She has relationships with large international investors and experience within digital 
transformation, change and reputation management, financial reporting, investor relations, corporate 
governance and environmental, social and governance. She has board experience from companies such as 
Danske Bank, Norbit ASA, Infront ASA and Oslo Clearing. 
John Giverholt 
Mr Giverholt has been on the board of Heimstaden Bostad’s majority shareholder, Heimstaden, since 2018. 
He has experience of capital markets having served as CFO for DNB, CEO of Ferd and as a former board 
member of Telenor, Kongsberg Gruppen, Gjensidige Forsikring, and Scatec Solar as well as Board 
assignments in family-owned businesses. 
Frans Heijbel 
Mr Heijbel is the Head of International Real Assets at Alecta where he previously was responsible for 
transactions. Mr Heijbel has more than 20 years of experience in the property and finance industry in 
Stockholm and London in senior roles at Trinova Real Estate LLP, Bank of Ireland REIM and JLL. 
Eldbjørg Sture 
Ms Sture has experience from senior positions within DNB Group and investment banking, large 
companies, and Group functions. She has held board positions in several companies, including DNB 
Markets Inc. NYC, DNB Bank Polska S.A, Marine Harvest ASA and Aktiv Kapital ASA. 
Stefan Attefall 
Mr Attefall is a former member of the Riksbank’s General Council and was the minister for Construction 
and Housing and a Civil minister of the Swedish government from 2010 to 2014. Today, he is an active

--- Page 138 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 138 - 
70-41028024 
 
senior advisor and board member of several companies in the Nordic construction and residential property 
segment. 
Senior Management 
Heimstaden Bostad has entered a group-wide management agreement (the "Management Agreement") 
with Heimstaden and has no direct contracts with senior management. See the section "Description of the 
Issuer – Senior Management" for more information. 
Employees 
Heimstaden Bostad's properties and property-owning companies are managed by subsidiaries of 
Heimstaden AB in each relevant country in which the Group operates, except for the Czech Republic and 
properties forming part of the Akelius Portfolio. All employees are employed by the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries, with the exception of employees in the Czech Republic and those managing the Akelius 
Portfolio in Germany, Sweden and Denmark, which are indirectly employed by Heimstaden Bostad. 
Recent Developments 
Allianz and Heimstaden Bostad joint venture 
On 22 December 2021, Heimstaden Bostad announced that Allianz, on behalf of Allianz companies, will 
invest SEK 7.9 billion in part of the portfolio of properties Heimstaden Bostad recently acquired from 
Akelius in Sweden, forming a joint venture on the SEK 30.4 billion portfolio located in Malmö and 
Stockholm. The transaction closed in January 2022. See the section "Allianz and Heimstaden Bostad joint 
venture" for more information. 
HBT has issued a EUR 500 million senior unsecured bond 
On 5 January 2022, HBT issued EUR 500 million floating rate notes under its Euro Medium Term Note 
programme. The notes have a maturity of two years with a call option at par after approximately one year 
and carry a floating rate to maturity of three months EURIBOR plus 55 basis points. 
HBT has issued EUR 1.2 billion of senior unsecured bonds 
On 24 January 2022, HBT issued EUR 1,200 million senior unsecured fixed rate notes with 3.5 - and 6.5-
year tenors under its EMTN programme. The EUR 700 million notes have a 3.5-year tenor with an annual 
coupon of 0.625% and the EUR 500 million notes have a 6.5-year tenor with an annual coupon of 1.375%.

--- Page 139 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 139 - 
70-41028024 
 
SELECTED KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS OF HEIMSTADEN BOSTAD 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Heimstaden Bostad applies the ESMA guidelines. Heimstaden Bostad presents certain financial measures 
that are not defined in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted in the 
European Union ("IFRS"). Heimstaden Bostad believes that these measures provide valuable additional 
information to investors and management as they enable assessment of Heimstaden Bostad Group's 
performance. Since not all companies calculate financial measures in the same way, these are not always 
comparable to measurements used by other companies. Accordingly, these financial measures should not 
be considered as a replacement for measures defined in accordance with IFRS. Further details are provided 
below in respect of alternative performance measures used in this Base Prospectus. 
*) These specific key performance indicators are operational and are not considered to be key data in 
accordance with the ESMA guidelines. 
Net operating income margin (%) 
Net operating income for the period as a percentage of rental income for the period. This key performance 
indicator shows the profitability of the properties. 
Interest coverage ratio (rolling 12 months) (multiple) 
Profit before inventory properties and fair value adjustments plus financial income divided by financial 
costs attributable to interest-bearing liabilities. The interest coverage ratio is an industry standard ratio used 
to determine the extent to which Heimstaden Bostad's interest and debt servicing expenses are covered by 
operating profits. In addition, this ratio provides additional transparency on cash flow that is available after 
servicing debt obligations. 
Interest coverage ratio, (S&P method) (rolling 12 months) (multiple) 
EBITDA (adjusted) divided by Interest Expense (adjusted). EBITDA (adjusted) means profit before 
inventory properties and fair value adjustments, plus depreciation and amortisation, the SOS partnership 
fee, transaction costs from business combination and less share of net profits of associates and joint ventures. 
Interest Expense (adjusted) means interest expenses on interest-bearing liabilities and 50% of the accrued 
(scheduled) dividend payments in respect of Heimstaden Bostad's outstanding hybrid capital as financial 
costs. The inclusion of 50% of the hybrid dividend payments reflects S&P's classification of Heimstaden 
Bostad's outstanding hybrid capital as being 50% debt and 50% equity (rather than the IFRS classification 
of the same instrument being 100% equity). 
Net loan-to-value ratio (%) 
Net loan-to-value ratio is interest-bearing secured liabilities and interest-bearing unsecured liabilities minus 
cash and cash equivalents as a percentage of fair value of investment properties. Loan-to-value is an 
acknowledged measure of leverage and risk in the real estate industry. This ratio highlights Heimstaden 
Bostad's ability to manage financial liabilities given its fair value real estate portfolio. 
Secured loan-to-value ratio (%) 
Interest-bearing secured liabilities as a percentage of total assets. 
Net interest-bearing liabilities (SEK million) 
Total interest-bearing liabilities less cash and cash equivalents. 
Net debt to total assets (%) 
Net interest-bearing liabilities as a percentage of total assets. 
Net debt / Net debt + Equity (S&P method) (%) 
Equity (adjusted) is computed as equity less 50% of the amount of hybrid liabilities. Net interest-bearing 
liabilities adjusted ("Net debt") is computed as the sum of total interest-bearing liabilities plus 50% of

--- Page 140 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 140 - 
70-41028024 
 
principal amount of hybrid liabilities and right-of-use liabilities less cash and cash equivalents. Net debt / 
(Net debt + Equity) is computed as net debt divided by net debt plus equity (adjusted). This metric is 
calculated according to S&P's rating methodology, with 50% of the principal amount of hybrid bonds 
classified as debt and 50% classified as equity (rather than the IFRS classification of the same instrument 
being 100% equity). 
Equity ratio (%) 
Equity as a percentage of total assets. 
Average interest rate (%)* 
Average interest on the balance sheet date for interest-bearing liabilities with interest rate derivatives taken 
into account. 
The average remaining term of fixed interest in the loan portfolio, including derivatives (years)* 
Average remaining maturity on the interest settlement date of all credits and derivatives in the debt portfolio. 
Average loan tenor (years)* 
Average remaining period until final maturity of all credits in the debt portfolio. 
Net asset value on the balance sheet date (SEK million) 
Equity plus deferred tax liability not attributable to goodwill. 
EBITDA (rolling 12 months) 
Profit before inventory properties and fair value adjustments plus transaction costs from business 
combination and amortisation and depreciation. 
Debt / EBITDA (rolling 12 months) (multiple) 
Time-weighted interest-bearing liabilities divided by profit before inventory properties and fair value 
adjustments plus transactions costs from business combination with reversal of amortisation and 
depreciation. Due to seasonality in EBITDA, this key performance indicator is calculated using the last 12 
months' rolling data. 
Economic occupancy ratio, residential (%) 
Theoretical rental income from residential units divided by theoretical rental income on residential units 
including estimated rent for vacant apartments. Rent is estimated for a vacant apartment based on the most 
recent contracted rent for such apartment. 
Real economic occupancy ratio, residential (%) 
Theoretical rental income from residential units divided by theoretical rental income including estimated 
rent for vacant apartments adjusted for voluntary vacancies due to standard improvements. Rent is 
estimated for a vacant apartment based on the most recent contracted rent for such apartment. 
Proportion residential fair value on balance sheet date (%)* 
Fair value of residential units as share of total fair value of standing assets of investment properties. 
The table below lists each of the above Key Performance Indicators for Heimstaden Bostad as at and for 
the years ending 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021.

--- Page 141 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 141 - 
70-41028024 
 
Key Performance Indicators 
 
 
Year ending 31 December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK million unless otherwise 
stated) 
 
Property-related key data 
 
 
Net operating income margin (%) ...........................................................................  
62.6 
61.5 
Economic occupancy ratio, residential (%) .............................................................  
96.4 
95.8 
Real economic occupancy ratio, residential (%) ......................................................  
97.9 
97.5 
Proportion residential fair value on balance sheet date (%) .....................................  
92.5 
93.0 
Cash generated from operations ..............................................................................  
6,042 
3,117 
 
 
 
Financial key data 
 
 
Interest coverage ratio (rolling 12 months) (multiple) .............................................  
2.3 
2.9 
Interest coverage ratio, (S&P method) (rolling 12 months) (multiple) ....................  
2.9 
2.5 
Net loan-to-value ratio (%) ......................................................................................  
46.2 
43.7 
Secured loan-to-value ratio (%) ...............................................................................  
18.6 
25.8 
Net debt / Net debt + Equity (S&P method) (%) .....................................................  
52.2 
49.8 
Net debt to total assets (%) ......................................................................................  
39.8 
40.2 
Equity ratio (%) .......................................................................................................  
45.9 
49.5 
Average interest rate (%) .........................................................................................  
1.0 
1.7 
The average remaining term of fixed interest in the loan portfolio, including derivatives 
(years) ..................................................................................................................  
2.19 
3.06 
Average loan tenor (years) ......................................................................................  
8.9 
10.5 
Net asset value on the balance sheet date ................................................................  
169,271 
81,953 
Debt / EBITDA (rolling 12 month) (multiple) .........................................................  
21.1 
19.4 
Profit before inventory properties and fair value adjustments(1) ..............................  
2,834 
3,589 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
Prior to 31 March 2021, reported as profit from property management. In 2021, this metric was impacted by transaction costs 
from business combination with the Akelius Portfolio of SEK 2,232 million. 
Financial Policy 
Financial Policy 
Targets 
As at 31 December 
 
 
2021 
2020 
 
 
 
 
Interest coverage ratio, rolling 12 months, 
S&P method............................................  
≥ 2.4 
2.9 
2.5 
Net Debt / Net Debt + Equity, S&P 
Method (%)(1) ..........................................  
< 55 
52.2 
49.8 
Average loan tenor (years) .........................  
≥ 4 
8.9 
10.5 
Loan maturity in individual year (%) .........  
≤ 25 
14 
13 
Share of loans from individual lender (%) ..  
≤ 20 
11 
12 
Interest rate hedge (%) ...............................  
≥ 75 
77 
80 
Quick ratio(2) ...............................................  
≥ 1.25 
2.90 
1.49 
 
Notes: 
(1) 
The Net debt to net debt + equity ratio is calculated on the basis of the S&P classification of Heimstaden Bostad's outstanding 
hybrid capital as being 50% debt and 50% equity, rather than the IFRS classification of the same instrument as being 100% 
equity. 
(2) 
The quick ratio is calculated as cash and bank balance, including available credit facilities divided by forecast net liquidity 
needs over the ensuing 12 months, in accordance with S&P's guidelines. 
The table above sets out the financial guidelines that are relevant to Heimstaden Bostad, as contained in 
internal guidelines and financial agreements with third parties. 
The table below sets out the ways in which certain key data, which is considered "alternative" according to 
the ESMA guidelines, is derived.

--- Page 142 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 142 - 
70-41028024 
 
Derivation of key data considered alternative according to the ESMA guidelines 
 
As for the year 
ending 31 
December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK million 
unless otherwise 
stated) 
 
 
Economic occupancy, residential (%) 
 
 
Theoretical rental income on residential units .......................................  
8,425 
6,322 
Economic vacancy ................................................................................  
-305 
-269 
Rental income on residential units ........................................................  
8,120 
6,053 
Economic occupancy (%) ....................................................................  
96.4 
95.8 
 
 
 
Real economic occupancy ratio, residential (%) 
 
 
Theoretical rental income on residential units .......................................  
8,425 
6,322 
Adjusted for non-market vacancy .........................................................  
-175 
-161 
Adjusted theoretical rental income ........................................................  
8,250 
6,161 
Real economic occupancy ratio, residential (%) ...............................  
97.9 
97.5 
 
 
 
Net operating income margin (%) 
 
 
Rental income .......................................................................................  
8,608 
6,332 
Net operating income ............................................................................  
5,386 
3,893 
Net operating income margin (%) ......................................................  
62.6 
61.5 
 
 
As at / for the year ending 31 
December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK million unless otherwise stated) 
 
Profit before financial items plus financial income (rolling 12 
months) 
 
 
Profit before inventory properties and fair value adjustments .............  
2,834 
3,589 
Financial income ..................................................................................  
152 
81 
Profit before financial items plus financial income (rolling 12 
months) ...............................................................................................  
2,986 
3,670 
 
 
 
Interest coverage ratio (rolling 12 months) (multiple) 
 
 
Profit before financial items plus financial income..............................  
2,986 
3,670 
Financial costs – Interest-bearing liabilities .........................................  
1,288 
1,269 
Interest coverage ratio (rolling 12 months) (multiple).....................  
2.3 
2.9 
 
 
 
Interest coverage ratio, (S&P method) (rolling 12 months) 
(multiple) 
 
 
Profit before inventory properties and fair value adjustments .............  
2,834 
3,589 
Depreciation and amortisation .............................................................  
2 
11 
SOS partnership fee .............................................................................  
49 
- 
Transaction costs from business combination ......................................  
2,232 
- 
Share of net profits of associates and joint ventures ............................  
-329 
-32 
EBITDA, adjusted. ............................................................................  
4,789 
3,567 
Interest expenses on interest-bearing liabilities ...................................  
1,288 
1,269 
50% hybrid dividend (reflecting S&P methodology) ...........................  
389 
157 
Interest expense, adjusted. ................................................................  
1,677 
1,425 
Interest coverage ratio, (S&P method) (rolling 12 months) 
(multiple) .............................................................................................  
2.9 
2.5 
 
 
 
Equity ratio (%) 
 
 
Total equity ..........................................................................................  
160,338 
77,741 
Total assets ..........................................................................................  
349,066 
156,926 
Equity ratio (%) .................................................................................  
45.9 
49.5 
 
Net interest-bearing liabilities 
 
 
Interest-bearing secured liabilities .......................................................  
65,072 
40,463

--- Page 143 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 143 - 
70-41028024 
 
 
As at / for the year ending 31 
December 
 
2021 
2020 
 
(SEK million unless otherwise stated) 
Interest-bearing unsecured liabilities ...................................................  
93,307 
30,317 
Cash and cash equivalents ...................................................................  
-19,508 
-7,636 
Net interest-bearing liabilities ...........................................................  
138,872 
63,143 
 
 
 
Net debt to total assets (%) 
 
 
Net interest-bearing liabilities ..............................................................  
138,872 
63,143 
Total assets ..........................................................................................  
349,066 
156,926 
Net debt to total assets (%) ................................................................  
39.8 
40.2 
 
 
 
Net loan-to-value (LTV) (%) 
 
 
Net interest-bearing liabilities ..............................................................  
138,872 
63,143 
Fair value of investment properties ......................................................  
300,584 
144,404 
Net loan-to-value (LTV) (%) .............................................................  
46.2 
43.7 
 
 
 
Secured loan-to-value (%) 
 
 
Interest-bearing secured liabilities .......................................................  
65,072 
40,463 
Total assets ..........................................................................................  
349,066 
156,926 
Secured loan-to-value (%) .................................................................  
18.6 
25.8 
 
 
 
Net debt / Net debt + Equity (S&P method) (%) 
 
 
Equity ..................................................................................................  
160,338 
77,741 
50% of hybrid equity as debt (S&P adjusted) ......................................  
16,833 
6,818 
Equity adjusted ..................................................................................  
143,505 
70,923 
Total interest-bearing liabilities ...........................................................  
158,380 
70,780 
Right-of-use-liabilities .........................................................................  
734 
531 
Cash and cash equivalents. ..................................................................  
-19,508 
-7,636 
50% of hybrid equity as debt (S&P adjusted) ......................................  
16,833 
6,818 
Net interest-bearing liabilities, adjusted (Net debt) ........................  
156,439 
70,492 
Net debt + Equity ...............................................................................  
299,944 
141,415 
Net debt / Net debt + Equity (S&P method) (%) .............................  
52.2 
49.8 
 
 
 
Net asset value on the balance sheet date 
 
 
Equity ..................................................................................................  
160,338 
77,741 
Deferred tax liability not attributable to goodwill ................................  
8,934 
4,212 
Net asset value on the balance sheet date .........................................  
169,271 
81,953 
 
 
 
Debt (rolling 12 months) 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities (rolling 12 months).....................................  
106,976 
69,954 
Debt (rolling 12 months) ....................................................................  
106,976 
69,954 
 
 
 
EBITDA (rolling 12 months) 
 
 
Profit before inventory properties and fair value adjustments .............  
2,834 
3,589 
Transaction cost from business combination .......................................  
2,232 
- 
Amortisation and depreciation .............................................................  
2 
11 
EBITDA (rolling 12 months).............................................................  
5,068 
3,599 
 
 
 
Debt/EBITDA (rolling 12 months) (multiple) 
 
 
Interest-bearing liabilities (rolling 12 months).....................................  
106,976 
69,954 
EBITDA (rolling 12 months) ...............................................................  
5,068 
3,599 
Debt/EBITDA (rolling 12 months) (multiple) ..................................  
21.1 
19.4 
 
Derivation of certain key data by geographic segment 
 
 
3 months ending 31 December 2021 
 
Sweden 
Germany 
Denmark 
Netherlands 
Norway 
Total 
Rental income, 2020 (comparative 
portfolio) (SEK million) .................  
626 
5 
355 
219 
179 
1,383 
Rental income, 2021 (comparative 
portfolio) (SEK million) .................  
640 
6 
372 
226 
186 
1,429

--- Page 144 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 144 - 
70-41028024 
 
Like-for-like rental income growth 
(%) ................................................  
2.2% 
18.8% 
4.9% 
3.0% 
3.7% 
3.3% 
 
 
3 months ending 31 December 2021 
 
Sweden 
Germany 
Denmark 
Netherlands 
Norway 
Czech rep. 
Finland 
Total 
Theoretical rental income on 
residential units (SEK million) .......  
723 
255 
622 
287 
162 
306 
12 
2,338 
Economic vacancy (SEK million) ......  
-13 
-8 
-11 
-8 
-9 
-20 
-0.2 
-69 
Rental income on residential units 
(SEK million) .................................  
710 
217 
611 
279 
153 
286 
11 
2,269 
Economic occupancy ratio (%) .......  
98.2% 
96.3% 
98.2% 
97.3% 
94.7% 
93.3% 
98.1% 
97.1% 
 
 
3 months ending 31 December 2021 
 
Sweden 
Germany 
Denmark 
Netherlands 
Norway 
Czech rep. 
Finland 
Total 
Theoretical rental income on 
residential units (SEK million) .......  
723 
225 
622 
287 
162 
306 
12 
2,338 
Adjusted for non-market vacancy 
(SEK million)  ................................  
-6 
-5 
-6 
-2 
-6 
-14 
0.0 
-40 
Adjusted theoretical rental income 
(SEK million)  ................................  
718 
220 
617 
285 
156 
292 
11 
2,298 
Real economic occupancy ratio (%)  
99.4% 
98.1% 
99.2% 
99.6% 
96.6% 
95.5% 
98.2% 
98.3%

--- Page 145 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 145 - 
70-41028024 
 
PRO FORMA FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF HEIMSTADEN BOSTAD 
Following the closing of the Acquisitions on 1 December 2021, the pro forma income statement has been 
created as an illustration of how the results for Heimstaden Bostad for the period 1 January 2021 to 31 
December 2021 could have looked if the Acquisitions were carried out on 1 January 2021. The balance 
sheet for the same period has not been provided because the Acquisitions closed prior to 31 December 2021 
and the assets and liabilities are therefore included in the audited financial statements of the Heimstaden 
Bostad Group for the year ended 31 December 2021, which are incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus. 
The following pro forma financial information has been produced for illustrative purposes only and the 
hypothetical financial position or results included in the pro forma financial information may differ from 
Heimstaden Bostad's actual financial position or results. It also does not show the financial position or the 
results of the business at a future point in time. 
The pro forma income statement has been prepared in a manner consistent with the accounting policies 
adopted by Heimstaden Bostad in preparing its financial statements for the twelve months ended 31 
December 2021. 
Third Party Information 
The financial information of Akelius has been extracted from management accounts provided by Akelius 
to Heimstaden Bostad. Heimstaden Bostad confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information made available to it by Akelius, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

--- Page 146 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 146 - 
70-41028024 
 
Independent auditor’s assurance report on the compilation of pro forma financial information 
included in this Base Prospectus 
To the Board of Directors of Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ) 
Stockholm, 16 March 2022 
Report on the Compilation of Pro Forma Financial Information Included in a Prospectus 
We have completed our assurance engagement to report on the compilation of unaudited pro forma financial 
information of Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ) (the "Company") by the Board of Directors of the Company. 
The pro forma financial information consists of the unaudited pro forma income statement for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021 and related notes as set out on pages 148 and 149 of the base prospectus 
issued by Heimstaden AB (publ) on 16 March 2022. The applicable criteria on the basis of which the Board 
of Directors has compiled the pro forma financial information are specified in the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 and described in the notes (applicable criteria). 
The pro forma financial information has been compiled by the Board of Directors to illustrate the impact 
of the Company’s acquisition of all shares in each of Akelius Bolig Holding ApS, with Danish registration 
number 37 22 21 19, Akelius Lägenheter AB, with Swedish registration number 556549-6360, Akelius 
GmbH (registered with the commercial register kept at the local court of Charlottenburg under registration 
number HRB 101392 B), Akelius Lots GmbH & Co. KG (registered with the commercial register kept at 
the local court of Charlottenburg under registration number (HRA 47950 B) and the direct and indirect 
subsidiaries of Akelius GmbH (together, the "Akelius Portfolio"), had taken place at 1 January 2021. 
As part of this process, information about the Company's income statement has been extracted by the Board 
of Directors from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company prepared in accordance 
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 on 
which an auditors' report has been published and information about the Akelius Portfolio's income 
statement has been extracted from management accounts provided by Akelius for the eleven month period 
ended 30 November 2021, on which no auditors' review report has been issued.  
The Board of Directors' Responsibility for the Pro Forma Financial Information 
The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for compiling the pro forma financial information 
on the basis of the applicable criteria. 
Our Independence and Quality Control 
We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements for Professional Accountants in 
Sweden, which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and 
due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour. 
The firm applies International Standard on Quality Control 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits 
and Reviews of Financial Statements, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements and 
accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and 
procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. 
Independent Auditor's Responsibilities 
Our responsibility is to express an opinion, as required by Annex 20 item 3 of the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, about whether the pro forma financial information has been 
compiled, in all material respects, by the Board of Directors of the Company on the basis of the applicable 
criteria. 
We conducted our engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 
(ISAE) 3420, Assurance Engagements to Report on the Compilation of Pro Forma Financial Information 
Included in a Prospectus, issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. This 
standard requires that the independent auditor comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform 
procedures to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Board of Directors of the Company has

--- Page 147 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 147 -
70-41028024 
compiled, in all material respects, the pro forma financial information on the basis of the applicable criteria. 
We confirm that we do not have a material interest in the Company. 
For purposes of this engagement, we are not responsible for updating or reissuing any reports or opinions 
on any historical financial information used in compiling the pro forma financial information, nor have we, 
in the course of this engagement, performed an audit or review of the financial information used in 
compiling the pro forma financial information. 
The purpose of pro forma financial information included in a prospectus is solely to illustrate the impact of 
a significant event or transaction on unadjusted financial information of the entity as if the event had 
occurred or the transaction had been undertaken at an earlier date selected for purposes of the illustration. 
Accordingly, we do not provide any assurance that the actual outcome of the event or transaction at 31 
December 2021 would have been as presented. 
A reasonable assurance engagement to report on whether the pro forma financial information has been 
compiled, in all material respects, on the basis of the applicable criteria involves performing procedures to 
assess whether the applicable criteria used by the Board of Directors of the Company in the compilation of 
the pro forma financial information provide a reasonable basis for presenting the significant effects directly 
attributable to the event or transaction, and to obtain sufficient appropriate evidence about whether: 
•
The related pro forma adjustments give appropriate effect to those criteria; and
•
The pro forma financial information reflects the proper application of those adjustments to the
unadjusted financial information.
The procedures selected depend on the independent auditor's judgment, having regard to the independent 
auditor's understanding of the nature of the company, the event or transaction in respect of which the pro 
forma financial information has been compiled, and other relevant engagement circumstances. 
The engagement also involves evaluating the overall presentation of the pro forma financial information. 
We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
opinion. 
Opinion 
In our opinion, the pro forma financial information has been properly compiled on the basis stated and such 
basis is consistent with the accounting policies of Heimstaden Bostad AB (publ). 
Ernst & Young AB 
Jonas Svensson 
Authorised public accountant

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 - 
Income Statement 
Pro forma Adjustments 
Twelve months ending 31 December 2021 
Heimstaden 
Bostad(1) 
Akelius Portfolio(2) 
Acquisition 
related 
adjustments 
Footnotes 
Pro forma 
(SEK millions) 
Rental income...................................................................................................................... 
8,608 
2,442 
11,050 
Service income .................................................................................................................... 
639 
345 
984 
Property costs ...................................................................................................................... 
-3,861 
-1,107 
-4,968 
Net operating income......................................................................................................... 
5,386 
1,680 
7,066 
Corporate administrative expenses ...................................................................................... 
-546 
-146 
-29 
B, C 
-721 
Other operating income ....................................................................................................... 
5 
8 
14 
Other operating expenses..................................................................................................... 
-2,340 
4 
-10 
B 
-2,346 
Share of net profits of associates and joint ventures ............................................................ 
329 
-295 
- 
34 
Profit before inventory properties and fair value adjustments ...................................... 
2,834 
1,252 
-40 
- 
4,047 
Fair value adjustment of investment properties.................................................................... 
21,363 
15,538 
- 
- 
36,901 
Gains/losses from sale of inventory properties .................................................................... 
-2
54 
- 
- 
52 
Operating profit................................................................................................................. 
24,195 
16,845 
-40 
41,000 
Interest expenses on interest-bearing liabilities.................................................................... 
-1,288 
-128 
-341 
A 
-1,756 
Financial income ................................................................................................................. 
152 
- 
- 
152 
Net foreign exchange gains/losses ....................................................................................... 
76 
-5 
71 
Fair value adjustment of derivative financial instruments.................................................... 
819 
2 
- 
821 
Other financial items ........................................................................................................... 
70 
-301 
294 
B 
62 
Profit before tax ................................................................................................................. 
24,024 
16,413 
-87 
- 
40,350 
Current tax expense ............................................................................................................. 
-492 
-88 
- 
- 
-580 
Deferred tax expense ........................................................................................................... 
-4,580 
-3,641 
- 
- 
-8,221 
Profit for the period........................................................................................................... 
18,952 
12,685 
-87 
- 
31,549 
Other comprehensive income/loss ....................................................................................... 
3,627 
- 
- 
- 
3,627 
Comprehensive income for the period 
22,579 
12,685 
- 
- 
35,177

--- Page 149 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 149 -
Notes to the Income Statement: 
(1) The financial information in respect of Heimstaden Bostad is sourced from its audited consolidated financial statements in respect of the twelve months ended
31 December 2021, incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. The financial information includes one month of data in respect of the Akelius portfolio
from the closing date of 1 December 2021.
(2) The financial information in respect of the Akelius Portfolio is sourced from management accounts prepared by Akelius in respect of the period during 2021
in which the portfolio was owned by Akelius, the eleven month period ended 30 November 2021.
Adjustments (without a continuing impact on Heimstaden Bostad): 
A.
Interest expenses on interest-bearing liabilities is increased by SEK 341 million to reflect committed bridge financing in Heimstaden Bostad.
B.
Akelius inter-company items are based on IFRS figures from the sellers of the acquired companies, the financing under Akelius's property portfolio would not be
applicable where the acquired companies are owned by Heimstaden Bostad and the Akelius inter-company items are therefore removed and new calculations of
Heimstaden Bostad represented mirroring full ownership by Heimstaden Bostad for the full period. Akelius inter-company items are removed to mirror Heimstaden
Bostad ownership, decreasing Corporate administration expenses of SEK 121 million. Akelius inter-company items are removed to mirror Heimstaden Bostad
ownership, increasing other operating cost of SEK 10 million. Akelius inter-company items are removed to mirror Heimstaden Bostad ownership, increasing Other
financial items of SEK 294 million. Net effect of removal of Akelius inter-company items, increases Comprehensive income of SEK 405 million.
C.
Corporate administrative expenses costs are increased SEK 151 million to reflect Heimstaden Bostad ownership.

--- Page 150 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 150 - 
70-41028024 
 
TAXATION 
SWEDEN 
The following summary outlines certain Swedish tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership and 
disposal of Notes. The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as in effect as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is intended to provide general information only. The summary is not exhaustive and does 
thus not address all potential aspects of Swedish taxation that may be relevant for a potential investor in 
the Notes and is neither intended to be nor should be construed as legal or tax advice. In particular, the 
summary does not address the rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. 
Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain categories of corporations, e.g. investment 
companies and life insurance companies, not described below. In addition, the summary does not address 
Notes that are held on an "investment savings account" (investeringssparkonto) or through a "capital 
insurance" (kapitalförsäkring). Investors should consult their professional tax advisers regarding the 
Swedish and foreign tax consequences (including the applicability and effect of double taxation treaties) of 
acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in their particular circumstances. 
Non-resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a non-resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is not a resident 
of Sweden for tax purposes and who has no and has not had any connection to Sweden other than his/her 
investment in the Notes, or (b) an entity not organised under the laws of Sweden and which does not carry 
out any business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden. 
Payments of any principal amount under a Note or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish 
tax purposes to a non-resident holder of any Notes should not be subject to Swedish income tax provided 
that such holder does not carry out business activities from a permanent establishment in Sweden to which 
the Notes are attributable. Under Swedish tax law, no withholding tax is imposed on payments of principal 
amounts under Notes or interest to a non-resident holder of Notes. 
Notwithstanding the above, a private individual may be liable to pay taxes in Sweden on a limited basis 
even if he/she is not resident in Sweden, providing that he/she has been resident in Sweden or has lived 
permanently in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of, or the ten calendar years preceding, a 
disposal or redemption of certain financial instruments, depending on the classification of the particular 
financial instrument for Swedish income tax purposes. This liability may, however, be limited by tax 
treaties between Sweden and other countries. 
Resident holders of Notes 
As used herein, a resident holder means a holder of Notes who is (a) an individual who is a resident in 
Sweden for tax purposes and thereby liable to pay taxes on an unlimited basis, i.e. on all income regardless 
of source, or (b) an entity organized under the laws of Sweden. 
Generally, for Swedish corporations and individuals (and estates of deceased individuals) that are resident 
holders of any Notes, all income derived from capital assets (e.g. income that is considered to be interest 
for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on Notes) will be taxable. 
Amortisation of principal amounts under Notes is not otherwise subject to Swedish income tax. Any 
currency exchange gains or losses resulting from amortisations in other currencies than SEK may however 
be taxable or deductible according to the capital tax rules. Swedish tax law does not impose withholding 
tax on payments of principal amounts under Notes or interest. However, if amounts that are considered to 
be interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid to an individual (or an estate of a deceased person) that is a 
resident holder of Notes, Swedish preliminary tax (preliminärskatt) is normally withheld on such payments 
at a rate of 30%. 
FATCA DISCLOSURE 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
"foreign financial institution" (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments 
it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or

--- Page 151 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 151 - 
70-41028024 
 
related requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including Sweden) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which 
FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial 
institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as Notes, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or 
an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru 
payments on instruments such as Notes, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. 
Federal Register and Notes characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and 
have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published generally would 
be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including 
by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Notes (as described under Condition 18 
(Further Issues)) that are not distinguishable from previously issued Notes are issued after the expiration 
of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may 
treat all Notes, including the Notes offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding how these rules 
may apply to their investment in the Notes. 
The proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for 
a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions 
referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be "established" in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating 
Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a 
participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate and/or certain of the participating Member States may decide to 
withdraw. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to 
the FTT.

--- Page 152 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 152 - 
70-41028024 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a Programme Agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Programme Agreement") dated 16 March 2022, 
agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes". In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for 
certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and 
the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by 
them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable 
Final Terms will identify whether TEFRA C rules or TEFRA D rules apply or whether TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes (a) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of all Notes of the Tranche 
of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in accordance with Regulation S of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to 
which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S 
under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and

--- Page 153 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 153 - 
70-41028024 
 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not 
made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that 
it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of 
the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes; and 
• 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the

--- Page 154 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 154 - 
70-41028024 
 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms 
in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
• 
the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in the UK means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer 
and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Notes; and 
• 
the expression "UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning 
of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA") and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, 
as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit 
of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 155 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 155 - 
70-41028024 
 
Norway 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, unless the Issuer has confirmed in writing to each Dealer that this Base 
Prospectus has been filed with and approved by the NFSA, it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold 
and will not directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Norway or to residents of Norway, other than: 
(a) 
in respect of an offer of Notes addressed to investors subject to a minimum purchase of Notes for 
a total consideration of not less than €100,000 per investor, or in respect of Notes whose 
denomination per unit amounts to at least €100,000; or 
(b) 
to "professional investors" as defined in Section 10-6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 
29 June 2007 no. 75; or 
(c) 
to, when aggregated with such offer or sale of any Notes in the same offering by any other Dealer, 
fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than "professional investors" as defined in Section 
10-6 in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75), subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers for any such offer; or 
(d) 
in any other circumstances provided that no such offer of Notes shall result in a requirement for 
the registration or the publication by the Issuer or the Dealer or Dealers of a prospectus pursuant 
to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act of 29 June 2007 no. 75. 
The Notes shall be registered with Euronext VPS in dematerialised form or in another central securities 
depository which is properly authorised and recognised by the NFSA as being entitled to register the Notes 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 909/2014, unless (i) the Notes are denominated in NOK, issued outside of 
Norway and reserved for and only sold and offered to non-Norwegian residents and entities, or (ii) 
denominated in a currency other than NOK and issued outside of Norway. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Notes for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as "Not 
Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not 
be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a "Belgian Consumer") and that it has 
not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the 
Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian 
Consumer. 
Sweden 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. 
Finansinspektionen). Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not market or offer the Notes in Sweden in 
circumstances that are deemed to be an offer to the public in Sweden which would require that a prospectus 
is approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for 
subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (2020

--- Page 156 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 156 - 
70-41028024 
 
Revised Edition) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) 
of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer 
referred to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) 
(Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or 
distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the 
purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to 
which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer, the 
Trustee nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer, the Trustee or the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 157 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 157 - 
70-41028024 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder has been duly authorised by  
resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 28 February 2022. 
Listing of Notes 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the 
Euronext Dublin Regulated Market and/or admitted to trading on the Oslo Stock Exchange's regulated 
market (Oslo Børs) will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the issue of one or more 
Global Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. Application has been made to (i) Euronext 
Dublin for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its regulated market and (ii) the Oslo 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date 
of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on its regulated market (Oslo Børs). The approval of the 
Programme in respect of the Notes was granted on or about 16 March 2022. 
Listing Agent 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
connection with the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext 
Dublin or to trading on the Euronext Dublin Regulated Market for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Documents Available 
Copies of the following documents will be available for inspection (in electronic format) at 
https://corporate.heimstaden.com/home/:  
(a) 
the constitutional documents of the Issuer with an English translation thereof; 
(b) 
the Trust Deed; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the VPS Agency Agreement; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(f) 
any future base prospectuses, prospectuses, information memoranda, Final Terms and supplements 
to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euronext 
VPS. The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euronext VPS, as applicable, will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. The address of Euronext VPS is Fred. Olsens gate 1, NO-0152 Oslo. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 158 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 158 - 
70-41028024 
 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the Group since 
31 December 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of 
the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
Litigation 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
The consolidated financial statements of the Issuer have been audited without qualification for the financial 
years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 by Ernst & Young AB of Hamngatan 26, SE-111 
47 Stockholm, Sweden, who are authorised and regulated by the Swedish Inspectorate of Auditors – 
Revisorsinspektionen, and who have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their 
audit reports in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included. Ernst & Young 
AB of Hamngatan 26, SE-111 47 Stockholm, Sweden have also given, and have not withdrawn, their 
consent to the inclusion of their reports on pro forma financial information in this Base Prospectus in the 
form and context in which they are included. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and 
its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, 
deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference 
obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its 
affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or 
other trading activities. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or 
hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the 
Issuer or its affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the 
Issuer or its affiliates routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer or its affiliates consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such 
exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any 
such positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The 
Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
Language of this Base Prospectus 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law. 
Legal Identity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 549300WD2QBD89VBPV88. 
Issuer Website 
The Issuer's website is https://heimstaden.com/se/. Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus, information contained on the website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 159 ---
10223626517-v74 
- 159 - 
70-41028024 
 
Validity of prospectus and prospectus supplements 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the 
end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 160 ---
10223626517-v74 
 
70-41028024 
 
ISSUER 
Heimstaden AB (publ) 
Ö Promenaden 7 A 
SE-211 28 Malmö 
Sweden 
TRUSTEE 
Deutsche Trustee Company Limited 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
REGISTRAR  
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2 Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
VPS AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge, Issuer Service 
Essendrops gate 7 
N-0368 Oslo 
Norway 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to English law 
To the Issuer as to Swedish law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå AB 
Östra Hamngatan 16 
Box 2235 
403 14 Gothenburg 
Sweden 
 
To the Issuer as to Norwegian law 
Advokatfirmaet BAHR AS 
Tjuvholmen Allé 16 
NO-0252 Oslo 
Norway 
 
To the Dealers and the Trustee as to English law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
London E1 6AD 
United Kingdom

--- Page 161 ---
10223626517-v74 
 
70-41028024 
 
AUDITORS 
Ernst & Young AB 
Hamngatan 26 
SE-111 47 Stockholm 
Kingdom of Sweden 
 
DEALERS 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Satamaradankatu 5 
Helsinki 
FI-00020 Nordea 
Finland 
 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland